ACTS

OF

ASSEMBLY,

Passed in the

ISLAND of JAMAICA;

From the YEAR 1681 to the YEAR 1768, inclusive.

In Two Volumes

Volume I

SAINT JAGO DE LA VEGA, JAMAICA:

Printed by LOWRY and SHERLOCK, Printers, Booksellers and Stationers.

M,DCC,LXIX.

A

TABLE

OF THE

ACTS of Assembly of JAMAICA,

In the Annual Order they have been passed.

NOTE, Those only in Italick Character are the Titles of those Acts which are now in Force, and have accordingly Figures of Reference to the Pages where they are to be found; the others (in Roman Character) being either obsolete, repealed or expired, and Private Acts.

---

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 168x.

Page:

AN Act appointing the Number of the Assembly, i

An Act for regulating Servants, i

An Act for the Highways,

An Act appointing the Prices of Meat, 6

An Act against Blasphemy, and for preventing Disorders in Alehouses, Taverns, and Victualling Houses,

An Act impG-wenng Justices of the Peace to decide Differences not exceeding 40 s. S

An Act for rating Liquors sold by Retail, p

An Act for the refraining and punishing Privateers and Pirates, - cj

An Act for preventing Damages in Plantations, preserving of Cattle, and regulating

Hunting, j r

An Act for registering of Deeds and Patents, — 13

An Act impowenng the Church-wardens of St. Catherine'^ to receive 12 d. per Ton for all Goods made up in Cask, that are landed on or shipped from the Bridge at

Passage-fcu t, for maintaining and repairing the fame, - — 15

An Act for Confirmation of pious, charitable, and publick Gifts and Grants, 16

An Act declaring it High Treason to counterfeit his Majestfs Broad Seal of this Island, 16 An Act for regulating Building, and preventing Fire, - 17

An Act for the Maintenance of Ministers and the Poor, and erecting and repairing of Churches, -

An Act ascertaining the Value of foreign Coins, and establishing Interest, --

An Act for settling the Militia, - 23

An Act for the Prevention of Law Suits, - 27

An Act for establishing Courts, and directing the Marshal's Proceedings, - 28

An Act appointing where the Laws of this Island shall be lodged, - 32

Publick Acts obsolete, repealed, or expired - -1681.

An Act ascertaining the Quit-rents, and Manner of Receipt thereof. (Vide Act 47.)

An Act encouraging the Importation of white Servants. (Vide Act 46.)

An Act for the Ferry betwixt St. Catherine's and St. Andrew's.

An Act for clearing Rio Cobre, above and below Caymanas.

An Act for the better securing certain Titles, made by way of Release and Confirmation under the Great Seal of this Island.

An Act for raising a publick Impost.

Private Acts-----1681.

An Act for the Compensation of Mr. Nicholas Scarlet.

An Act securing the Purchasers of Thomas Bun's Land in Port Royal.

Publick

2

A TABLE of the

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1683.

Page.

An Act requiring allMasters of Ship and Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office,

An Act encouraging the Settling of this Tfland, -

An Act for ordering Boats and Wherries, and better Government of Sealken, -

An Act for regulating Surveyors, —

An Act for further directing and regulating the Proceedings of Survey ors, -

A supplemental and explanatory A5t, -

An Act to keep open old Paths to publick Watering-places, -

An Act appropriating certain Lands upon Port Royal to the Publick Use,

33 35 35

38

39

42

44

45

An Act for punishing of idle Persons and Vagabonds, and for Relief of the Poor, 45

An Act for vacating several irregular Grants, surreptitiously obtained, for Royal Mines,

Shoal Water, Anchorage, and Fishery, 46

Publick Acts expired or repealed-----1683.

An Act for regulating Fees.

An Act encouraging Shipping, and ascertaining Tonnage.

An Act for raising a publick Revenue, for the Support of the Government of this his Majesty's > Island.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1693.

An Act for establishing a perpetual anniversary Faji on the •jth of June, — 47

An Act for making Kingston a Parish, - 48

An Act for the better securing of Porr Royal. - 49

An Act for making and clearing a publick Road, from St. Mary V and St. George'j into the Parish of St. Andrew, 5*

An Act appointing the Prices of Meats, and regulating Markets, - - 52

Publick Acts expired or repealed - --1693.

An Act for raising Money for and towards the Defence of this Island.

An Act to encourage seafaring Men, and other their Majesties Subjects.

An Act for reimbursing their Majesties Treasury.

An Act to reimburse their Majesties Treasury, and encourage their Subjects to come and settle in this Island.

An Act for raising Money to solicit in England the Affairs of this their Majesties Island.

An Act for guarding the Sea Coasts.

An Act for raising Money as a farther Aid to their Majesties, for and towards the Defence of this their Island of famaica.

An Act appropriating several Sums of Money, heretofore raised, to the immediate Service of this Island.

An Act appropriating several Sums of Money for the speedy Relief of the wounded and distressed Inhabitants of this Island, who have suffered by the latelnvafion of the French.

An Act for the Encouragement and Freedom of Servants and Slaves, which have done or shall do any remarkable Service against the French, during this present War.

An Act for Prevention of indebted Persons from departing this Island in the Time of Martial Law.

Private Act-

.1693.

An Act to enable George Ivey, Esq; to fell his Estate, for the Payment of the Debts of his Father William Ivey, Esq; deceased.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1695.

An Act for erecting and establishing a Free-School in the Parish of St. Andrew. 53

Publick Acts expired - 1695.

An Act for raising Money to discharge the Debts contrafted in the late Invasion of the French.

An Act to enable several Parishes of this Island to raise, levy, and collect the Taxes and Arrearages arising by two former Acts.

An Act for the building a Fortification in the Parish of Kingston, for the better defending this Island.

An Act to enable the Parish of Vere to build a Fortification for the better Defence of this Island.

An Act appropriating the Sum of 800l. for Accommodation of his Majesty's Forces daily expected hither.

Private Acts — 1695.

An Act for confirming a Parcel of Land to Sir fames deCaflillo, Knt.

An Act to enable Redmund Macragh, and others, to fell Lands for Payment of the Debts of the said Redmund Macragh.

An Act to enable the surviving Executor of William Alcock, deceased, to fell his Estate, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

Publick

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

3

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1696. Page.

An Act for the more speedy collecting his Majesty's Quit-rents. Fines, Forfeitures, and

Amerciaments, - 5

An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves, 57

Publick Acts expired - 1696.

An Act for quartering the King's Soldiers.

An Act to enable several Parishes to levy and collect the Arrearages of Monies arising by former Act , and appropriating Money to pay Parties to reduce rebellious Negroes.

An Act for compleating the Payment of Debts contracted during the late Invasion, and erecting and finishing the Fortifications at Port Morant.

An Act appropriating the additional Duty to the Revenue, and several Sums of Money to publick Uses.

Publick Act in Force. Palled Anno 1698.

An Act for confirming and securing Titles to Estates, 65

Publick Acts expired - 16984

An Act to continue the additional Duty.

An Act to oblige and enable several Parishes of this Island to raise, levy, collect, and pay in their Taxes and Arrearages ariting by former Acts.

An Act appropriating the Sum of 1500 /. to the Use of the Right Hon. Sir William Beeston, Knt.

Private Acts-----1698.

An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Land of fames Crips, deceased, to discharge a

Mortgage.

An Act of Favour to Capt. UJhtr Tyrrel, in Consideration of his Sufferinga by the French.

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1699.

An Act for raising Parties to suppress rebellious and run-aw ay Negroes, 66

An Act for uniting the Precincts of St. Andrew'* and Kingston, 67

An Act to oblige the Parishes of St. Andrew and St. Catharine to build a Bridge over the Rio Cobre, 68

An Act to make fuiidry Persons a Body Politick, and Directors for the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, 69

An Act appointing Scavengers, and regulating Wharfage at Port Royal, — 71

Publick Acts repealed or expired — 1699.

An Act to oblige Patentees of Offices to reside in this Island*

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Iropolt.

Private Acts-----1699.

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Modyford to fell Lands in Jamaica~.

An Act to impower Trustees to fell Lands for Payment of Debts and Legacies of Robert Byndlofs* Esq; deceased.

An Act to enable Sarah Cole to fell Lands of her deceased Husband, John John fin, for Payment of his Debts.

An Act for entailing a Parcel of Lands upon EdmundEdlyn, Esq; and his Heirs, according to an Agreement made before Marriage.

Publick Acts expired. Palled Anno 1701-2.

An Act for quartering Officers and Soldiers.

An Act for reviving the Act for raising an additional Duty and Impofl:.

An Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Arms, Ammunition, and Provisions tg Strangers in time of Danger.

Private Act-----1701-2.

An Act for the Naturalization of Josiah James Fdanfes, a Minor.

Publick Acts obsolete or expired. Palled Anno ijo2.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money to discharge the Publick Debts, and providing Funds for the Safeguard of the Island.

An Act to confirm the Acts of the last Assembly.

An Act for the more effectual raising Parties to pursue and dellroy rebellious and run*away Slaves.

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impofl.

An Act for the present Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers.

Private

4

A TABLE of the

Private Act-----1702.

An Act to reimburse John Sadler, Gentleman, for Money expended for the Improvement of the Estate of Sarah Grace Sedgwick, a Minor, deceased.

Publick Acts repealed. Passed Anno 1702-3.

An Act to prevent the Re-settling of Port Royal.

An Act to invest her Majesty in Land in Kingston, for the Reception of the Sufferers by the late dreadful Fire at Port Royal, declaring Kingston to be the chief Seat of Trade, and head Port of Entry; and fortifying West Chester. [This Law is not recorded.]

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1703. Page*

An Act for dividing the Parish of St. Elizabeth into two distinct Parishes, for the Ease of the Inhabitants, 73

An Act to encourage the Importation of white Men, 73

An Act for ascertaining, establishing, and more speedy collecting her Majesty's Quit-rents, 76

Publick Acts repealed or expired.-----1703.

An Act for raising Money for providing an Addition to the Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for other Uses.

An Act for the better Recovery of the Money raised by an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising " Money for providing an Addition to the Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and tc for other Uses."

An Act for encouraging Privateers, and other seafaring Men, and to prevent Impressing.

An Act to impower the Justices ar.J Vestry9f the Patidi of St. George to raise and pay in their Taxes by a former Act; and to indemnify the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, and St. David's, for not raising their Taxes in Time limited.

An Act to prevent the Incursions of the Enemy on the Sea Coasts.

An Act for the Continuance of an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising Money for providing an " Addition to the Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for other UfesAnd also for continuing one other Act, intituled, c‘ An Act for the better Recovery of the Money " raised by an Act, intituled, An Act for raising Money for providing an Addition to the Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for other Uses."

An Act for raising and appropriating an additional Duty and Impost.

An Act for making the Quay, whereon Fort Charles and Fort William are erected, a Port of Entry.

Private Acts-----1703.

An Act for making good and valid the last Will and Testament of Anthony Wood, late of Port Royal, Gentleman, deceased.

An Act to confirm an Agreement made between Olivia Read, Widow, and Nathaniel Brown and Anna Petronella, his Wife, for the Maintenance of the said Olivia Read; and providing Portions and Annuities for the Children of George Read and John Read, deceased; and appointing Commissioners to fell Lands for Payment of Debts, and other Uses.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1704.

An Act to prohibit the keeping any Quantities of Gunpowder on Port Royal, and for the better regulating and Security of the said Fown -, and to enable the Freeholders to chuse Church-wardens, Vestry-men, and other Parochial Officers, although the Fime for chusing thereof be elapsed already, — 81

Publick Acts expired-----1704.

An Act for the longer Continuance of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the Continuance of an Act intituled, An Act for raising Money for providing an Addition to the Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for other Uses:" And also for continuing one other Act, intituled, "An Act for the better Recovery of the Money raised by an Act, intituled, An Act for raising Money for providing an Addition to the Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for other Uses."

An Act to give further Time to foveral Persons that have not paid in their Quit-rents on the first Day of May, 1704.

An Act for the better Recovery of Publick Debts.

An Act for raising Money for a further Subsistence of her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers in this Island under Pay, and for other Uses*

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1705.

An Act for making a new Road from St. Thomas in the East to St. Andrew'^, 82

An Act for the making and keeping clear a publick Road from Clarendon to St. Elizabeth'j, over One-Eye Savanna, -

5

83

An

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

5

Page.

An Act for establishing Courts at Kingston, and exempting Packet-boats from the Duty ' of Gunpowder, - 86

Publick Acts expired-----1705.

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising Money for a further Subsistence of " her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers in this Island under Pay, and for other Uses."

An Act for appropriating Money for supporting of Parties to suppress rebellious and run-away Slaves, and for other Uses.

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impost, and appropriating Money for several Uses.

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, and for other Uses.

Private Act-----1705.

An Act to enable Cary Bodle, and others, to fell Lands for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, for the Improvement of the Estate of the said Cary Bodle.

Publick Act in Force. , Pafied Anno 1706-7;

An Act for the Encouragement of good Ministers to come to this Island, ---- 86

Publick Acts obsolete or expired. Passed Anno 1706-7;

An Act for making Provisions for the Maintenance of Prisoners at War for one Year.

An Act to enable the Treasury to pay several Sums of Money disbursed upon extraordinary Occasions.

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impost, and appropriating Money for several Uses.

An Act for the further Encouragement of Parties, and more speedy Reduction of rebellious and run-away Slaves.

An Act for the speedy collecting of outstanding Debts.

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the I ft of February 1706, to the ift of February 1707.

Publick Acts expired or repealed. Patted Anno 1707-8.

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the ift of February 1707, to the I ft of February 1708.

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impost, and appropriating Money to several Uses, for the Year 1708.

An Act for making Provision for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, for the Year 1708.

An Act for making good deficient Funds, and appropriating several Sums of Money.

An Act for regulating Fees. [Vide Act 56.)

Private Acts.... 1707-8;

An Act for confirming the Sale made by Jane Booth to Joseph Dufston.

An Act to prevent Slaves being Evidence against Manuel Bartholomew, a free Negroe;

An Act to prevent Slaves being Evidence against John Williams, a free Negroe.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1709.

An Act for the further and better securing Port Royal, - 80

An Act appointing Way-wardens, regulating Wharfage, and buoying out the Channel

between Port Royal and Kingston, 8 8

An Act for dividing the Common, or Salt Savanna, in the Parish of Vere, - 9 r

Publick Acts expired or tepealed - 1709.

An Act for the further quieting Possessions, and preventing vexatious Suits at Law. [Fide Act 57 )

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, "An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the ift of February 1707, to the ift of February 1708."

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impott, and " appropriating Money for several Uses, for the Year 1708."

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiors, from the ift of May 1709, to the ift of May 17 10.

An Act for raising an additional Duty dnd Impost, and appropriating Money for several Uses, for the Year 1709.

An Act for maintaining Prisoners of War for the Year 1709.

Private Acts-----1709.

An Act for the better securing the Title of John Sadler, Esq; to certain Lands, by him formerly purchased of Anna Petronella Byndlofs, Widow.

An Act to reimburse Francis March, Esq; for Money which he has undertaken to pay, and shall pay for the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale.

An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of certain Lands, Part of the Estate of Gcrge Ivey, late of the Parish of Vere, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for providing for the Maintenance, Education, and Support of his eldest Daughter anil young Children.

Publick Acts' expired. Passed Anno 1710.

An Act for continuing ari Act, intituled, "An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the ift of May 1709, tb the ift of May 1710,; and from the " ift of May 1710, to the ift of May 1711.

C *B]

5 ATABLEof the

An Act for appropriating the Sum of 5000l. for fitting out two Sloops or Brigantines, for the guarding the Sea Coasts, and better Defence of this Islandi An Act for raising ail additional Duty and Impost, and appropriating Money for several Uses, from the 1 ft of May 1710, to the ift of May 1711.

An Act for making Provision for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War for the Year 1711.

An Act for providing an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the ift of May 1711, until the ift of August then next ensuing.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1711. Page.

An Act for regulating Fees, — 4-- 94

An Act for quieting Poftejftons, and-preventing vexations Suits at Law, 104

An Act for regulating Fowling and Fishing, — 106

An Act for the better fe curing the Estates and Inter eft of Orphans and Creditors \ and to oblige Executors to give Security, and to return Appraisements into the Secretary's Office of this Island, - 107

Publick Acts repealed or expired — -1711.

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impost, and " appropriating Money to several Uses, from the ift of May 1710, to the ift of May 1711 j and " from the ift of May 171 1, to the ift of August then next ensuing."

An Act for appropriating the Sum of 5000l. for fitting but of two Sloops or Brigantines, for guarding the Sea Coasts and Trade of this Island.

An Act to enable her Majesty's Treasury of this Island to support and discharge its extraordinary Occasions, by appropriating the Sum of 3000l. out of the Money arisen, or to arise out of the additional Duty.

An Act declaring what Persons shall be qualified to fit in Assemblies.

An Act to appropriate several Sums of Money for the Maintenance of Prisoners of War, from the i ft of May 1711, to the ift of May 1712; and to enable several Parishes, that have neglected to raise their Taxes, to raise the same.

An Act to prevent any Person from holding two or mor£ Offices of Profit in this Island.

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the ift of August 1711, to the ift of November next ensuing.

An Act to prevent hawking and disposing of Goods clandestinely.

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impost, and appropriating Money for several Uses, from the ift of August 1711, to the 1 ft of November next ensuing.

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the ift of November 1711, to the ift of November 1712.

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impost, and appropriating Money for several Uses, from the ift of November 1711, to the ift of November 1712; as also for the further enabling several Parishes of this Island to assess and levy Taxes appointed to be raised by former Acts of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island; and for the Relief of the Parishes of St. George and St. James.

An Act for making Provision for Prisoners of War, from the ift of December 1711, to the ift of December 1712; and for paying Money for several Uses.

An Act to disenable any Member of the Council, or of the Assembly of this Island, from acting as Commissioner for receiving any Publick Money, raised or to be raised by the Governor, Council and Assembly of this Island; and to disenable any such Commissioner to be a Member of the Council, of of the present or any future Assembly of this Island.

Private Acts - 1711.

An Act for vesting the Estate, real and personal, of Thomas Finch, late of the Parish of Kingston,

Esq; in Trustees, the better to enable his Securities to pay the Sum of 3800l. due from the said Thomas Finch, a Commissioner, to the Publick of this Island.

An Act to appoint and enable Commissioners to sell and dispose of Part of the Estate of IFilham Burras, late of the Parish of Fere, a Minor, deceased, for Payment of Legacies, and the Preserva-tion of the other Part of the said Estate.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1712.

An Act to encourage white Men to come and settle in this Island, — 108

An Act for preferring the publick Records of this Island, -« hi

Publick Acts expired — 1712.

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers, from the ift of November 1712, to the ift of November 1713, if the Regiment now here in Pay shall so long continue in this Island.

An Act for raising an additional Duty and Impost, from the ift of November 1712, to the ift of November 1713; and for appropriating Money for several Uses; and also for the Relief of the Parishes of St. George and St. James.

Publick Act expired. Passed Anno 1713.

An Act to provide an additional Subsistence for her Majesty's Officers and Soldier?, from the ift of November 1713, to the ift of May 1714, and no longer,

Publick

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

7

Publick Acts repealed or expired - 1713-14.

An Act for the more effectual Relief of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of Kinyfon.

An Act for ascertaining the Number of Ports of Entry in this Island, and obliging Officers to keep Deputies at such Ports; and to prevent all clandestine Trade.

An Act for discharging the Arrears due to her Majesty's Officers and Soldiers for their additional Subsistence, from the ift of November 1712, to the ift of November 1713; and paying off all Sums of Money becoming due by virtue of the same.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 17/5. Page.

An Act for the more easy serving of Constables^ 112

Publick Acts repealed. Passed Anno 1715.

An Act for the effectual Discovery of all Persons that are disaffected to his Majesty and his Government, and to prevent all such Persons holding any Office.

An Act to prevent all fraudulent Trade to Hispaniola, and other foreign Parts.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, and to maintain such as shall come over within a certain Time, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for repealing an Act, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Estates and Interest of " Orphans and Creditors; and to oblige Executors to give Security to return Appraisements into " the Secretary's Office of this Island; and for obliging Executors to return Inventories; and for " securing and improving the Estates of Orphans."

An Act to impose Duties on several Commodities, to defray the extraordinary Charge of the Government; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty, to enable the Treasury to discharge its Debts, and to answer the other Exigencies of the Government.

An Act for granting further Relief in relation to proving Wills and Testaments, and granting Letters of Administration of intestate Estates.

An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections, and directing the Proceedings in the Choice of Members to serve in Assemblies of this Island.

An Act to prevent any one Man to hold and enjoy any two or more Offices of Profit in this Island.

An Act to encourage the bringing over and settling of white People in this Island.

Private Act-----1716.

An Act to prevent Negroes being Evidence against Dorothy, the Wife, and John, Thomas, and Ft anas, Sons of John Williams, a free Negroe.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1717.

An Act for Relief of Widows and Orphans, in relation to Deficiencies, - 113

An Act for the more effectual punishing of Crimes committed by Slaves, - 113

An Act for the repairing, preserving, and maintaining the Wall of Port Royal, being now made use of as Part of his Majesty s Fortifications, - 116

Publick Act expired — : — 1717.

An Act for continuing an Act to impose Duties on several Commodities, to defray the extraordinary Charge of the Government; and applying the same to several Uses.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1718.

An Act for the Encouragement of voluntary Parties to suppress rebellious and run-away Negroes, - 117

Publick Act expired - 1718.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1719.

An Act to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Pcjfeffors; and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life and Years; and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves, --- 118

Publick Acts obsolete or expired - 1719.

An Act for the more immediate Relief of Parties; and for transferring of Money for several Uses.

An Act to impose Duties on several Commodities, to defray the extraordinary Charges of the Government, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of while People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.'

An Act to revive such Parts of former Acts as relate to any Monies still due to the Publick.

An Act for appropriating several Sums of Money to several Uses.

Publick

8

A TABLE of the

Publick Acts expired. Palled Anno 1720.

An Act for fitting out Sloops, or other Vessels, for guarding the Sea Coast, and better Defence of this Island.

An Act to impose Duties on several Commodities, to defray the extraordinary Charges of the Government j and applying the same to several Uses.

Publick Acts expired. Palled Anno 1720-21.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient} and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for Relief of such Persons as have suffered by Piracies and Robberies at Sea, or on the Shore, by any of his Majesty's Subjects of this Island.

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1721. Page.

An Act to encourage the settling the North-east Part of this Island, 121

An Act to impower the Parishioners of the Parish of Kingston to erect proper Buildings for a Court-house and Exchange, at the Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, 125

An Act to suspend a Clause in an Act, intituled, "An Act for ascertaining, establish-" ing, and more speedy collecting her Majesty's Quit-rents and for the further Ease of the Inhabitants of this Island, and better discovering his Majesty's Quit-rents, 126

An Act for the more easy obtaining of Partitions of Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments, in joint Tenancy in common, and Co-parcenary, ---- 127

Publick Acts expired — 1721.

An Act to impose Duties on several Commodities, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for collecting and gathering in the several out-standing Debts of this Island.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient} and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for fitting out a Sloop, or other Vessel, for guarding the SeaCoafts, and better Defence of this Island.

Private Acts - 1721.

An AftTor veiling certain Lands, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, in Trustees, for the Use of George Reid, Esq; and his Heirs.

An Act to enable certain Trustees to fell the Estates and Interest of William Bowles, and Charles Bowles, his Son, (an Infant) for the Discharge and Payment of Debts, and purchasing Lands in

the Kingdom of Great Britain to certain Uses.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1722.

An Act for establishing a perpetual amberfary Fafl on the 2 2th of Auglift, --- 128

An Act for preventing the Frauds, and regulating the Abuses in Trade, - 129

An Act for laying out a Road from a Place called the Cave, in the Parish of Weltmor-land, over the Mountains, to the North-east Part of the same Parish, or the West- end of St. James'j, as the Commissioners shall think mofi convenient, — 130

An Act for settling the North-east Part of the Island, - J32

Publick Acts repealed or expired - -1722.

An Act to impose Duties on several Commodities, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for fining out a Sloop, or other Vessel, for guarding the Sea Coasts, and better Defence of this Island.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient} and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to appropriate several Sums of Money to several Uses.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Bog-walk Plantation, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, to the Angel-river in the Parish of St. Catherine.

An Act for encouraging the speedy settling of the Plantation commonly called Pero, or Pera Plantation, situate at Pert Marant, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, in this Island } and for obliging all Persons, intitled to the Equity of Redemption thereof, to redeem the fame by a prefixed Time.

An Act to augment the Salary of his Grace the Duke of Portland.

An Act for making his Majesty's Revenue perpetual, and augmenting the fame} and continuing and declaring what Laws are in Force in this Island.

An Act for the more effc-ftual preventing of Frauds and Abuses in collecting his Majesty's Revenue.

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1723.

An Act for dividing the Parish of Westmorland into two distinct Parishes, for the Ease of the Inhabitants, — 136

An Act for clearing Rio de Cobre, - 137

7 Ay

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

9

Page.

An Act for encouraging white People to come over and become Settlers in this Island,

and for the more easy and speedy settling the North-eafi Part thereof - 139

An Act for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the Parifto and precinct of St. Elizabeth, 143

Publick Acts expired-----1723.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves With a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and altering the Duty upon Indigo to be imported} and for applying such Sums of Money to several Uses.

An Act for fitting out a Sloop, or other Vessel, for guarding the Sea Coasts, and better Defence of this Island.

An Act for granting an additional Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of the Government of this Island.

An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty for several Uses.

An Act for the more effectual suppressing of reoellious and run-away Slaves, and for regulating Parties to be sent out for that Purpose.

Publick Acts in Forces Passed Anno 1724.

An Act for laying out a Road from a Place called the Cave, in the Parish of Wdft-

moreland, to the West-end of the Parish of St. James, 143

An Act for building one or more Bridge or Bridges over Rio Cobre, or at the Bog-walk, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale; and repairing the Road's to Sixteen-

mile-walk, 145

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the settling this Istand, and securing the Sea Coasts thereof - 148

Publick Acts expired-----^1724.

An Act for reviving an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising a Revenue to her Majesty, her Heirs " and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for maintaining and " repairing her Majesty's Forts and Fortifications; and all other Acts and Laws of Jamaica that expired with the Paid Act on the first Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1724."

An Act for granting an additional Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of the Government of this Island.

-An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case theylhall be deficient} and applying the same, and other Sums, to several Uses.

An Act for the more effectual and speedy collecting the several out-standing publick Debts of this Island.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses*

Private Act - 1724*

An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of certain Lands, in the Parish of Sri Thomas in the Vale, late the Estate of Mr. Thomas King, deceased, in Andrew Arcedeckne and Alexander Henderson, Esqrs. and their Heirs; and for enabling them to sell and dispose of the said Lands, for the Payment of the said Thomas King's Debts*

Publick Acts iri Force. Passed Anno 1725.

An Act to inflict further and other Punishments on the TransgreJfors of two several Acts, the one intituled, "An Act for the better Order and Government of Slavesft and the other intituled, "An Act to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the " Possessorsand for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and " Tenants for Life or Years; and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves ft

An Act to prevent clandestine Trade, -

An Explanatory Act, for the further encouraging the settling the Parish of Portland,

Publick Acts expired-----1725.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to the Use of Parties, and other Uses.

An Act for the more effectual suppressing rebellious and run-away Slaves, and for encouraging Parties to be sent out for that Purpose; as also for better securing the Settlements at Plantain-garden River, and other Out-parts of this Island.

• An Act for the further Relief of the Inhabitants of Port Royal.

An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island; and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof, as they have - been introduced and used.

An Act to enable the several Parishes in this Island to chuse Parish Officers, and lay Parish Taxes for the Year ensuing; and to prevent Disputes at Law concerning the registering of Deeds and Patents, and Ronds, given in the Secretary's Office since the first Day of October last.

An Act to prevent the Abuses committed by entertaining, concealing, or carrying off any of his Majesty's Soldiers or Sailors, or any white Servants or Slaves belonging to any of the Inhabitants of this Iflrind.

An Act for reviving of Process.

149

150 152

t C ]

An

A TABLE of the

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to augment the Salary of his Grace the Duke of Portland, during his Residence in this Island, as Governor thereof.

Publick Act: expired. Passed Anno 1726.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1728. Page.

An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island; and for reviving and perpetuating the Alls and Laws thereof, - — 153

An Act for the better carrying on and securing the new Settlements at Port Antonio, in the Parish of Portland, — 161

An Act for the strengthcning and securing this Island against any Attempts to be made by foreign Enemies, ' 163

Publick Acts expired - -1728.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses; and for repairing the Wall at Port Royal.

An Act for the reviving and continuing of Process, and to prevent Disputes at Law concerning the registering of Deeds and Patents; and for confirming of Bonds taken in the Secretary's Office of this Island.

An Act to enable such of the Parishes of this Island as have not already chose their Parish Officers, nor laid their Parish Taxes, to do the fame in prefixed Times, although the Times appointed for doing thereof be already elapsed.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trade, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the more effectual and speedy collecting of the several out Handing publick Debts of this Island.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to enlarge the Time for the better raising and collecting a Tax by the Poll, and on Trade, in such Parishes as have omitted doing the fame within the Times limited by the former Act for that Purpose.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the

f- fame to several Uses; and for repairing the Wall at Port Royal.

An Act for the better securing the Settlements in the most exposed Parishes in this Island.

An Act to enlarge the Time for the better raising and collecting the Deficiency and Poll Tax in such Parishes as have omitted doing the fame, in the Times limited by the former Acts for that Purpose.

Publick Acts repealed or expired. Passed Anno 1729.

An Act to prevent Dangers that may arise from disguised as well as declared Papists,

An Act for the more effectual collecting the out-standing Publick Debts.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1730.

An Act for vesting twenty Acres of Land in Lynchs Island in the Crown, 165

An Act for the better amending the Highways, ' 165

An Act for prefer ving the Harbour of Port Antonio, in the Parish of Portland, 167 An Act for repealing an Act to prevent Dangers that may arise from disguised as well as

•. declared Papists, 168

An Act to prevent the felling of Gunpowder to rebellious or any other Negroes whatsoever, 168

Publick Acts expired or repealed-----1730.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses; and for repairing the Wall at Port Royal.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the better suppressing and reducing the rebellious and run-away Negroes.

An Act for the better regulating Slaves, and rendering free Negroes and Mullattoes more useful; and preventing Hawking and Pedling; and enlarging the Time for the Commissioners collecting the out-standing Debts.

An Act for raising Parties for dislodging and reducing the rebellious Slaves in the windward and other Parts of this Bland.

An Act for raising Money, and applying the same to the Use of Parties, to be sent out to dislodge and reduce the rebellious Slaves in the windward and other Parts of this Island.

An Act for explaining an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising of Money, and applying the same to " the Use of Parties, to be sent out to dislodge and reduce the rebellious Slaves in the windward " and other Parts of this Island;" and giving further Time for the assessing, collecting, and paying in the Taxes therein mentioned. v 6

An

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

11

An Act for keeping out the Parties under the Command of Capt. Brooke for a longer time.

An Act for the Encouragement of voluntary Parties, and, in Default of them, to raise and send out others, to suppress rebellious Negroes in the windward Parts of this Island.

An Act for raising several Sums of Motley, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, Offices and Rents, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and for laying a Duty upon Shipping, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the appropriating and applying Money for the Payment of the additional Subsistence of the Officers and Soldiers of the two Regiments arrived, and for other Uses; and for ascertaining the voluntary Rewards to be allowed them for the Services they perform; and to oblige such Parities as have not already made up their Accounts, and paid in their Arrears, to do the fame in a prefixed Time.

Publick Act in Force. Palled Anno 1731. Page.'

An Act for rendering the Bath, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, more serviceable, 170

An Act for the further quieting Poffieffiions, and regulating Surveys, - 172

An Act for the better preserving of the Records in the several Publick Offices of this Island, supplying and remedying Defects in several former Laws, for preventing frail-

' dnlent Deeds and Conveyances, and recording old Wills in a prefixed ‘Time, - 174

Publick Acts repealed or expired - --1731.

An Act for rendering the two Regiments of Soldiers more serviceable, and providing an additional Subsistence for them lor a longer time; and more speedy Reduction of the rebellious Neg. oes.

An Act to continue Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the better suppressing and reducing the rebellious and run-away Negroes," passed in the Month of March, in the Year of our Lord 1730, impowering such Parishes as are omitted in the said Act, to fend Parties in like Manner and Proportion as the Parishes in the said Act mentioned, to ascertain the Pay of the said Parties, and appointing other Commissioners; and for Payment of the several Votes of Credit, the Eafc of the Inhabitants of Carpenter's Mountains, and other Purposes.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; to impower the

• Receiver General to take up Money at Interest, and appoint a Committee to settle the Publick Accounts during the Continuance of this Act.

An Act for raising several Parties to reduce the rebellious Negroes in the North-east Part of this island."

An Act to prevent the Abuses committed by entertaining, concealing, or carrying off any of his Majesty's Soldiers, or any white Men or Women, Servants or slaves, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of this Island, without Tickets; and for the better regulating Servants, and deciding

v Differences between Mailers and Servants.

An Act to repeal such Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; to impower the Receiver General to take up Money at Interest, and appoint a Committee to settle the Publick Accounts during the Continuance of this *c Act," as imposes a Duty on the Importation of Convicts into this Island, and directs the Payment, Collection, or Recovery thereof.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and for laying a Duty upon Shipping, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for paying the Officers and Soldiers who shall engage in the Country's Service, and go in Pursuit of the rebellious and run-away Slaves; and other Purposes.

An Act for appointing an Agent or Agents in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the Publick Affairs of this Island; and impowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, asOccasion shall be, to give Instructions for

such his Management.

Private Acts - 1731.

An Act for vesting the real Ellate late of John Todd, formerly of the Parish of St. Andrew, Planter, deceased, inTrullees, for Performance of his Will; and rendering a Charity, by him intended, effectual.

An Act for vesting the real Ellate late of Elizabeth Doddington, formerly of Port Royal in this Island, Widow, deceased, undirpufed of by her Executors and Trullees, in the Church-wardens of Port Royal, and their Successors, for Performance of her Will.

An Act to establish, confirm, and secure the Right and Title of the Honourable Edward Charleton, Esq; to three Parcels of Land in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, in the Parish of St. Catherine.

Publick Act in Force. Patted Anno 1732.

An Act for keeping a nightly Watch in the Town of Kingston; and for the Prevention of Damages ihat may arise by Fire, - 177

Publick Acts expired - 1732.

An Act for continuing Part of two several Acts, viz. such Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for " the better suppressing and reducing the rebellious and run-away Negroes," passed in the Month of March, in the Year of our Lord 1730; and which was continued by one other Act, intituled,

" An Act to continue Part of an Act, intituled, An Act for the better suppressing and reducing

> *'• the

12

A TABLE of the

" the rebellious and run-away Negroes; and impowering such Parishes as are omitted in the said " Act, to fend Parties in like Manner and Proportion as the Parishes in the said Act mentioned; sc to ascertain the Pay of the said Parties, and appointing other Commissioners; and for Payment " of the several Votes of Credit, the Ease of the Inhabitants of Carpenter's Mountains, and other " Purposes, passed in July 1731; and for continuing such Parts of the said last mentioned Act as " in any wise relates to the fitting out and Payment of Parties, or the appointing of Commissioners " for that Purpose."

An Act for the better settling the East and North-east. Parts of this Island, explaining some Clauses in several Acts relating thereto; and for making Satisfaction to John Laurence, Esq; for a Negroe loft in the Country's Service.

An Act to prevent the landing or keeping of Negroes infefted with the Small-pox, in any of the three Towns of Si. Catherine, Port Royal, or Kingston.

Private Act-----1732.

An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of several Pieces and Parcels of Land in the Parish of Westmoreland, and other Parishes in this Island, late the Estate of Thomas Tomlin, Planter, deceased; and to apply the Monies arising thereby towards Payment and Satisfaction of a Mortgage given by him in his Life-time of a Plantation or Sugar-work in the said Parish of Westmoreland, with the Slaves, Cattle, and Stock thereon, in order to preserve the fame from Sale, and improve it for the said Tomlin's Heir, a Minor of tender Years.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1733. Page.

An Act to fecttre the Freedom of Elections, and directing the Proceedings in the Choice of Members to serve in Assemblies in this Island; to qualify Persons elected to serve in future Assemblies in this Island; and to ascertain who shall be deemed Mullattoes for the future, — - 179

An Act for securing and collecting his Majestys Quit-rents, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments; and for regulating the Manner of Escheats; and for securing the Posserers of Lands already forfeited and settled, and further Fife overy of such forfeited Lands,

and encouraging the settling thereof, - i8i

An Act for running, cutting, and clearing the dividing Lines; and cutting of Roads in and between the Parishes of Westmoreland and Hanover •, and for repairing a Bridge over Cabaritta River, in the said Parish of Westmoreland, — " 184

An Act for dividing this Island into two Fivisions, to be for ever hereafter known and described by the Names of the Eastern and Western Divisions; for erecting and building Barracks in the said Western Division •, cutting and clearing Roads therein; and for raising and fitting out Parties, for the more speedy and effectualfuppr effing the rebellious and run-away Negroes, — *---- 185

An Act for cutting a Road from the Breafi-work, and building a defensible House at or mar the Place where Capt. De la Milliere was ambushed-, and for prohibiting the

retailing of Rum at Titchfield, - 193

An Act to prevent the making, throwing, or firing off Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, and other Fire-works, — - 195

Publick Acts expired or repealed — -1733.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the speedy fitting out of a Party or Parties, to suppress the rebellious and run-away Slaves in the North-east Part of this Island.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the two Independent Companies; preventing; the Exportation of several Commodities into the French and Spanish Islands; and subjecting the Party-men to the Rules and Articles of War in Force in this Island, in the Time of the last Martial Law.

An Act for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. James.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual collecting the Publick and Parochial out-standing Debts.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Mo-" ney, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses," passed in April last; and to oblige Tavern-keepers and Retailers of Rum, Sugar, Rum-punch, and Billiard-table Keepers, to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, in full Lieu and Satisfaction of the several Taxes imposed upon them respectively by the said Act.

An Act for lessening the Quorum appointed by an Act, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy and effectual collecting the Publick and Parochial out-standing Debts; enlarging the Time for finish* " ing and compleating the Publick Accounts; and to enable such Parishes to lay, assess, and to " pay over the several Taxes imposed on them by any Laws, as have hitherto omitted to do the fame."

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

•v

5

An

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

*3

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the lame to several Uses; for fubfilhng the Officers and Soldiers of the two Independent Companies; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French and Spanish Islands.

An Act for raisinsi of Money, and applying the same to the Use of Parties to be sent out to reduce the rebellious Negroes.

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, of the Middle Temple, Esq; Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other publick Affairs of this Island; and impowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An Act for the Relief of such Persons as have been over-assessed, or wrongfully charged in the Arrearage Rolls, issued by virtue of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the more speedy and efflftual " colltfting the Publick and Parochial out-standing Debts, and for suspending the Execution of

" the said Act for a certain Time."

An Act for cutting of Roads, and building of Barracks in the Eastern Division of this Island; and for r.tifing and luting out of Parties, for the more speedy and effectual suppressing the rebellious and run-away Negroes.

Private Acts - 173 3

An Act for the Manumission of the Wife and Children of a free Negroe-man, Sambo, and of other Negroes; and for recompenffng their respective Owners.

An Act to intitle John Golding, senior, of the Parish of Vere, Planter, and his Family, tq the Rights and Privileges of Englishmen, born of white Ancestors.

An Act to establish, confirm, and secure the Right and Title of John Stewart, Esq; to a House in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, in the Parish of St. Catherine, commonly called the Fort-house, with certain Lands thereunto belonging and adjoining.

An Act for the Encouragement of Hugh King., of the Parish of IVfjhnor eland, in the Island of Jamaica, aforesaid, Millwright.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1734. Page.

An Act to vejl Lands in Port Royal in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the XJfe of his Ships of hVar, - 196

Publick Acts expired - 1734.

An Act for the further Encouragement of Parties, and more speedy Reduction of rebellious and runaway Slaves.

An Act for the more speedy cutting of Roads, and building Barracks in the Eastern Division; and for the Reception of the Troops expected.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; and for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the fix Independent Companies expected.

An Act for appointing and placing a proper Guard or Guards in the Western Division of this Island, in order to secure and protect the remote and exposed Settlements thereof.

An Act for putting this Itland under Martial Law for any Time not exceeding six Months; for impowering the Civil Magistrates, and other Officers of the respective Parishes in this Island, during the Time of ATartial Law, to levy, alfefs, and collect, as well all Publick Debts as Parochial Taxes, for keeping the Highways in Repair; impowering the Receiver General to borrow Money at Interest; and for obliging the Provost Marshal to fell Slaves, and other Effects now in his Cuffody, in a prefixed Time.

An Act to explain forne Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for putting this Island under Martial " Law, for any Time not exceeding six Months; for impowering the Civil Magistrates, and other " Officers of the respective Parishes in this Island, during the Time of Martial Law, to levy, alfefs, " and collect, as well all Publick Debts as Parochial Taxes, for keeping the Highways in Repair; " impowering the Receiver General to borrow Money at Interest; and for obliging the Provost " Marshal to fell Slaves, and other Effects now in his Custody, in a prefixed Time," passed in this Session of Assembly.

An Act for the Encouragement of good and able Men to march from the Barracks against the rebellious Negroes, during Martial Law; and for making Satisfaction to such Persons as may lose any Slaves in any Engagement or March after the rebellious Negroes; and for providing for the Sick and Wounded.

An Act to oblige Ja/per Ashwcrth, Esq; late Commissary, to account; and for removing him from his Place of Commissary.

Private Act-----1734.

An Act for enabling Elizabeth Hall, of the Parish of St. Andrew, Widow, Executrix of the last Will and Testament of James Hall, late of the said Parish, Esq; deceased, to sell and dispose of a certain Parcel of Land in the said Parish, lately belonging to him the said James Hall, for the Payment of his Debts.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1735.

An Act for the more effectual directing the Marshal's Proceedings, and regulating thereof, 197 An Act to prevent Hawking and Pedling, and disposing of Goods clandestinely, - 201

Publick Acts expired-----1735.

An Act for imposing a Duty on all Rum, and other Spirits and strong Waters, retailed in this Island; and for applying the same to several Uses.

hp.

[ D ]

14

A TABLE of the

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French and Spanish Islands.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themfrlves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for putting this Island under Martial Law, for any Time not exceeding three Months; fer impowering the Civil Magistrates, and other Officers of the respective Parishes in this Island, during the Time of Martial Law, to levy, assess, and collect, asVell Publick Debts as Parochial Taxes, For keeping the Highways in Repair; impowering the Receiver General to borrow Money at Interest; and for obliging the Provost Marshal to fell Slaves, and other Effects now in his Custody, in a prefixed Time.

An Act for the more effectual collecting the several Debts due on Account of Deficiency and Poll Taxes, and all other Publick and Parochial Debts.

An Act for the better settling and securing the Island, and veiling several Parcels of Land in the Crown; and for building of Barracks; and fitting out of Parties for the reducing the rebellious Negroes; and cutting of Roads.

An Act for enlarging, widening, and repairing the Road to Sixteen-mile Walk.

Private Act-----173 5.

An Act for enabling Mary Howell, of the Parish of St. Catherine, in the said Island, Widow, Executrix of the last; Will and Testament of Samuel Howell, late of the same Parish, Planter, deceased, to sell and dispose of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Slaves, and personal Estate, late belonging to him the Laid Samuel Howell, for the Payment of his Debts.

Publick Acts in Force. Palled Anno 1736. Page.

An Act for introducing of white People into this Island; for subsisting them for a certain 'Time, and providing them with Hand, that they may become Settlers, - 202

An Act to prevent the malicious burning of Houses and Plantations, 205

An Act to explain and enforce the last Will and Testament of John Wolmer, late of Kingston, Goldsmith, deceased, and rendering his Donations to the said Town more

useful; and for erecting and establishing a Free-school in the said Town, - 205

An Act for impowering William Pete to keep the Ferry; and ere PI a Tollgate or Turn- pike between St. Catherine'^ and St. AndrewV, and taking up run-away Negroes, 20S

An Act to prevent the Abuses committed by entertaining, concealing, or carrying off any of his Majesty's Soldiers, any white Men or Women, Servants or Slaves, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of this Island, without Pickets; and for the better regulating

Servants, and deciding Differences between Masters and Servants, 2 J o

An Act for regulating of Pilots, - 212

An Act to explain an Act, intituled, "An Act for regulating of Pilots f passed z;/November 1736, 214

Publick Acts repealed or expired - -1736.

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, of the Middle Temple, London, Esq; Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the Publick Affairs of this Island; and impowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French and Spanish Islands.

An Act for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of this Island, in building Barracks; and remedying and supplying some Defeats and Omissions in the late Barracking Law.

An Act for imposing a Duty on all Rum, and other Spirits and Strong-waters, retailed in this Island; and for applying the same to several Uses; and appointing Commissioners for settling the publick Accounts.

An Act for repealing an Act, intituled, "An Act for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the Parish of " St .James'ft and appointing the Place for holding the Courts of Quarter-sessions, Common-plea?, and other publick Business of the Parish.

An Act for raising several Sums ot Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French and Spanish Islands.

An Act for imposing a Duty on all Rum, and other Spirits or Strong-waters, retailed in this Island; and on all Wines and foreign Spirits; and applying the same to several Uses; and appointing Coin-missioners for settling the Publick Accounts.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

Private Acts — 1736.

An Act to confirm the Sale of a House in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, in the Parish of St. Catherine, commonly called the Fort-house, with certain Lands thereunto belonging and adjoining; and confirming and securing the Title of the present Owner under such Sale.

Ar\

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

J5

An Act to enable David Jones, a Minor, under the Age of 21 Years, to wit, of the Age of 19 Years and upwards, only Soil and Heir, and also residuary Devisee of the Real and Personal Estate oi Griffith Jones, late of the Parish of St. John, Planter, deceased, and Robert Kilbies, late of the Parish of St. Dorothy, Esq; Guardian of the Body and Estate of the said David Jones, or either of them, to fell the Moiety or half Part of IOCO Acres of Land, of him the said David Jones, at Plantain-garden River, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, with his Right and Title therein, or to the Plantation thereon settled, called Golden Grove, and PLufes thereon, for Payment of the Debts affecting the fame, and of other Debts of the said David Jones, and of the Legacies left by the said Griffith Jones to his youngerChildren, and others.

An Act for ti e Encouragement of Major Thomas Sainthill, in his Proieftions of making of Cattle or Horse-Miilsj and for hanging of Coppers, anti cleansing of Cane Liquor.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1737. Page.

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Arlne to build a Barrack at or near the Head of Rio Bueno, which divides the Par ip of St. Anne from the Parish of St. James; and to exempt them from their further contributing to the building any other Barrack -, and for paying the Officers of the Barrack at the Little Meneague, 215

An Act for the better preferring the Publick Records of this Island, 216

An Act for effectually settling the Parip of Portland, by vejling all the unsettled Lands in the said Parip in the Crown, 218

Publick Act expired-----1737*

An Act to enable the Constables of the several Parishes in this Island to make Distress as usual, in collecting and receiving the Deficiency Tax, from the 28th of March 1737, to the 28th of March 1738; and impowering the Church-wardens and Constables of the said Parishes to receive and retain their several Commissions on the said Tax as usual.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 173 S-

An Act for perpetuating such Parts of the late Barracking Law as vejled several Parcels of Land in the Crown, and confirming the Titles of such Persons as have had Grants of any such Lands pursuant to the said Laws, and for directing Surveys to be made of several Parcels of the said Lands, 222

An Act for erecting, establiping, and regulating a Free-school in the Parip of West-moreland, in the said Island; and enforcing the loft Will and Tefiament of Thomas Manning, deceased, 224

Publick Acts expired-----^-1738.

An Act for rendering free Negroes, Mullattoes, and Indians more useful, srd forming some of them into Companies, with proper Encouragement to pursue and destroy the rebellious Negroes.

An Act for enabling the Inhabitants of the Parish of Westmoreland to maintain another Minister, during the Indisposition of Mind of the Rev. John Dickson, the presentReftor of the said Parish.

An Act to augment the Salary of his Excellency Edward Trelawney, Esq;

Private Acts — 1738.

An Act to intitle Sufanria Augier, a Mullatto Woman, of the Parish of Kingston, and Mary Augier and Frances Angler, two of the Ch ldren of the said Susanna Augier, to the same Rights and Privileges with Englifl) Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Anne Dufrefnay, a free Mullatto Woman, the Wife of Samuel D if repay, to the same Rights and Privileges with Englfij Subjtfts born of white Parents.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1739.

An Act for the reducing the Interest of Money on all future Contracts, and for the advancing the Credit of Bills of Exchange, -

An Act for confirming the Articles executed by Colonel John Guthrie, Lieutenant Francis Sadler, and Ludjoe, the Commander of the Rebels for paying Rewards for taking up and refioring run-away Slaves, and making Provision for four white Persons ref ding, or to reside, at Trelawney Town; and for granting Freedom to five Negroes who were Guides to Parties, -

An Act for uniting those Parts of Carpenter's Mountains, heretofore efieemed Part of the Paripes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, to the Parip of Vere, -

An Act for the better securing and collecting his Majesty's Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, -

An Act for vesting a Number of Negroes in the Crown, for the Use of the Barracks, and cutting and clearing of Roads-, and for exempting the Parip of Vere from joining with the Parip ^/"Clarendon, in building and repairing the Cave-river Barrack,

Publick Acts expired-----1739.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses; and appointing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies; and preventing the Exportation of several

227

228

232

233 2 33

16

A TABLE of the several Commodities into the French and Spanijl) Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, of the Middle Temple, London, Esq; Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the publick Affairs of this Island; and impowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same, and other Funds, and the Surplusage ot Funds, already not appropriated, to several Uses.

An Act to explain Part of an Act, to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Iflind to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or pay certain Sums of Monet, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same, and other Funds, and the Surplusage of Funds not already appropriated, to several Uses; passed this House this Sessions of Assembly.

Private Acts-----1739.

An Act to intitle Jane Stone, a free Mullatto Woman, and her four Children, Thair.as, Hugh, Kuk, Barnet Stone, Elizabeth the Wife of John Bartibo, Janus Stone the younger, and Anne S'one; and William Stone, a free Mullatto Man, and his Son John Stone; and Richard Stone, a free Mullatto Man, and his three Sons, William, Richard, and John Stone; and his two Daughters, Rebecca and Elizabeth Stone; to the same Rights and Privileges with Engliftj Subjects born ol white Parents.

An Act to intitle William Cunningham the Younger, a free Mullatto, the reputed Son of William Cunningham the Elder, of the Parish of Westmoreland, in the said island, Esq; by a free Negroe Woman, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subject born of white Patents.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Edward Manning, Esq; with Elizabeth Moose, and to enable him to marry again.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1740. ' Page.

An Act to repeal Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the more effectual Punish- i. " ment of Crimes committed by Slavesand to oblige the several Parishes to pay for all Negroes executed in each respective Parish, 237

An Act to explain an Act, intituled, "An Act for securing and calledling his Majesty s " Quit-rents. Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments; and for regulating the Man-" ner of Escheats, and for securing the Pofftjfors of Lands already forfeited and set-" tied, and further Life over) of such forfeited Lands, and encouraging the settling " thereof, - 238

An Act for confirming the Articles executed by Colonel Robert Bennet and Qiiao, the Commander of the Rebels; for paying Rewards for taking up and reftonng run• away Slaves, and making Provision for four white Persons to reftde at Crawford Town and New Nanny Town •, and for granting Freedom to two Negroes, who were Guides to Colonel Benner, 239

An Act for preventing of Frauds and Breaches of Trujl by Attornies or Agents of Persons absent from this Island, and by Trustees, Guardians, Executors and Administraters, adtitig for and on the Behalf of Minors and others, and by Mortgagees in Fojfession of Estates mortgaged, and Sequestraters appointed by Authority of the Court of Chancery, 24 i

An Act for rendering the several Donations, which have been given and bequeathed to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of V ere, in the said Island, more ufefuh, and for ere cl- ing and endowing a Free-school in the said Parish, 243

An Act to vest certain Lands in the Parish of St. Andrew in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for erecting and building an Hospital, and other Necessaries and Conveniences for the Reception and Accommodation of maimed, sick, and infirm Sailors, and others belonging, or that shall belong, to his Majesty's Navy, 246

Publick Acts expired - --1740. 5

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for fulfilling the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies, and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French and Spanish Islands, and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses; and appointing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accoums.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, Supercargoes and Mailers of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Offices, Rents, and Salaries of Overseers, and applying the same to several Uies.

An Act to explain and amend the Militia Act.

An Act for appropriating the Surplusage of several Funds, raised for this present Year, in discharge of several Publick Engagements.

An Act for enlarging, widening, and repairing the Road from Spring-garden, in the Parish of St. Dorothy, to Capt. Thomas Fuller % Plantation at Luidas, in the Parish of St. J:hn.

8 Publick

ACTS of ASSEMBLY. ' ,17

__________ / I

Publick Acts in Force. PaTed Anno 1741. Page.

An Act to vejl certain Lands on Port Royal in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the enlarging and making more commodious the Careening Wharf and Yard already ere fled there for the Use of his Majesty's Ships of War, 248

An Act to impower Commissioners to take Affidavits in the several Parifioes, to be made Use of in the Grand Court, •- 249

An Act for recovering and extending the Trade with the Indian Settlements in America, and preventing for the future some evil PraPlices formerly committed in that Trade, 250

An Act to encourage Colonel Cudjo and Captain Quaw, and the several Negroes under their Command in Trelawney and Crawford Towns, and all other Towns of rebellious Negroes who submitted to Terms, to pursue and take up run-away Slaves, and such Negroes as continue in Rebellion, and for remedying some Inconveniences in the Laws already made for that Purpose, - — 251

Publick Acts repealed or expired - --1741.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses; and appointing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or white Women, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for limiting the Duration of future Assemblies. f

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies for six Months; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanish Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to.and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for establishing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts; and better collecting the Publick Debts and Taxes, and applying the same for discharging the Publick Engagements.

An Act for.raising a certain Number of Negroes for the immediate Service of his Majesty.

An Act for continuing and declaring in Force such Parts and Clauses of an Act, intituled, tf An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the " Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies for six Months; and preventing the " Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanijk Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies," as relate to the additional Subsistence of the Officers, Surgeons, and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies in this Island, for six Months, Irom the first Day of November next; and for appropriating a Fund or Funds for the aforesaid Purpose.

Private Act: - 1741*

An Act to intitle William Gregory, of the Parish of Kingston, Carpenter, a free Mullatto Man, and Sarah his Wife, a free Woman, and their Son Thomas Gregory, and five Daughters, all free Mul-lattoes, named Lucca, the Wife of William Wyllys, of the Parish of Kingston aforesaid, Book* keeper, and Elizabeth, Sarah, Mary, and Frances Gregory, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1742.

An Act for the more effectually preventing, and further Punishment of Forgery, - 252

Publick Acts expired - 1742.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies for twelve Months; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanijk Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses; and appointing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or white Women, or' pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and for preventing several Abuses committed by Persons, under Colour of an Act of this Island, intituled, "An Act for introducing " white People into this Island, for subsisting them for a certain Time, and providing them with " Land, that they may become Settlers."

An Act for applying a further Sum of 1500 /. to the Account of his Majesty's Forts and Fortifications.

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, of the Middle Temple, London, Esq; Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the publick Affairs of this Island; and impowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

Private Acts-----1742.

An Act to intitle Anne Fletcher, a Mullatto Woman, of the Parish of St. Catherine, and fames Fletcher, and Fletcher Jones, two of the Children of the said Anne, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents,

[ E ]

2

An

i8

A TABLE of the

An Act to enable Trustees to sell and dispose of several Parcels of Land in this Island, late Part of the Estate of "John Moore, late of the Parish of IVejimoreland.', in the said Island, Esq; deceased, and to apply the Monies thereby arising in Payment of a Mortgage by him, in his Lite time, executed; and other Debts, according to and for the Performance of his Will.

Publick Act in Force. Passed Anno 1743. Page.

An Act for enlarging the Time for proving or acknowledging, and recording or enrolling Deeds and Conveyances, made and executed out of this Island, 253

Publick Acts expired - 1743.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies for twelve Months; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanish Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading tt> and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or white Women, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and for preventing several Abuses committed by Persons under Colour of an Act of this Island, intituled, "An Act for introducing " white People into this Island, for subsisting them for a certain Time, and providing them with Land, that they may become Settlers."

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, of the Middle Temple, Esq; Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the publick Affairs of this Island; and impowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An Act for establishing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts, and better collecting the Publick Debts and Taxes, and applying the same for discharging the Publick Engagements.

An Act for giving the fame Allowance to New-comers, who shall take up and settle Lands within the Parish of Portland, as those New-comers are intitled to, who have taken up Lands at or near Norman's Valley, or at or near Alanchioneal Harbour, by virtue of an Act, intituled, "An Act lt for introducing white People into this Island, for subsisting them for a certain Time, and pto-" viding them with Land, that they may become Settlers."

An Act for appropriating the Sum of 10,000l. to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping for the Use thereof; and for appointing Commissioners for ordering and inspecting the Works to be performed in and about the same.

An Act to inflict further and other Punishments on run-away Slaves, and such as shall entertain them.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1744.

An Act for the effectual preventing of Gaming and Supprejfton of Lotteries, - 254

An Act for erecting a House or Edifice for the Use of the Council and Assembly, and for the better preserving the Publick Records, and for the Reception of the Small Arms, 257 An Act for vesting the Sum of One thousand Pounds, devised by the last Will and Testa-rnent of Peter Beckford, Esq-, deceased, to the Poor of the Parish of St. Catherine, in a Pree-school in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and for erecting a Corporation

for the better Government thereof, 258

An Act for adding Commissioners to those already appointed, to inspect the Buildings that

are to be erected at the Bath in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Eafi, 261

An Act for making and opening a Road, fit for Wheel-Carriages, from the Parish of St. Anne to the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale -, and for impowering other Trustees to execute so much of the Trufis as remain unexecuted by or under an Act, intituled,

" An Act for vesting the Estates, real and personal, of Thomas Finch, late of the " Parish of Kingston, Esq-, in Trustees, the better to enable his Securities to pay the Sum of Three thousand and Eight hundred Pounds, due from the said Thomas

<t Finch, as Commissioner, to the Publick of this Island, 262

An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled, "An Act for the better Order and Go-ct vernment of Slaves-," and for making free and rewarding a Negroe named Hector, belonging to Thomas Fuller, Esq-, and paying his said Mafier the Value of said

Negroe, 263

An Act to regulate the felling of Gunpowder, and to prevent the felling of Fire-Arms to Slaves, ' 265

Publick Acts expired — 1744.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the eight Independent Companies for twelve Months; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanish Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising Companies in the several,Negroe Towns, and encouraging them to reduce rebellious and run-away Slaves.

An

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

*9

I

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negroe Towns, and for preventing them from purchasing of Slaves.

An Act to explain and amend the Militia Act, and for the Encouragement of Slaves deferring the Enemy, and railing Pioneer Negroes.

An Act for rebuilding, ertfting, or finishing the Fortifications of Pert Morant, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East; or, in Lieu thereof, such other Fortification, Breast work, Block-house, or Defences, as may be judged necessary for the Defence of the Harbour, and Security of the homeward and outward-bound Trade of the Wand, and applying and appropriating Money for that Use; and also for appropriating the Sum of 400l. towards the compleating the Fortification at Lucea Harbour.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or wnite Women, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses; and for preventing several Abuses committed by Persons under Colour of an Act of this Island, intituled, "An Act for in-" troducing white People into this Island, for subsisting them for a ceitiin Time, and providing them with Land, that they may become Settlers;" and for adding Commissioners to those already appointed to settle the Publick Accounts, and to those appointed for ordering and inspecting the Works to be performed in and about the Fortifications.

An Act for suspending an Act, intituled, "An Act to prevent the felling of Powder to the rebellious " or any other Negroes whatsoever."

Private Acts - 1744.

An Act for Sale of three Parcels of Land, lying wade and uncultivated. Part of the Estate late of James Rigby, Esq; deceased, for Pa>ment of his Debts and Legacies, and for preserving the profitable Part of his Estate.

An Act to intitle Priscilla Poynter, a free Mullatto Woman, Daughter of Peter Poynter, late of Port Royal, Merchant, and her Children, Charles, Priscilla, and Anne Poynter; and also Mary Morgan, a free Mullatto Woman, Daughter of the said Peter Poynter, late W ife of William Morgan, late of Kingston, Cooper, deceased, and her Children, Peter and Mlleffcent Morgan, free Mullattoes, begotten by white Fathers, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Elizabeth Ford, alias Reneuf, of the Parish of Kingston, in the said Island, Tavern-keeper, a free Mullatto Woman, and her Son and Daughter, Benjamin Tanner and Frances Ebzcry, both free Mullattoes, begotten by white Fathers, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents,

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1745. Page.

An Act to impower Alexander Inglis, Re ft or of the Parish of St. Andrew, and all future Rectors of the said Parish, to grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Re ft ory, for a Number of Years certain, 2 67

An Act to prevent Abuses committed by entertaining, concealing, or carrying off this If and, any of his Majesty's Soldiers belonging to any of the Regiments that now are, cr hereafter shall be, in this If and; or any of the Seamen or others belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships crVessels of War on this Station, --- 269

Publick Acts expired - 1745.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Trelawtiey, Esq> is Colonel, for twelve Months; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spamjh Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for establishing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts, and better col'efting the Publick Debts ai d Taxes, and applying the same for discharging the Publick Engagements.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or white Women, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses; and for adding Commissioners to those already appointed to settle the Publick Accounts, and to those appointed for ordering and inspecting the Works to be performed in and about the Fortifications; and for impowering the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of St. Andrew to lay a Tax for ertfting Guard-houses.

An Act to impower the Receiver General, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Accounts, to borrow Money at Interest for the Uses of the Publick.

An Act for putting this Wand under Martial Law, for any Time not exceeding three Months; for impowering the Civil Magistrates, and other Officers of the respective Parishes in this Island, during the Time of Martial Law, to levy, assess, and collect, as well all Publick Debts as Parochial 7'axes, for keeping the Highways in Repair; and for obliging the Provost-M.irfhal to fell Slaves, and other Effects now in his Custody, in a prefixed Time; and for impowering the Commissioners of Accounts, and the Commissioners for ordering and inspecting the Works to be performed in and about the Fortifications, to proceed in the same Manner as if Martial Law was not in Force.

An Act for raising a Tax by the Poll, and on Trades, Supercargoes and Matters of Vessels in the Out-ports, and on Offices, Rents, and Salaries of Overseers, and applying the same to several Uses.

Private

20

A TABLE of the

Private Acts-----1745.

An Act to intitle Maryjohnfon Rose, of the Parish of St. Catherine, in the said Island, a free Mul-latto Woman, and her Sons, Thomas Wynter and William Fuller, begotten by white Fathers, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Sarah Shreyer, a free Mullatto Woman, the Wife of Godfrey Shreyer the Elder, of the Parish of St. Mary, in the said Island, Planter, a white Man, and Thomas Shreyer, Samuel Shreyer, Godfrey Shreyer the Younger, Anthony Shreyer, and Ckrijliana Shreyer, the Sons and Daughter of the said Godfrey Shreyer the Elder, by the said Sarah his Wife, to the same Rights and Privileges with Englif) Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act for making free and rewarding two Negroe Women Slaves, the one named Silvia, belonging to Charles Beati •, and the other, Domingo, belonging to the Estate of Richard Garland, deceased, and for paying to their Owners their respective Values; and for adding Commissioners to the Forts and Fortifications at Port Morant, to those already appointed.

Publick Acts repealed or expired. Passed Anno 1746.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines and spirituous Liquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to severalUfes.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Trelaw.ney, Esq; is Colonel, for twelve Adonths; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanish Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for the Amendment of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the better Discovery of his Majesty's " Quit-rents," and for the obtaining a compleat and effectual Discovery of the same.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or white Women, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and for adding Commissioners to those already appointed to settle the publick Accounts, and to those appointed for ordering and inspecting the Works to be performed in and about the Fortifications.

An Act for providing and maintaining a Sloop or Vessel of War, for the better guarding and defending the Sea Coasts of this Island; and for securing Murray Crymble, Esq; against certain 3onds he hath entered into, to several Persons, against whom Judgments have been obtained for Duties on Prize Goods.

An Act for appropriating the Sum of 8600l. to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and for laying a Duty on the Tonnage of Shipping for the Use thereof; and for appointing Commissioners for ordering and inspecting the Works to be performed in and about the fame; and for applying a certain Sum of Money for altering and repairing the Gaol of St. Jago de la Vega; and for adding Commissioners to those already appointed for the building Fortifications at Port Morant.

An Act for the further Qualification of Persons elected to serve in this and all future Assemblies.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Sugars of the Growth of the French and Spanish Colonies into this Island, as Merchandize, during the Continuance of the present War with France and Spain.

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negroe Towns, and for preventing them from purchasing of Slaves.

An Act for raising Companies in several Negroe Towns, and encouraging them to reduce rebellious and run-away Slaves.

An Act for the giving Licence to the Captors, other Proprietors, and Purchasers of Prize Goods, brought into, and condemned as such in this Island, to export the fame under certain Regulations, free from any Duties imposed by the Law of this Island; and for the laying a Duty on certainWines, that may be brought in and condemned as Prize, and fold in this Island, and not already liable to any Duty or Impost.

Private Acts — — 1746.

An Act for the manumizing certain Negroes.

An Act for vesting several 'Parcels of Land, Part of Fifteen thousand Acres, at or hear Mormon's Valley, in Thomas Love, and sundry other Persons.

An Act to enable Francis Sadler, Esq; and the Heirs Male of his Body, to assume and take the Sir-name of Hals, pursuant to^ Codicil annexed to the last Will and Testament of Thomas Hals, Esq; deceased.

An Act to enable Thomas Spencer and Eleanor Mortimer, two of the Settlers at Manchioneal, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, to fell the Lands granted to shem, pursuant to the Laws for, encouraging white People to come over and settle the uncultivated Lands, for Payment, of their Debt,?.'

An Act to intitle Robert Halhed and Susanna Halhed, free Mullattoes, the reputed Son and Daughter of Richard Halhed, of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, in the said Island, Esq; by Grace Hazell, a free Mullatto Woman; and also to intitle Elizabeth, the Wife of Thomas Pierce, of London, in the Kingdom of Great Britain, Gentleman, (which said Elizabeth is also a free Mullatto, and another reputed Daughter of the said Richard Halhed, by the said free Mullatto V oman) to the same Rights and Privileges with Englif) Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Richard Purnell, an Infant, of the Age of four Years, a free Mullatto, the reputed Son of Peter Furnell, of the Parish of Kingson, in the said Island, Merchant, by a free Negroe Woman, to the same Rights and Privileges-with Englif) Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Elizabeth Cadogan, Widow, formerly Wife of Lawrence Cole, Gentleman, afterwards of Anthony Cook, and since of Thomas Cadogan, deceased, and Daughter of Charles Knight,

Esqj deceased, by a free Indian Woman; and John Cole, Charles Knight Cole, and Anne Cole, Sons

and

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

2 I

and Daughters of the said Lawrence Cole by the said Elizabeth, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Anne Johnson, a free Mullatto Woman, the reputed Daughter of John Johnson, of the Parish of St. Catherine, Planter, late deceased, and her Son Thomas IVightwick, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1747. Page.

An Act for amending and 'perpetuating an Act, intituled, "An Act for the more

" effe51 ual preventing of Gaming, and Suppression of Lotteries," ---- 270

An Act to enable the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of St. Catherine to keep clean Part of the Savannah Land, to be a Common for the said Parish, and to make Leases of the Remainder, for the Benefit of the Parish-, and for authorizing and impowering the Justices of the said Parish to lay a Tax on the Inhabitants of the Town of St.

Jago de la Vega, for repairing the Roads and Streets usually mended by the said Town; and for authorizing the Justices and VeJlry of the Town and Parish of King-Hot! to lay such Taxes, for the amending the Roads and Streets in the said Town and

Parifio, - 271

An Act for the farther regulating of the Service and Execution of Process, and the Re-

• turns thereof, and o'her Purposes relating to the Service of Jurors, and rendering the fame a more equal Duty, — 273

An Act for applying and appropriating certain Sums of Money to several Uses; and for enabling the Receiver General to negotiate and dispose of such Bonds as are and shall be given to his Majesty for Quit-rents-, and for impowering him to borrow certain Sums of Money at Interefi, for the supplying the immediate Exigencies of the Government; and for restraining the Commissioners of Forts and Fortifications, for laying out more Money upon the said Forts and Fortifications than shall, from Time to Time, be granted by the AJfmbly for the said Fortifications, 277

An Act to explain and amend an Act, intituled, "An Act for introducing of white " People into this Island, for fubfifiing them for a certain Time, and providing them " with Land, that they may become Settlers" and also of an Act, intituled, "An Act for giving the fame Allowance to New-Comers, who shall take up and settle 4* Lands within the Parish of Portland, as those New-Comers are intitled to who " have taken up Lands at or near Norman's Valley, or at or near Machioneal " Harbour, by virtue of anA5l, intituled, An Act for introducing white People into " this Island, for fubfifiing them for a certain Time, and providing them with Land,

" that they may become Settlers" 2 yS

An Act for the Assay ing of Gold and Silver Wares and Bullion, -• — -« 280

An Act for laying out a Read from Pepper-plantation over Mayday-hills, in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, to St. Jago Savannah, in the Parish of Clarendon, — . 284

Publick Act expired - 1747.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, of the Middle Temple, London, Esq; Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the Publick Affairs of this Island; and impowering certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for fubfifiing for twelve Months the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Trelawney, Esq; is Colonel; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the

French, Dutch, and Spanish Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for the more effectual Execution of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the Amendment of an Act for the better Discovery of his Majesty's Quit-rents, and for the obtaining a compleat and " eflreftual Discovery of the fame." jAn Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or white Women, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and for adding Commissioners to those appointed for ordering and inspecting the Works to be performed in and about the Fortifications.

An Act for providing and maintaining a Sloop or Vessel of War, and two Launches, or other small Vessels, for the better guarding and defending the SeaCoafts of this Island.

An Act for establishing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts, and better collecting the Publick Debts and Taxes, and applying the same for discharging the Publick Engagements.

An Act to compel all Persons that shin Sugars from this Island to Great Britain, or any foreign Market, to pay Freight for the fame by Weight; and to prevent the Owners and Masters of Vessels from agreeing for the Freight of such Sugars in any other Manner.

An Act for impowering the Justices and Vestry of the Parishes of IVfimoreland, Hanover, and St. James's, to raise a Tax for the hiring white Men and Negroes, to be properly armed, accoutred, and provided with Ammunition and Provisions, for the Garrisons and Defence of the Forts and Fortifications at Savannah la Mar, Hanover, and St. James's-, and for impowering the Justices and

[ F ] Vestry

22

A TABLE of the

Vestry of the Parish of St. James, to appoint a Place or Places for the Trial of Negroe and other Slaves.

An Act for regulating the Militia.

Private Acts - 1747.

An Act for vesting the Moiety of two Parcels of Land at Manchionealy in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, late the Estate of John Barton, Esq; deceased, in Trustees for the Sale thereof, for Payment of Debts and Legacies of the said John Barton, and several Annuities chargeable on his Estate; and for the better Support of Martha Barton, an Infant Daughter of the said John Barton; and for securing the Estate and interest of those in Remainder, in the Money which shall arise by the Sale of the said Lands.

An Act to intitle Charles Scot, of the Town and Parish of Kingston, in the said Island, a free Mullatto Man, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Jane Major, of the Parish of Kingston, in the said Island, single Woman, and Edward James Augier, Thomas Augier, Peter Augicr, and Dorothy Augier, the Sons and Daughters of the said Jane Augier, all free Mullattoes, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Mary Augier, of the Parish of Kingston, in the said Island, single Woman, and William, Elizabeth, Jane, and Eleanor Augier, Son and Daughters, and Jacob and Elizabeth Augier, her Erother and Sifter, and John Augier, Son of the said Elizabeth, the Sifter of the said Mary, all free Mullattoes, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Fosler March, Charles March, John March, William March, and Anne March, the reputed Sons and Daughter of Foster March, of the Parish of St. Catherine, Esq; by Elizabeth Rogers, a free Mullatto, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle William Duckinfield, Edward Duckinfield, and Elizabeth Duckinfield, Infants, under the Age of 21 Years, the reputed Children of Robert Duckinfield, of the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, Esq; to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle Elizabeth Rogers, a free Mullatto Woman, and Mary Bajfnet, her Daughter, to the same Rights and Privileges with English) Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act to intitle William Mac Donald, of the Parish of St. James, a free Mullatto Man, to the same Rights and Privileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act for the Relief of the Proprietors of certain Lands, called Hobby's Plantation, in the Parish of St. George.

An Act for the Relief of the Proprietors of certain Lands called Paradise, in the Parish of St. George:

An Act for vesting several Parcels of Land in the Parish of Fere, Part of the Estate of Milborough, a Minor, Wife of Richard Cargill, Esq; only Daughter and Devisee of William Hodgins, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be by them sold to pay off his Majesty's Quit-rents, and the Legacies of Edward Gibbons Hodgins, still due from the said Estate; and for preserving the most improvable and profitable Parts thereof for the said Milborough Cargill, and others, who may be intitled thereto, under the Will of William Hodgins, her Father.

An Act for vesting several and various Tracts and Parcels of uncultivated and waste Lands, situate in the Precincts of Fere and St. Elizabeth; also a certain Piece of Penn Land, or Penn, commonly called or known by the Name of Mount Pleajant, lying and being in the Precinct of St. Andrew's, together with all Struftures and Edifices thereon, Part of the Estate of Jonathan Gale, late of the Parish of St. Elizabeth, Esq; deceased, in Barnart Andreas Woodfiock, Edward Manning, and Peter Serjeant, and their Heirs, to sell and dispose of the fame, for the Preservation of the most profitable Part of his real Estate, for the Benefit of his only Son and Heir, Henry Gale, a Minor, and of such other Person or Persons who shall or may be intitled thereto, upon the Decease of the said Henry Gale, or otherwise under the last Will and Testament of the said Jonathan Gale; and for applying the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, towards Payment and Satisfaction of the Quit-rents due to his Majesty for the said Lands, and of the Incumbrances, Debts, and Legacies affecting the Estate late of the said Jonathan Gale, Esq;

Publick Act in Force. Patted Anno 1748. Page.

An Act for regulating and settling the Livings of the Clergy, and ascertaining the fame, and giving the Bishop of London ecclestafiical Jurisdiction over them, -

An Act for making free Negroes, Indians, and Mullattoes, Evidence in all Causes against one another, in all the Courts of this Island, — < -

An Act for causing the Streets, Ways, and Avenues leading into and out of the Town of St. Jago de la Vega to be clean fed, and for keeping the fame confiantly clean and in goc ' Repair, -

Publick Acts expired — 1748.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rums, and other spirituousLiquors retailed in this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting for twelve Months the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Trelawney, Esq; is Colonel; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanish Islands; and for preventing several Frauds oommitted by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for raising a certain Number of Negroes, to be employed in his Majesty's Service for a Time therein limited.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, capable of bearing Arms, or white Women or Children, or pay certain Sums of

Money,

288

290

290

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and to enlarge the Time for the several Parishes of this Island to return the Accounts of Quit-rents, given in, in fuel! Parishes, to the Receiver General; and for authorizing and impowering the Commissioners for crcfting a House or Edifice for the Use of the Council and Assembly, and for the better preserving the Publick Records, and for the Reception of the Small Arms, to purchase Lands and Tenements adjoining the Parade of St. Jago de la Vega, for the Use of the said House or Edifice.

An Act for appropriating the Sum of 68ft6l. 2 s. 11 d. to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications, and other Uses; and for laying a Duty on the Tonnageof Shipping for the Use thereof, and for appointing Commissioners for ordering and infptfting the Works to be performed in and about the same.

Private Acts-

•1748.

An Act for the Encouragement of Archibald Bontein, his Majesty's Engineer of this Island, in his Projections for making Machines or Mills for grinding Sugar-Canes in the said Island.

An Act for Sale of certain Lands, Tenements, and Slaves, at Manchioneal, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, belonging to Thomas Bucher, a Minor, Son and Heir, and residuary Devisee, of Thomas Bucher, late of the said Parish, Planter, deceased, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Thomas Bucher, deceased.

t

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1749. Page,

An Act for the more effectual carrying into Execution a Clause in an Act, intituled,

" An Act for encouraging white People to come over and become Settlers in this Island,

" and for the more easy and speedy settling the North-eafi Part thereof, and for " making Port Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships and Vessels, 293

An Act for amending and rendering snore effectual an Act, intituled, "An Act for " caujtng the Streets, Ways, and Avenues, leading into and out of the Town of St.

" Jago de la Vega, to be clean fed, and for keeping the fame confiantly clean and in

" good Repair," — 295

An Act for the better and snore effectual Encouragement of white Fasnilies to become

2 C)6

Settlers in this IJlasid, and for giving a Bounty to certain Artificers to come over and

exercise their several Trades, - : —

An Act for vesting the Toll heretofore granted to William Peete, by virtue of an Act, intituled, "An Act for isnpowering William Peete to keep the Ferry, and ere ft a " Toll-gate or Turnpike between St. Catherine'^ and St. Andrew's, and taking up " run-away Negroes," in Trustees, for repairing the Roads between Rio Cobre, in the Parish of St. Catherine, 'and Water-house Savannah, in the Parish of St. An-

' drew, and other Purposes therein mentioned, -

'An Act to inflict further and other Punishments on run-away Slaves, and such as shall

entertain them, -

An Act to enable the Dir eft ors of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apofile, to grant certain Lots assd Parcels of the Bath-Land in Fee, and adding Lire ft or s to those already appoisited, and for the rendering the said Bath more useful to the Publick, ——

An Act for a total Remission of several Debts due to the Publick from divers of the new Settlers at Norman's Valley, Manchioneal, and Portland; and for vesting a Lot of Land upon the Bay or Harbour at Manchioneal in each of the Settlers there, for the Convenience of landing, fioring, and shipping their Goods to Market, in Lieu of

other Lets adjacent to the Barracks, -

An Act to appoint proper and certain Days for the Freeholders of the several Parishes within this Island to meet and chuse Vestrymen, and other Parochial Officers, and for protecting Freeholders from Arrefis on the Days of Elect ion of Members to serve in the

Assembly, -

An Act to amend an Act, intituled, "An Act to repeal Part of an Act, intituled, An ‘c Act for the more effectual Punishment of Crimes committed by Slaves, and to oblige " the several Parishes to pay for all Negroes executed in each respective Parish An Act for the building of a Guard-house and Barracks in the Town of Kingston;

An Act to prevent the clandestine killing and marking of Cattle, and for the better Regulation of Hunting, -

Publick Acts expired-----1749.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting for six Months the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Trelawney, Esq; is Colonel; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the 'French, Dutch, and Spanifi) Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for laying aDuty on all Wine, Rum, and other spirituous Liquors retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negroe Towns, and for preventing them from purchasing of Slaves.

An Act for raising Companies in several Negroe Towns,- and encouraging them to reduce rebellious and run-away Slaves.

5 An

300

306

3°7

3°9

311

3l3

3‘4

3*4

W!

24

A TABLE of the

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a Efficient Number of white Men, or white Women, or Children, or pay certain. Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for establishing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts.

An Act for balancing the several Accounts of his Majesty's Old Revenue, and for applying so much of the Surplusage of his Majesty's Old and New Revenue as may be necessary to discharge a certain Sum advanced and paid by the Receiver General to the Use of Parties, heretofore raised for the Reduction of rebellious Negroes.

An Act for the Relief of Minors, and of Persons absent from this Island, in the giving in their Lands and Payment of their Quit-rents; and also for the Relief of Persons who have made Mistakes and Errors in such Givings-in and Payments.

An Act to impower the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; the present Receiver Genera', to retain in his Hands a Commission on the Surplusages of the several Funds, those arising by the Revenue only excepted.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 17^0. Page.

An Act for continuing and explaining an Act, intituled, "An Act for the AJfaying of

" Gold and Silver Wares and Bullion," - 316

An gift for giving the fame Allowance to New-comers, who shall take up and settle Lands within the Parish of Portland, as those New-comers are intitled to who have taken up Lands at or near Manchioneal Harbour, by virtue of an Act, intituled, "An Act for introducing white People into this Island, for fnbfifing them for a certain

" Time, and providing them with Land, that they may become Settlers," 317

An Act to compel all Persons that ship Sugars from this Island to Great Britain, or any foreign Market, to pay Freight for the fame by Weight and to prevent the Owners and Masters of Vessels from agreeing for the Freight of such Sugars in any other

Manner, — - 318

An Act for appointing fiandard Weights to be kept at sundry Places near the Out-ports of this Island; and oblige the Persons keeping such Weights, and the Clerks of the

Market, to prove all Weights by the Standard, at fated Times, 319

An Act for repealing two several Acts, the one intituled, "An Act for the Ease of the " Inhabitants of the Paris!) of St. James," passed in One thousand Seven hundred Thirty-three; and the other, intituled, "An Act for repealing an Act, intituled, An Act for the Ease of the Parish of St. James, and appointing the Place for holding " the Courts of Quarter-Sessions, Common-Pleas, and other publick Business of the

" Parish," passed in One thousand Seven hundred and Thirty-six, 321

An Act for the effectual carrying into Execution an Act, intituled, "An Act for the " laying out a Road from Pepper-Plantation over Mayday-Hills, in the Parish of

" St. Elizabeth, to St. Jago Savannah, in the Paris!) of Clarendon," - 3 21

An Act to establish the Credit of foreign Bills of Exchange, by compelling the Payment of

Interest thereon after Judgment, 322

An Act to make the Copies of Transcripts of Plotts, Plott-Books, and other Records in the Office of the Clerk of the Patents and Regifor in Chancery, valid, legal, and

effectual Records, 322

An Act for the admitting the Evidence of Slaves against Slaves, for Crimes by them committed on the High Seas, 323

An Act to encourage the Breed of good and large Horses, — 324

An Act to impower and oblige the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. John to mend and keep in Repair the Road from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, through the Savannah, to the Foot of the Red Hills leading to Guanaboa, in the Parish of St. John; and to impower and oblige the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, to mend and keep in Repair the Road from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, through the Savannah, to a Place called the Angels, in the Parish of St. Catherine, leading to the said Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale-, andimpowering and obliging the Justices and Vestry of the Paris) of Clarendon to open and repair a Road of Communication from George MaddoxV Plantation, Old Woman's Savannah, in the said Parish of Clarendon, to the Vale of Luidas in the Paris!) o/St. John, - 326

Publick Acts expired — -1750.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum, and other spirituous Liquors, retailed in this Island

and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting for twelve Months the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Trelawney, Esq; is Colonel; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanish Islands; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for appointing John Sharpe, of the Middle Temple, London, Esq; Agent in Great Britain, to solicit the passing of Laws, and other the publick Affairs of this Island; and impowertng certain Members of the Council and Assembly, during the Intervals of Assembly, from time to time, as Occasion shall be, to give Instructions for such his Management.

An

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

25

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, or white Women, or Children, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for laying out, making, and repairing a Road from Chesterfield Plantation, in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, through Mountpellier Plantation, belonging to Francis Sadler Hals, Esq; to the North Sea.

Publick Acts in Force. Passed Anno 1751. Page.

An Aid for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an Act, intituled, " An

" !Ail for settling the Militia,* --

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several

Negroe Towns, and for preventing them from purchasing of Slaves, -

An Act for the better regulating the Probates of Deeds and Conveyances, and Letters of

Attorney, executed off this Island, -

An Act for the Sale of Flour by Weight, -

An Act to impower the Justices and Vestry of the Par iff of St. Thomas in the East, to

allot Negroes for making a Road from the Sea to the Bath, -

An Act to explain and amend Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the more effec-

" ttial directing the Marffais Proceedings, and regulating thereof,* -

An Act to explain Part of an Act, intituled, "An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves, and for inflating further and other Punishments on Persons

" killing Negroes, or other Slaves,* -

An Act for making good and wholsome Provisions for raising and establishing the Credit of this Island, and repealing of an Act, intituled, " A supplemental and explanatory

" Ail A -

An Act for obliging the justices and Vestry of the Parish of St. Mary to make good certain Deficiencies to the Publick, and for altering the Day of eleiling Vestrymen and Churchwardens in the said Pariff, -

Publick Acts repealed or expired - -1751.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting for twelve Months the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Trelav Oney, Esq; is Colonel; and preventing the Exportation of several Commodities into the French, Dutch, and Spanifl) Islands j and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum^ and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for laying a Duty on Tonnage, and applying the same to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications; and for regulating the Duty of Gunpowder payable on Tonnage, by virtue of an Act, Intituled, " An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for the " Support of the Government of this Island, and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and " Laws thereof:*

An Act for chusing the Members of Assembly of this Island by Ballot, and for the more effectual preventing Abuses and indirect Practices in Elections.

An Act for continuing this present Assembly until the 20th Day of December next.

An Act for establishing Commissioners for settling the Publick Accounts.

An Act providing that all the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, shall hold their Offices quant diu fe bene gefferint. r

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, white Women, or Children, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient; and apply the same to several Uses.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Provost Marshal's Proceedings, establishing Priority of Judgments, quieting Possessions of Slaves purchased upon Venditioni, and Limitation upon Bonds, Mortgages, Judgments, and other Securities, and impowering the assistant Judges to sign Writs.

An Act for explaining an Act, intituled, "An Act for the further quieting of Possessions, and " regulating Re-surveys, and establishing reputed Boundaries."

An Act for carrying the Surplusages of several Funds to an aggregate Fund, for paying the Deficiencies of other Funds, and sundry other Demands on the Publick, and for appropriating several Sums of Money out of the said Fund.

An Act appointing Commissioners of Nisi Prius, and enlarging the Jurisdiction of Justices of the Peace in Matters of Debt.

327

332

334

335

335

336

337

338 344 '

Private Acts - 1751*

An Act to intitle Thomas Majeau and Elizabeth Majeau, the reputed Son and Daughter of Peter Majeau, of the Par:ih of St. Mary, in the said Island, Planter, by Mary Canton, a free Indian Woman, to the same Rights and Privileges of Eng/i/Jj Subjects born of white Parents.

An Act for vesting feverafl Tracts and Parcels of Land, situate, lying, and being in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, in the said Island, Part of the Estate of JVilliatn Vassal, of the said Parish, Esq; in Bernart Andreas Woodflock, fohn Morse, William Yecles, Stephen Dennis, John Vassal, and Christopher Senior, and their Heirs, for enabling the said Bernart Andreas Woodflock, John Morse, William Yecles, Stephen Dennis, John Vassal, and Christopher Senior, and their Heirs, to sell and dispose of the fame, for the Preservation of the most profitable Part of his EHate, for the Benefit of his eldest Son and Heir at Law, John Vassal, a Minor, and of such other Person or Persons who shall or may be intitled thereto, upon the Decease of the said John Vassal, or otherwise, under the lad Will and Testament of the said William Vassal; and for applying the Monies arising from the Sale

[ G ] thereof

26

A TABLE of the

thereof towards Payment and Satisfaction of the Quit rents due to his Majesty for the said Lands and of the Incumbrances, Debts, and Legacies affecting the Estate of the said William VaJJul. 5

An Act to augment the Salary of his Excellency Charles Knowles, Esq;

Publick Acts in Forcer Pafied Anno 1752. Page.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, intituled, "An Act to encourage the Breed of good

" and large Horses," - 34$

An Act to impower the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Westmoreland to purchase a Lott or Lotts of Land in or near the Town of Savannah la Mar, and to build a

Court-house thereon, — 1 345

An Act for making Provision for such Persons as may arrive from any of his Majesty's

Sugar Colonies, -- — 3^-7

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, "An Act for the further regulating of the " Service and Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof, and other Purposes " relating to the Service of furors, and rendering the fame a more equal Duty and for a Proof of the Service of Actions at the Suit of the Provost-Marshal, 343

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Sugar, Rum, and Mullaffes, of the Growth of the French, Spanish, Dutch, and Danish Colonies in America, into this If and; and for preventing several Frauds committed by Persons trading to and from the Northern

Colonies, - — 348

An Act to give a Recompence to Persons that shall be unjustly vexed by Writs of

Replevin, 350

An Act for the Relief and better Regulation of the Poor, and to oblige Masters of Ships and other Vessels to indemnify the several Parishes of this Island, against any Charges or Expences for supporting and curing their sick, maimed, infirm, or disabledSeamen, 352 An Act to explain and amend a Clause in an Act, passed in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Fifty-one, intituled, "An Act for making good and wholsome Provi-" fions for raising and establishing the Credit of this Island, and repealing of an Act,

cc intituled, A supplemental and explanatory Act," 333

An Act for adding Trustees to those already appointed for vesting the Estate, real and personal, of Thomas Finch, late of the Parish of Kingston, Esq-, in Trustees, the better to enable his Securities to pay the Sum of Three thousand Eight hundred Pounds, due from the said Thomas Finch, as Commisstouer to the Publick, ---- 35-4

Publick Acts repealed ot expired - -1752.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting for one Year the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Eduard Trelawney, Esq; is Colonel.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum, and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island; and applying the same to several Uses; and for repealing, after the first Day of November, in the present Year of our Lord 1752, an Act, intituled, "An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum, and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several " Uses," passed the 31st Day of October, in the Year of our Lord 1751.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, Women, or Children, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act to oblige the Receiver General to give a larger Security than what is directed by the Revenue Act; and to prevent certain Officers from being Members either of the Council or Assembly of this Island.

An Act for raising Companies in the several Negroe Towns, and encouraging them to reduce rebellious and run-away Slaves.

Private Acts-----1752.

An Act to enable Charles Price, Esq; Speaker of the present Assembly, to take up a sufficient Quantity of Water, to be conveyed from a Brook, called Murmuring Brook, situate at Luidas, in the Parish of St. John, through the Land of divers Persons, to the Plantation of the said Charles Price, called Worthy Park, situate at Luidas, in the said Parish of St. John, for the turning of Mills.

An Act to enable Thomas Hope Eletfon, Esq; to take up a sufficient Quantity of Water, for turning Mills for grinding of Sugar-Canes, out of Hope River, in the Parish of St. Andrew, to convey the fame through the Land of divers Persons to the Plantation of the said Thomas Hope Eletfon, called Hope Plantation, in the said Parish.

An Act for granting to Robert Halhead, of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, Surgeon, the fame Right, Liberties, Franchises, and Immunities, as his Majesty's Liege People do hold and enjoy.

An Act to intitle Anne Berdaw, a free Mullatto Woman, Susanna Nanfan, the Wife of Charles Nan-fan, znTJames Adair, two of the Children of the said Anne Berdaw, to the same Rights and Pii-vileges with English Subjects born of white Parents.

Publick Acts in Force. Pafied Anno 1753.

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests, 355

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, "An Act for the further Regulation of the Ser-" vice and Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof, and other Purposes re-

8 " bating

ACTS of ASSEMBLY.

27

Page.

tc lating to the Service of Jurors., and rendering the fame a more equal Duty; and " for the Proof of the Service of Actions at the Suit of the Provojt-Marshal"- 355

An Act to impower his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor and Commander in Chief for the Time being, to make Grants to New-comers of the One hundred Acres of Land tad out for the JJfe of Parties near the Barrack at or near Manchioneal Harbour, 356

An Act for the more'effectual preventing the evilPraftice of Owners of Slaves hiring out fitch Slaves to themselves, - — »- — - 357

An Act for making a Road for Wheel Carriages from Kingston to the Bath, 357

Publick Acts expired - 1753.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the same to several Uses; for subsisting for one Year the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which his Excellency Edward Tretaiuncy, Esq; is Colonel.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, and other spirituous Liquors, retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

An Act for appropriating and applying several Sums of Money to the Use of the Fortifications at Musquito Point and Rock Fort.

An Act appointing Commissioners to settle the Publick Accounts, and to look into the State of, and count the Cash in the Treasury; and to oblige the Receiver General and Commissioner to keep one general Account of Cnlh.

An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white Men, white Women','or Children, or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and for impowering the Justices and Vestry of the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Hanover to raise, levy, and collect certain Arrearages.

Private A<5h Pa£Ted Anno 1753.

An Act for vesting several Tracis and Parcels of uncultivated Lands, in the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Weshr.ir eland, in the said Island, belonging to the said Parish of St. Elizabeth, in Bernart Andreas Woodstock, John Jl'Frfe, Ik'ashl Brifcoe, George Raxtead, Francis Smith, and Joseph Arm-Jlreng, Esqrs. and their Heirs, for enabling the said Barnart Andreas Woodstock, John Morse$ JVaji I BrijCoe, George Raxtead, Francis Smith, and Joseph Armstrong, and their Heirs, to sell and dispose of the fame, for the Use and Benefit of the said Parish of St. Elizabeth, and for the Improvement of the Lands belonging to the Parsonage there, and for Payment of the Quit-rents due to his Majesty from the said Lands.

Publick Acts expired. Pasted Anno 1754.

An Act for raising several Sums of Money, and applying the sanae to several Uses; for subsisting for one Year the Officers and Soldiers of the Regiment of Foot, of which George JValJh, Esq; is Colo nr-1.

An Act for laying a Duty on all Wines, Rum, and other spirituous Liquors retailed within this Island, and applying the same to several Uses.

f Vv\ - % / \

Jk \ •$• 0 0 0 •$• X $ & $*)&•$• ,<£ 5s>' & 38C *$* & y* f.

. t

THE

L

A W S

O F

JAMAICA.

2*

y^5? appointing the Number of the Assembly.

i68r.

% £3b % & E it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assem- Act B j^| bly; and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That

x.

fa in every Assembly hereafter to be called by his Majesty's Writs, and - held within this Island, there be chosen Three Representatives for the Parish of Saint Catherine s, the like Number for the Parish of Port-Royal, and Two for eadh other of the respective Parishes that now are, or hereafter shall be in this Island; and that the Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, give to every Person elected, within Ten Days after hie Election, Notice that he is so elected.

II. Provided always, That every Person elected shall be a Freeholder in this Provite-Island; and that none have Right to vote in any Fleftion, but those that are Freeholders in the same Parish where the Election is to be made.

An Act for regulating Servants.

BE it enabled and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly; and Act 2* it is hereby enacted andordainied by the Authority of the same, That all and every Matter or Mistress of Slaves, for the first Five working Slaves, shall be obliged to keep One white Man-servant, Overseer or hired Man, for Three ' Months at least; and if the Number increase toTen, Two; and for every Ten after the first. One, to be resident in the Plantation where the Negroes are employed: And if any shall be wanting, for the Space of Six Months, of the Proportion aforesaid, he, she, or they, for every Servant so wanting, shall forfeit Five Pounds to the Use of the Parish where such Default shall be made; to be recovered by the Church-wardens, by Aftien of Debt in any Court of Re- cord in this Island*

VOL. I. A II. AA»

68 r

II. And it is further enabled and Ordained by the Authority afor. fa:d, Titat> all. Matters, Miftsd'Cvor O verifiers of Slaves, who shall not truly inform die

to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information inany Court or Record withm this Island, where no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; one third of which Penalty ih dl be to our Sovereign Lord die King, his Hers and Succeil ns, for and towards the Suopojrt of the G wernimntoi this tflaui, and the contingent Charges thereof; one Third to the C'.urch-wardens of the farhh where the Offence In.ill be committed, for the Use of f- id Parish; and the other Third to the Informer, or he that shall sue for the lame.

III. And whatever Constable or Constables shall neglect hh or their D itv

i o

herein, by not demandingan Account every Six Months, and returning the lame mi to then u dices fitting at the next Quarter-feffi on 6 of that Precin&y which they are hereby required to do, shall, for eve y such Default, forfeit the like Bum of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered and applied in Manner and Foim

a i1 e i a id*

IV. T:i a t all Servants flnall have according to th ei r Con fn:dt and Indenture j and where iherejs Con trade-or Indenture, Servants under Eighteen Yens of Age, at their An rival in this HI and, ft; all serve seven Years; and above Eight eeiV VCarsof Age, shallferveFour Years; AndallconvidtedFelons, for tli'e Timeof their Banishment, and at the Expiration of their Times aforesaid, shall recei.e from their last Matter, Mistress, or Employer, Forty Shillings, andaCertificare of their Freedom upon Demand; and whosoever shall refule, without just C u to^give, such Certificate to Servant, '"Artificer or Labourer*" whole Time.is i'S' expired, or Contract pertormed, shall forfeit Forty shillings for every such Refusal.

Penalty on V. And whosoever shall employ any .free Person without a Certificate from £/"p °;c" i last Employer, ,ol the Performance of his or their Lift Bargain or Con.n-dl, shall forfeit Ten Pounds. V '

pera,t on VI. That no Personor PeYons presume to trade wit^nny Servant or lave r iraJin Vvv:ih without the Maftex or Miftt'efs'sConfent, on Pendtyof forfei t,ing t > the Master

Slaves with j_or Mistress of such Servant or Slave treble the Value of the Tmpgs traded icr, rheiV owntm °\ fold, and also Ten Pounds current Money of^ this Island; to be‘re-

covered by such Matter or Mistress, byA&ionof Debtinany Court of Record: And all C entrants made with Servants or blavcs'to be utterh void.

Employer

t,a liA'r without any Wages T welve Months, by Order of any Justice of the Peace, on

Owner?, rV J J

Conviction.

rs.'.rc. , ? . VIII. That by the like Order and Conviction, any Overseer or Artificer,

s.jv inter9dec• j i % j cl f f c,

wailing his hired Labourer'or Servant, that mail imbezil, purloin, make away, or waste Lrap.oyer's any Gf his or her Employers Money, Goods, or Chattels, not exceeding the «iakPsr.tif- Value of Forty Shilllings, shall serve, or make Satisfaction, according to the i a o.i ?.c- Discretion of any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and if above the Sr&ISe. Value of Forty' Shillings, to serve Two Years by the like Order without any ticnef a Juf-Wages, andbefurthei liable in case that Time will not satisfy; and if any such Person as aforesaid shall imbezil, purloin, or make away any money, Goods or OIL fries of any ethers than their Matters, Mistresses, or Employers, they shall incur the lame Penalty, and serve the Party injured as aforesaid, after their Time expired with their Matters or Mistreftes.

Penalty on IXv And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Freeman

of this island shall at an}*Time hereafter beget a Woman Servant with Child, he shall-(‘upon due Proof thereof made,5 which Proof shall be by the Oath of the, laid Womai\, as in other Cases of-Bastardy) give good Security to save the parish harmless; and as a further Punishment for his Offence,-and for and towards Satisfaction of th e Matter or Mistrefisof such Servant,shall forfeitandpay

unt»

tice.

the Pati.ers nn ! Mothers of Dhard Ciuk.ren.

Act 2.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

3

unto the said Master or Mistress the full Sum of Twenty Pounds current Money of 1681. this Island and shall likewise provide for the Maintenance of the said Servant uJ and Child; and in case of Failure herein, shall serve the Master or Mistress of such Servant double the Time that she had to serve at the Time of the Offence committed, or shall procure one in his or their Stead that shall be obliged so to do; and in case one Servant shall beget another with Child, then, the Man-servant shall, after the Expiration of his Term, serve the Master or Mistress of the Woman-servant double the Time she had to serve at the Time of the Offence committed.

X. That any Man-servant marrying without the Master's or Mistress's Con- and on Men-

sent, shall serve Two Years for such Offence; but if any Freeman shall marry a ry^without Servant, he shall be liable to pay the Master or Mistress Twenty Pounds, and she Owners Con-shall be free. sent>

XI. That all Suits between Servants and their Masters or Mistresses, relating Suits between to their Freedom, shall be heard and determined by any two Justices of the fjJe^o^ner* Peace, without any Appeal; and if any Servants absent themselves from their to be deter-Master's or Mistress's Service without Leave, or a Ticket from their Master, Mif- mined byTwo tress, or Overseer, shall, for every such Day's Absence, serve one Week, and ftr

in proportion fora longer or shorter Time; the whole Punishment not to exceed Three Years.

XII. That if any Person shall turn away any sick or infirm Servant, under Penalty on Pretence of Freedom or otherwise, and such Servant shall die for want of Re- ^Wawaytheir lief, or become chargeable to any Parish; the Offender shall forfeit Twenty slaves when Pounds of current Money of this Island, to the Use of the Parish where fuchflck>

Death or Charge shall happen; to be recovered by the Church-wardens, by Action of Debt in any Court of Record, unless the Party offending shall pay the same, and also receive the said Servant, if living, and him maintain during the whole Time the said Servant had to serve; but if any Servant through wilful Misbehaviour shall happen to have the French Pox, Taws, or any other Disease, broken Bones, Bruises, Sickness, Impediment, or Imprisonment, he or she shall serve their Masters or Mistresses double the Time thereby neglected; and also for all Charges occasioned by reason thereof, at Ten Shillings per Month, after their Time by Indenture or otherwise be expired; and also Masters or Mistresses of Servants, who shall receive unjust Molestation by Complaints or Suits of Law, shall have the fame Remedy for their Expences and Loss of Time.

XIII. That no Servant be whipped naked without Order of a Justice of Peace, Clause to pre*

upon Penalty of Five Pounds j to be recovered by the Party injured, by Action^P* Sla^s of Debt in any Court of Record. ped naked.

XIV. And whosoever shall not give to each White Servant weekly Four Slaves Provi-Pounds of good Flesh, or Four Pounds of good Fish, together with such con- r‘on-venient Plantation Provision as may be sufficient, shall forfeit to the Party injured

Ten Shillings for each Offence.

XV. And whosoever shall not yearly give to each Servant-man Three Shirts, Theircioath-Three Pair of Drawers, Three Pair of Shoes, Three Pair of Stockings, and OneinS-

Hat or Cap. and to the Women proportion ably, shall forfeit to the Party injured Forty Shillings.

XVI. That no Master, Mistress, or Overseer, shall cause or suffer any Chris-No Servant to tian Servant to be buried or interred, until the Body of such Servant shall be so^hi^Bo^y viewed by a Justice of the Peace, Constable,- or Tythingman, or by Two such is viewed. Neighbours as the said Justice, Constable, or Tythingman shall choose and appoint; on Penalty of Twenty Pounds, current Money of this Island, unless such Person died Ten Miles from the Dwelling of a Justice, Constable, or Tythingman, and hath been viewed by Two of the next Neighbours, and in Default of Neighbours, by two of the fame Family; or that the said Justice, Constable, Tythingman, or Neighbours, have not, within Six'Hours after Notice given, come to view the dead Body; and whosoever, upon Notice given, and Request made, to view such Dead, and shall not, within Four Hours after such Notice, repair to the View, or on the View finding any suspicious Tokens of the Body's unlawful Death, shall not forthwith give Notice to the Coroner, or in Default of

a Co-

4

Act 2.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

168 t.

Penalty on

knowingly

entertaining

another's

Servant.

Penalty on carrying another's Goods on his Employer's Cat-tie, (S'c.

and on Con-liable neg-ledting to apprehend Runaways. Reward for taking them.

Marshal's

Fees.

Penalty on him if they escape.

Act to be read once a Year.

Forfeitures how to be disposed of.

a Coroner of that Parish, to the next Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit Ten Pounds -} which Justice, in such Cases, is hereby impowered to act as Coroner.

XVII. That whosoever shall entertain a Servant, knowing the same to be so, shall forfeit for every Day and Night after the first, Five Pounds; and not knowing him to be a Servant, Twenty Shillings for every Day and Night after the first; so that the whole exceed not treble the Value of the Servant's Time remaining to be served with the Matter or Mistress: Provided, that this Clause extend not to Servants by Contraft made in this island, but such as are attested by a Justice of the Peace; nor to such as entertain any that bring a Certificate of their Freedom, attested under the Name of a Justice of Peace, tho' the fame be false and forged; or for any other Person, whoseName the Bringer personateth; but such Forger, Falfifier, Personator, or Bringer, and every one of them, shall be set in the Pillory, and lose his Ears, on Conviction thereof in the Supreme Court of Judicature; but whosoever shall entertain a Servant any Time, if the said Servant shall be drunk, trade, or game during the said Time, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings; the one Flalf to the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Half to the Informer; to be levied by a Warrant from any Justice of the Peace.

XVIII. An d also if a Servant, or hired Labourer, shall be guilty of hiding or entertaining any Person's Servant or Slave, he shall forfeit one Year's Service to the Matter or Mistress of such Servant or Slave, or receive Thirty-nine Lashes on the naked Back, at the Election of the Party injured; to be ordered by any Justice of the Peace to any Constable in the Precincts.

XIX. That no Person shall ride, load, or carry on his Employer's Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, (or willingly suffer the same to be done) any Goods or Thing whatsoever, other than the Master's or Mistress's, without such Matter or Mistress's Consent, on Penalty of Three Months Service for each and every such Default.

XX. And all Constables and Tythingmen are to be diligent in apprehending and searching for Runaways, on Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Neglect.

XXI. And upon the apprehending of Runaways, if the Master or Mistress be known, the Servant shall be carried to the Master's or Mistress's nearest Home, on Penalty of Forty Shillings; if not known, to the next common Gaol, and the Bringer to receive of Master, Mistress, or Gaoler, Eight-Pence per Mile, so as the whole exceed not Forty Shillings; which said Gaoler is hereby impowered and commanded to receive such Runaway or Runaways, and to pay unto the Bringer Eight-Pence per Mile, as aforesaid, for every such Runaway so brought to him, on Penalty of Forty Shillings.

XXII. And that it shall and may be lawful for the Marshal to detain and keep in Custody the Bodies of all such Runaways so brought unto him, until the Master or Mistress of them, or their Assigns, shall pay unto him the full Sum of what he hath so paid for them, with Two Shillings Six-Pence per Pound for laying out the Money, and so proportionably; and also Six-Pence for every Twenty-four Hours the said Runaway hath been in his Custody.

XXIII. And if the said Marshal shall suffer any Runaway so brought to him to escape before he be duly delivered to his Master or Mistress, or his or her Assigns, that then the said Marshal shall pay unto the Master or Mistress of the said Runaway, so much as he shall be condemned in by the Verdict of a Jury at Common Law: Also any one may take up any suspected Persons, and carry him or her to any Justice to be examined.

XXIV. That the Captain, or any other Commission Officer, shall, at the Head of every respective Company and Troop, publish, or cause to be published, this present Act once every Twelve Months, under the Penalty of Five Pounds.

XXV. Provided also, That the several Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, before mentioned in this Act, and not declared where they shall be recovered, and howdisposed of, be one Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this island, and contingent Charges thereof, the other to the Informer; to be recovered by

Action

s

Act 2, 3. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Action of Debt, (if not exceeding Forty Shillings) as all Penalties of Service, 1681.

before any Justice of the Peace; and if above Forty Shillings, and not for Ser- '- —

vice, in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further provided, That no Person or Persons shall be sued, limitation of molested, or troubled, for any Fine or Forfeiture against this present Act, unless81'13, the Party so offending shall be sued, or impleaded for the fame, within Two Years at" the most after the said Offence shall be committed.

An Act for the Highways.

F^OR the better amending and keeping clear the common Highways, and Act 3.

known broad Paths within this Island, leading to Church and Market, and for laying out new Highways, and turning old Highways, where it shall be needful, be it enacted and ordained by the Governor and Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Vestry of each Parish, or the major Part of them, shall, on every third Monday By whom Sarin January, before Noon, at their Parish Church, or other convenient Place, ^>c°j0Sf^e^i° cliufe Four or more Freeholders, each seised of at leaf! Thirty Acres Freehold, in Right of himself or Wife, to be Surveyors for the Year ensuing; if the Vestry neglects, each Person absent or negligent shall forfeit Forty Shillings, and the Justices, at their next Sessions being informed thereof, shall appoint Four or more such Surveyors as aforesaid; every Person so chosen or appointed, shall, within Ten Days, (due Notice being given him by the Clerk of the Vestry) procure himself to be sworn before some Jufficein the said Parish, diligently and faithfully to perform the said Office for the Year ensuing, and give a just Account to the Justices and Vestry (if required) of what he shall receive, pay, or do, by virtue of his Office, on Penalty of Ten Pounds Sterling.

II. That the Surveyors being sworn, as aforesaid, shall, within sixteen Days their Duty, after their having viewed and considered the Highways and Bridges, inform thetv-Justices and Vestry of the Defeats, Wants, and Alterations needful in the fame, to the End (as they are hereby impowered) the said Justices and Vestry may lay a Tax of such Money, Labour, or other Things, as to them shall seem convenient and necessary; which, if the Justices and Vestry shall not do before the last Day of February in each Year, then such Surveyor shall make such Tax in Writing, which being confirmed by any Two Justices in the said Parish, shall stand good till some Complaint be made at the Quarter Sessions in that Parish, and the Justices then and there to confirm or alter the fame, without Appeal from thence.

III. That the Highways be sixty Foot wide in {landing Wood, forty Foot Dimensions of where the Wood is only on one Side, and twenty-four Foot in open Ground ^the Highwaj-s, and that the Surveyors have Power to cut down, dig up, or remove, as well all Sorts of Trees, Bushes, Prickle, Fences, Rails, Gates, or Inclosures, or other Thing or Things, as may any ways straiten, hurt, hinder, or incommode the Highways; as also to dig for Stone or Gravel, Clay, Marl, Sand, or Earth, in any Land not planted or inclosed, as Yard or Garden to a House, or to press any Cart, Carriage, Workman, or other Thing, fit to be employed in the Highways, for such reasonable Satisfaction to the Parties concerned as such Surveyor can agree for; and in case of Disagreement, such as the next or any Justice in the Parish shall appoint.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That where Gates are or shall be erected, of atException. leaf! Ten Foot between Poll: and Poll, or the Highway straitened, by Inclosure on both Sides, but the Way so well kept by Causeway or otherwise, that two Carriages may meet and pass each other, and the Ground as firm as is necessary, then the said Surveyors shall forbear to pull down or remove such Gates or P'ences; any thing herein seeming to the contrary notwithstanding : But if any Person shall again erect or cause any Nusance in the Highways, which was by the Surveyor removed, for such Offence he or they shall forfeit Five Pounds.

B V.

6

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 3, 4.

1681. V. And in case where a new Path or Road is wanting, or where old Ways

- 1 may, with more Conveniency, be turned or altered, or where to some Plantation or Plantations no Highways are yet laid out, to lead them into the high Roads which go towards the Market or Church, or to any convenient Harbour or Landing-place, fitting for receiving ashore or shipping off any Goods; upon Justice to or- Notice thereof given to any Justice of the Peace, he shall, on Request, issue his wVmnmon a Warrant to the next Constable in the said Parish, to summon a Jury to meet at Jury to view forae convenient Place and Day therein to be mentioned, to view and lay out, or Pafhs^f1 a^ter •^>at^s 01 R°acts J which said Justice is hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the said Jury, that, according to the best of their Skills and Judgments, and with most Conveniency to the Public, and least Prejudice or Damage to any particular Person, they will lay out such Way; which having done, the Surveyor is to make Return thereof to the Justices at the next Quarter Sessions of the Parish where the fame Way is, as well under his own, as the Hand of the Jurors, by whose Oath the fame is laid out, to the end the fame may be there filed and recorded, and after known for a public Highway : And if the said Surveyor shall neglect his Duty therein, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds. Vestry may

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Vestry, with Consent of the Juf-agreewithPer-tices may agree for Two Years with particular Persons for their Parts and Pro-

Ions for z Years jo a

forwhatWork portion of the Ways by them to be cleared, as also with the Surveyors, what they are to do. Part of the Parish they shall look after j and such Agreements shall discharge the Parties from other Duties than what is agreed for, as also the Surveyor from looking after any other Part than what is allotted him; and such Justices and Vestrymen are to record all their Doings, touching the Ways, in the Vestry Book; which. Record in all Places shall be deemed good Evidence.

VII. And the said Surveyors may respectively issue their Warrants to the Constable or Tythingmen, to warn in Workers, or to levy Money, according to the Tax or Rate made as aforesaid; and whosoever shall fail to fend in his Proportion tion of Work-of Workers, with such Tools as shall be convenient, shall for every Head pay Three Shillings per Day, upon Conviction; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace by the Surveyor, and on Justice

VIII. And if any Justice neglect his Duty touching the Premises, or any neglecting his Part thereof, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds; and every Vestryman, Surveyor, Con-I)uty‘ stable, Tythingman, Juror, or Clerk of the Vestry, who shall neglect his or their Duty, where no Penalty is before set, shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds for each Offence.

Disposition of IX. All which said Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the Highways; and, Forfeitures, if not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Action of Debt before any Justice of the Peace; if above Forty Shillings, in any Court of Record, where no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Penalty on Persons not fending in their Propor

An Act appointing the Prices of Meat.

Act 4. 13E it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it

f A is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons, upon any Pretence whatsoever, shall presume to ask, demand, and receive for Prices of Pro-fresh Beef, Mutton, or Goat, any more, greater or higher Rate or Price than visions. hereafter is mentioned, viz. For fresh Beef or Goat, Four-Pence per Pound; and Mutton, Six-Pence; to be weighed without the Heads, Entrails, or Feet; and that the Supt be sold at no higher Rates than the Meats aforesaid, under Penalty of forfeiting Twenty Pounds, current Money of this island, for every time they shall take, ask, or receive any higher Price : And if any Person or Persons shall refuse to fell any Beef, Mutton, or Goat by Weight, he or they, for every such Offence, shall forfeit Twenty Pounds, current Money of this island.

Penalty on

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person ftfoying^Tur whatsoever that shall destroy any Turtle Nests, or take away any of the Eggs thereto Nests or of, upon any Bay or Place within this island, where the Turtle shall lay, Fhall for-Eggs* feit Forty Shillings, current Money of this island, or receive so many Lashes on the bare Back as any Justice shall order, not exceeding Nine and Thirty, for every such Offence. III. The

Act 4, 5.

7

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

III. The one Third Part of all the aforesaid penal Sums of Money shall be 1681.

to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Sucessors, for and towards the -

Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; Application of one Third to the Church-wardens, for the Use of the Parish; the other Third ^clial to the Informer; to be recovered in any Court of Record within this Bland, by c r'5'

Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed.

An Act agat7ifl Blasphemy; and for preventing D if orders in Ale-houses, Taverns, and ViElu ailing-Houses.

BE it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and Act 5.

it is enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever in this Island be enabled to have and receive any Licence NoLicencesto or Licences from the Governor for the Time being, to retail any Strong Liquors, peCjifnrgL-eduo°3 unless they bring yearly Certificates under the Hands of Two of the Justices of without Secu-the Peace, living in the fame Precincts where the same Person keeps, or intends Tj:Y siven ,to to set up his House of Entertainment; and have also given good Security in the 0urde‘rs °a f Secretary's Office of One Hundred Pounds, that he shall suffer no Disorders to House, &c. be committed in his said House, or any Thing there done contrary to the Laws of England, or of this Bland.

II. And that no Persons, whatsoever presume to fell Rum, or Ru?n-Punch, or any other Mixture of Rum, without Licence first obtained from the Justices in Sessions, and Security given to the Clerk of the Peace of the said Precincts, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

III. Provjded always, and it is hereby further enacted and ordained, That Penal 7 on whatsoever Person, so licensed as aforesaid, Fhall entertain or receive any one in PCmi,m"2. their Houses to tipple or drink in the Time of Divine WorJJjip, or Service, shall Time of Bi-forfeit Twenty Shillings for every such Offence; and the Person or Persons there vine Service, so found, shall pay each of them Five Shillings; both which Forfeitures shall be levied by Distress, by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace within this Bland.

IV. And whosoever shall, by public and open Profaneness or Blasphemy, dif- and on B'af-honour Almighty God, and be thereof duly convicted in the supreme Court of Phemin2> Judicature, shall be fined Twenty Pounds, current Money of this Bland, or more, at the Discretion of the Court, for every such Offence; and that such as are either Servants, or not worth so much, shall be liable to such corporal Punish-mentas the Judges shall think meet, Loss of Life and Limb only excepted.

V. And it is farther enacted, That if any of the said Persons so having received a id common Licences as aforesaid, shall keep or suffer any common Gaming in their Houses, GaminS> &c-they shall forfeit Ten Pounds current Money of this Bland : and whosoever shall by false Dice, or other Fraud or Deceit, win any Money or other Things, shall forfeit treble the Value thereof, being convicted by Verdict, Confession, or otherwise; and that no Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, won at any Game, or betting on the Side of any, shall be recoverable; and all Bonds, Contracts, and Securities whatsoever, for above the Sum aforesaid, won as aforesaid, shall be void.

VI. Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained, shall be deemed Rum Makers or construed to hinder or abridge any Maker of Rum} but that by himself, Servants, or others, he may vend and sell the same pure and unmixed; any Thing in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided also, that the aforesaid Penalties, mentioned in this Act, and Penalties how not declared where they shall be recovered, or how disposed of, be one Half to tof be dlfPofed our Sovereign Lord the King, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other to the Informer, who shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Bland, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

An

8

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 6.

1681. An Act importer ing fujlices of the Peace to decide Differences not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Act 6. \\ WHEREAS many Inconveniencies may arise unto the Inhabitants of this

W Island, by being vexed and troubled with Suits at Law for small and trivial Injuries, Debts, and Trespasses, wherein the accustomary Fees and Charges usually exceed the original Debt and Damages; for Prevention whereof, be it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That all Manner of Debts, Trespasses, and other Matters, not exceeding the Value of Forty Shillings, Debt?, £sV. wherein Titles of Lands are not concerned, shall and may be heard, adjudged, not exceeding ancJ determined by any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of this Eland, with-determinedby^11 t^e*r respective Precincts, without Appeal j which said Justices are hereby the Jaflices. required, upon Complaint made, to grant a Warrant or Summons against the Person complained of, thereby requiring him to appear and answer the said Complaint} and in case of Non-appearance, to issue out a Warrant of Contempt, directed to the Constable, to bring the Contemnor before him, as well to answer the said Contempt as the Plaintiff's Action; and may, if he fee Cause, fine the Contemnor, provided the said Fine exceed not Ten Shillings, to be for the Use of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed} and after Judgment given in either Cafe, may grant a Warrant of Distress, directed to the Constable, to levy the said Fine, Debt, Damages, and Charges upon the Defendant's Goods and Chattels, who by virtue thereof, shall expose the same to Sale, returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Defendant } and for want of such Distress, to take the Defendant's Body into Custody, and him carry and convey to the common Gaol of the Precincts, there to remain till he shall have satisfied the said Debt and Charges.

The Fees of

II. And it shall be lawful for the Justice of Peace to receive for each Warrant and Constable One Shilling and Three-Pence, and no more; and for the Constable for serving of each Warrant, the like Sum, together with Sixpence for each Mile he shall be compelled to travel in Execution of the Premisses, provided the whole exceed not Five Shillings} and the Justice is hereby required to keep a Record of all such Proceedings, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings} the one Half to be for the Poor of the Parish, and the other Half to the Informer} to be recovered as aforesaid.

III. And whereas the Uncertainty of the Expiration of Laws, heretofore made for the better Government of this his Majesty's Eland, may hereafter create some Doubts and Disputes concerning the Validity of the several Judgments made and given by the several Judges and Justices of the Peace within this Island, as also all the Proceedings of the Military Officers upon the fame; for Prevention whereof, be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That oMu^mentsan<^ every Judgment or Judgments made or given by any of the Judges or formerly gi- Justices of the Peace within this his Majesty's Island, upon or by virtue of any ren, {2V. of the aforesaid Laws, and all other Proceedings whatsoever, and all and every Act or Acts, Thing or Things, done or acted thereupon, are hereby ratified, confirmed, and adjudged valid and lawful, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever } and all and every Judge and Judges of the several Courts, the several Justices of the Peace, the Military Officers, and all other Persons whatsoever within this his Majesty's Island, that have any ways acted by or under the Authority of the aforesaid Laws, or any of them, are hereby for ever saved and kept harmless, and indemnified against all manner of Persons whatsoever} and if any Person shall be sued, or any ways molested by reason thereof, it shall be lawful for him or them so sued or molested to plead the general Issue, and give this Act in Evidence} any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An

Acr 7, 8. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

9

An Act rating Liquors sold by Re tale. 1681.

BE it enacted and ordained, by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and act y.

it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after Publication hereof, that all Vinters and Tavern-keepers, or any other Person or Persons, who do, or shall utter or fell, by way of Retale, Madeira Wines, or Brandy, and shall presume by any Means, directly or indirectly, to take or receive above the Rates hereafter mentioned for the aforesaid Liquors, viz. For Madeira Wine, Fifteen-Pence the Quart; and Brandy, Two p sofMa Shillings and six Pence the Quart, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser deiraWine ' Quantity, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence; to and Brandy, be levied by Warrant from any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Pre-cinds where the Faults is committed, on the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons so offending; the one Half of which Forfeiture shall be to the Church-wardens, for the Use of the Parish, the other to the Informer; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for the refraining and punishing Privateers and Pirates. Act 8.

WHEREAS nothing can more contribute to his Sacred Majesty's Honour, than that such Articles as are concluded and agreed on in all Treaties of Peace, should by all his Majesty's Subjects, according to their Duty, be mod: inviolably preserved and kept in and over all his Majesty's Dominions and Territories; and whereas, not only against such Treaties of Peace made by his Majesty with his Allies, but also contrary to his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, several of his Subjects have, and do continually‘go off from this his Majesty's IftandofyrfWtffftfintoforeignPrincesServices, and fail under their Commissions, contrary to their Duty and good Allegiance, and by fair Means cannot be retrained from so doing; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That from and afterPublication hereof, it shall be Felony for any Person which now Punishmen: doth, or within four Years last past heretofore hath, or hereafter shall inhabit or fefrv belong to this Iflaod, to serve in America, in an hostile Manner, under any so- any foreign reign Prince, State, or Potentate, or any employed under any of them against: ^t®n^thout any other foreign Prince, State, or Potentate, in AmPy with his Majesty of Great Britain, without special Licence for so doing, under the Hand and ^'eal of the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for rheTime being; and that all and every such Offender or Offenders, contrary to the true Intent of this Act, being thereof duly convicted in his Majesty s supreme Court of Judicature within this Island, to which Court Authority is hereby given to hear and determine the fame, as other Cales of Felony, shall suffer Pains of Death, without Benefit of the Clergy.

II. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, nor any Thing therein con-Exception, tained, shall extend to any Person or Persons which noware, erhave been, in the Service or Employment of any foreign Prince, State, or Potentate whatsoever, that shall return to this Island, and leave and desert such Service and Employment before the First Day of January next ensuing, rendering themselves to the Governor or Commander in chief for the Time being, and give him such Security as he shall appoint for their future ,good Behaviour; and also, that they shall not depart this Island without the Governor's Ticket.

III. And for the better and mores peedy Execution of Justice upon such who having committed Treason, Piracies, Felonies, and other Offences upon the Sea, shall be apprehended in, or brought Prisoners to this Island, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Treasons, Felonies, Piracies, Robberies,

Murders, or Confederacies committed, or that hereafter shall be committed upon shall the Sea, or in any Haven, Creek, or Bay, where the Admiral hath Jurisdiction, be punished.

shall be enquired, tried, heard, determined, and judged within this Island, in

such like Form, as if such Offence had been committed in and upon the Land;

and to that end and purpose Commissions shall be had under the King's Great

Seal of this Island, directed, to the judge or Judges of the Admiral ,y of this Island for the Time being, and to such other substantial Persons, as by his Ma-

C jesty's

IO

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 8.

1681 jesty's Governor or Commanderin Chief of this Island for the Time being shall

- be named or appointed} which said Commissioners, or such a Quorum of them

as by such Commission shall be thereunto authorized, shall have full Power o do all Things inand about the Enquiry, Hearing, Determining, Adjudging, and Punishing of any of the Crimes and Offences aforesaid, as any Commissioners to be appointed by Commission under the Great Seal oi England, by virtue of a Statu remade in the twenty-eighth year of the Reign of King Henry, the Eighth, are impowered to do and execute within the Kingdom of England-, and that the said Offenders, which are or shall be apprehended in, or brought Prisoners to this Island, shall be liable to such Order, Process, Judgments and Execution, by Virtue of such Commissionto begrounded upon this Act, as might be awarded or given against them, if they were proceeded against within the Realm of England, by virtue of any Commission grounded upon the said Statute. ancUilform- JV. And all Trials heretofore had against such Criminal or Criminals before upon them any Judge or Judges, by virtue of such Commission or Authority at any Time «re hereby heretoforegranted, and all Proceedings thereupon, are hereby ratified, confirmed confirmed. ancj acjju(jgt(l lawful; and all such Judges^ with all and every the inferior Officers that have acted thereb), are hereby indemnified to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and in case they, or any of them, shall at any Time hereafter be sued, vexed, molested, or doubled for any such their Proceedings as aforesaid, he or they so sued, vexed, or molested, shall plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons that shall any way knowingly entertain, harbour, conceal. Trade, or hold any Correspondence by Letter or otherwise with any Person or Persons, that shall be deemed or adjudged to be Privateers, Pirates, or other Offenders within the construction of this Act, and that shall not readily endeavour to the best of his or their Power to apprehend or cause to be apprehended such Offender or Offenders shall be liable to be prosecuted as Accessaries and Confederates, and to suffer such Pains and Penalties as in such Case by Law is provided; and for the better and more effectual Execution of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commission-Officers, in their several Precincts within this Island, are Officers^are" hereby required and impowered, upon his or their Knowledge, or Notice to apprehend given, that any Privateers, Pirates, or other Persons suspected to be upon any Pirates, &c. unlawful Design, are in any Place within their respective Precincts, to raise and levy such a Number of well-armed Men, as he or they shall think needful, for the seizing, apprehending, and carrying to Goal all and every such Person or Persons; and in,case of any Refinance or Refusalto yield Obedience to his Majesty's Authority, it shall be lawful to kill or destroy such Person or Persons; and all and every Person or Persons that shall oppose or refiff, by striking or firingupon any of the commanded Parties, shall bedeemed, taken, and adjudged as Felons, without Benefit of the Clergy; and every such Officer that shall omit or neglect his Duty herein, shall foreit Fifty Pounds, Penalty on curre(1t Money of this Island, for every such Offence; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efifoign, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer; and all and every Person or Persons that, upon Orders given him or them, shall re-fufeto repair immediately with his or their Arms well fixed, and Ammunition to such Place or Places as shall be appointed by the said Officer and not readily obey his Commands in the Execution of the PremifTes, shall be liable to such Fine, or coporal Punishment, as by a Regimental Court-Martial shall be thought fit.

Governors. VI. PROVIDED further. That the Governor's Assent to the passing of this Anno^to Sor any other Act, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to the deter-

determine mining of this present Sessions of the Assembly.

thisAflembly

Act 9.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

11

An Act for preventing Damages in Plantations^ preservijig of i68r. Cattle, and regulating Hunting.

BE it enacted by the Covernor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby en-Act 9* aefted by the Authority of the same, That all Plantations bounding on Savannas, Highways, Watering-places, and all Pastures made out of Wood-land,JIow shall make sufficient Fences; which sufficient Fences shall be judged by Oath of fenced in, C Three Freeholders before any One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; which said Freeholders shall be chosen, one by the Party grieved, the other by the Owner of the Cattle, and the other by the Justice of the Peace; and if either of them do not appear, or refuse to make their Choice, that then in such Case the Justice shall name Two; and what Damage shall be done by any Stock in any Plantation and the Own-so fenced as aforesaid, the said Damage to be appraised upon the Oath of the said f^fied^if Freeholders, and the Owners of the said Stock shall pay double the Damage so Cattle break committed or done by their Cattle, Proof being made appear by the Oath of oneint0 them‘ or more; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, if not exceeding Forty Shillings; if above, in any Court of Record by Action of Debt.

II. And it is further enabled and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That no Penalty on Person or Persons whatsoever shall kill or destroy any Cattle, Horse, Mare, Mule, Caule,* or Afinego; but he, she, or they, who shall kill or destroy any of the aforementioned Stock, shall forfeit for each they shall kill or destroy the Sum of Fifteen Pounds current Money; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Re* cord within this Island, by the Owner or Proprietor of the said Beast.

III. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners of Neat The Number Cattle shall keep one White Man at each respective Pen; and at all Pens where- vlnmobe"" unto belong above Two hundred Cattle, the Owner of such Pen shall keep Two keptbyOwn-White Men, upon Pain of forfeiting Ten Pounds for every White Man that shall °^Neac be wanting, as before, for the Space of Three Months; to be recovered in any Court of Record by Action of Debt; the one Half to the Parish, for the Use of the Poor; the other Moiety to the Informer, or him that sues for the same.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons and Penalty on Owners of Cattle that shall fail to pen their Cattle once in Three Nights, at the peeing "their least, that all such Cattle doing Damages, shall pay double the Damage; to be Cattle once in recovered as aforesaid. three Nights.

V. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Strays of any To whom Sort of Cattle, wherever they shall be found and taken up, shall belong to the Pro- belong prietor of the Ground where they are accustomed to feed, provided the said Pro- if not claimed prietor cause the said Stray or Strays to be cried by the common Cryer Three di- in one Year-ftinct Court Days in the Court of the said Precinct, describingall the Marks of the said Stray, with the Age and Kind. And further, That the said Proprietors do turn loose again the said Stray, to continue in the fame Feeding-Ground where the fame was accustomed to feed, and tying a Withe about the Neck of the said Stray (which shall be a common Mark for Strays) and in that Manner to continue One whole Year from the first taking up or penning of the fame. Provided further.

That if in the mean Time ho Person shall challenge or claim the fame, that then the Property of such Strays remain to the Proprietor of the Ground, as before, they giving Satisfaction for taking up the said Stray. Provided always, That this Exceptioa. Act extend not to any ear-marked or burnt-marked Beast, Horse, Mare, Colt, or any other Sort of Cattle, but all such shall belong to the Owners or Proprietors of the fame, if claimed at any Time after the Expiration of the Year.

VI. It is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Clerks of each All Cattle to respective Court of Record in this Island are hereby impowered to make Entry, odf s'aiT and toll any Sort of Cattle that shall be fold from one Person to another, taking as near Description of the several Marks, natural or otherwise, as can be, and vouched by Two sufficient Persons known by the Clerk; which Entry or Toll shall be good against any former Sale or Bargain, or any other Title whatsoever, in all such Cases where the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, hath levied

the

except

Act 9.

1 2

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1681.

Penalty on Persons smoaking in Plantations,

the fame by Execution; and the Clerk of the said Court shall take Twelve Pence for each such Entry, and for keeping a Record of the fame, and no more.

VII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall presume to carry any Fire, or smoak Tobacco in any Savanna or Plantation, or Highways whatsoever, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings for each Time they shall so offend, and be further liable to pay all Damages that shall accrue to any Person or Persons by Means of the fame, to be recovered (if not exceeding Forty Shillings) before any Justice of the Peace; if exceeding Forty Shillings, by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island; and if the Person so offending be not able to make Satisfaction, then the said Person shall be whipped for every such Offence, at the Discretion of any One Justice of the Peace. Provided, That this Clause extend not to Owners of Land, to carry Fire in their own Plantations, or burn their own Savanna; yet to be liable, as before, if thereby they injure or burn any other Persons Savannas or Plantations; and that all Penalties for carrying of Fire shall belong to the Person that sues for the same.

VIII. And whereas it is found by Experience, that several Common-drivers of

Cattle, or Horse-catchers, do frequently ride and drive Gangs of Mares and other

Cattle from off their own Feeding-Ground or Pasture, whereby those that are

big call their Young, and young ones are often separated from their Dams; and

do likewise often deface the Marks of such Cattle and Horses, or new mark them

an3 cn Persons for themselves or others with wrong Marks, to the great Damage of all such Pro-

earning IVIarcs o o

to call their prietors; for Prevention whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority afore-

Young, &c. said, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall hereafter presume to drive or ride in any Savanna as a common Horse-catcher after any Horses or Mares, without having first given Security for their Honesty, and obtained Leave from the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Sava?inas, or the major Part of them, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid; one Third Part whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges of the fame; one Third Part to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Savannas, where the Offence shall be committed; the remaining Third to the Informer, or he that shall sue for the same.

IX. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Common-driver or Horse-catcher, or any other Person employed by or for him or them, shall presume to fell or barter any Horse, Mare or Colt, or other Cattle,

Penalty on but such as he shall bring Two sufficient Freeholders of the Place where be doth without^two"S inhabit, or other good sufficient Evidence to vouch before the Clerk of some Court Vouchers,that of Record within the Precincts where they shall be fold or bartered as aforesaid, that Inbred them, jje them, or otherwise came lawfully possessed of them, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid. And whosoever shall buy, barter or bargain with any such known Horse-catcher or Driver for any Cattle or Horses, without the fame be first vouched as aforesaid, he, she, or they so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

or putting a X. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Driver or Horse-catcher shall at any Time hereafter fraudulently or designedly put any false Burnt-mark, Ear-mark, or any other Marks, or deface any old Mark, he or they shall for such Offence be guilty of Felony.

XI. It is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons that are Keepers or Owners of Goats, shall suffer their Goats to feed in any Person's Land except their own; and if any do suffer the same to feed in any Person's Land, it shall be deemed Trespass, and the Owner of the Land shall recover in any Court of Record full Coils of Suit in the said Action, besides what Damage shall be given by the Jury.

XII. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person what-Huntingwith-soever shall be capable of Hunting with any Gang of Dogs in this Island that is °u acjuaj nof pjanter jn jtj ancj hath not at least Five Acres of Land planted; and that

any Person that shall presume to hunt any Gang of Dogs within this Island, being not qualified as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence his Gang of Dogs,

and

false Mark on them;

and on suffer-ing Goats to feed on another's Land.

Penalty on

cation,

Act io. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*3

168

i.

and the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered in any Court of Record within this Itfjand by Bill, Plaint, or Information 5 the one Moiety or Half Part of all such Forfeitures shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government and contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety shall be to the Informer, or any Person that shall sue for the same.

XIII. And it shall not be lawful for any Planter or Planters in this liland to or owning a

J f f C \

own any Hunting Gang of Dogs which shall not properly belong to themselves, ^-hdoesnoc their Mates in Planting, or hunted by their Servants, under the Penalty of Ten belongtohim. Pounds Sterling for each Time he or they shall so offend; to be recovered in Manner and Form aforesaid, and to be disposed of as aforesaid.

XIV. And it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Tame Srock if any Hunting Gang of Dogs shall kill or maim any tame Stock belonging to any b^} ^('|s Planter or Person whatsoever, or do him or them any Prejudice or Damage, the for by the Party so damnified, if the Damage amount to not above Forty Shillings, Satisfac- |?^ers of tion for the same shall be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace

but if it amount to more than Forty Shillings, the Person or Persons so injured shall sue for the fame at Common Law.

XV. And if any Person shall kill or maim any Manner of tame Stock, as Sheep, Penalty on Hogs, or Goats, either by Hunting or otherwise, and shall not forthwith discover gSt^|jn,s the same to the next Justice or Constable, to the end the Damage may be known

and recovered, as aforesaid, such Offender killing, maiming, or injuring any such tame Stock, and not discovering it, as aforesaid, shall pay Five Pounds for every Default, besides Damages; to be recovered by the Party injured in any Court of Record.

XVI. It is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no hating Person whatsoever shall hunt any Gang of Dogs within Four Miles of any Crawl oTany'settie-or Settlement, (except in his own Land, or Leave from the Proprietor of the fame) mem, except upon Pain of Ten Pounds Sterling; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever his own° shall set any Snare or Engine in any Place whatsoever (his planted Ground only excepted) under Penalty of Forty Shillings for every Time any Person shall so

offend in either of the premisses; to be recovered as aforesaid, and disposed of as aforesaid, and to pay all other Damages that shall accrue by the same.

An Act for registering of Deeds and Patents.

E it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby Act 10. enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That a Deed in due Deeds cnrolI_ Form of Law made, and within Three Months after the Date thereof acknow- ed within ledged by the Party or Parties that grant the fame, or proved by the Oath of One thrree Months sufficient Witness, or more, before the Governor or some One of the Judges the Courts of this island, and the fame recorded at Length in the Office of En-valid, ts'e. rolments (which said Office shall always be kept at St. Jago de la Vega) within the said Three Months, shall be valid to pass the fame without Livery, Seisin, Attornment, or any other Act or Ceremony in the Law whatsoever; and that no Deed hereafter made without such Acknowledgment, or Proof and Enrolment, shall be sufficient to pass away any Freehold or Inheritance, or to grant any Lease for above the Space of Three Years.

II. Provided nevertheless, That any old Deeds or Conveyances heretofore Exception, made on Lands or Houses, and omitted to be recorded upon being acknowledged

or proved, and at any Time after the making hereof recorded in the said Office of Enrolments, shall be effectually valid and of Force; but if it shall happen that any second Bill of Sale or Conveyance for a valuable Consideration be made by the said Vendor or his Heirs for the fame Land or Houses, or any Part thereof, and the fame be duly executed and recorded, then it is hereby declared, that the last Vendee shall have and enjoy the said Land or Houses; any thing in this Proviso or otherwise to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And if any Vendee hath omitted to execute and enrol his Deed within the Ckufc in Fa-Time as aforesaid, but shall at any Time afterwards have done the fame, no fe-

D cond

*4

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act io.

1681. cond Sale being made by the first Vendor, his Heirs or Executors, the same shall v--- — nevertheless be good to the said Vendee, his Heirs and Executors, and a perpe-

tual Ear against the first Vendor, his Heirs and Executors; anything in this Act, or any other, to the contrary notwithstanding.

Deeds execut-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deeds and IflantT being Conveyances granted and made out of this Eland and remitted hither, being prov-properiy at ed before the Governor, or any of the Judges of the Courts of Common-Pleas, atftvai'dasbfas a^ore^a^> ar)d all those Deeds and Conveyances where any Granter or Convey-executedhere. ancer shall personally appear in his Majesty's Court held before the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, and shall then and there own and acknowledge such Deed, Grant or Conveyance to be his Act and Deed, and an Attest thereof be made under the Seal of the Mayoralty of the said City, and the fame be recorded in the aforesaid Office within Six Months of the Arrival of the Ship that brought the fame, shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be as valid as if the said Deeds or Conveyances had been here made, acknowledged, proved and recorded according to the Form and Time herein before appointed. Excfpiion. V. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person here lawfully impowered shall, in pursuance of that Power, make Sale of any Lands or Freehold to any Person whatsoever within this Island, and the Deeds thereof be duly proved and recorded, according to the true Meaning of this Act, before any Conveyance from the Proprietor or Proprietors of the fame Land or Freehold, or any Part thereof, be here produced, proved and recorded, as aforesaid; the said Deed so made and passed here, shall stand good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Penalty on

VI. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, rettafoac- That any Mortgage of any Lands, Tenements, Real or Personal Estates what-knowiedge soever, within this his Majesty's Island, having received full Satisfaction and Pay-wh^heTath ment ah such Sum or Sums of Money as are really due to him by such been paid Mortgage, shall, at the Request of the Mortgager, enter Satisfaction upon the what he lent. Margin of such Mortgage, recorded or to be recorded in the Office of Enrolment which shall for ever hereafter discharge, defeat and release the fame, and shall likewise perpetually bar all Actions brought or to be brought thereupon in any Court of Record within this Island; and if such Mortgagee shall not, within three Months after Request, and Tender made for his reasonable Charges, repair to the Office of Enrolments, and there make such Acknowledgment as aforesaid, he, she, or they so refusing, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay unto the Party or Parties aggrieved the Sum of Fifty Pounds, current Money of this Island; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed.

VII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Judges before whom such Acknowledgment of Deeds or other Writings are and shall be made, to demand and receive for every Deed of the Value of Twenty Pounds, or more, Ten Shillings; and for every Deed under the Value of Twenty Pounds, Five Shillings, and no more, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds; the one Half to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Half to the Informer; to be recovered as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Enrolments shall and may take and receive,

IX. For enrolling and copying an ordinary Deed, Grant, or Patent for one or more Parcels of Land, or any Deed or Conveyance, not exceeding the Length of such Patent, Five Shilings.

X. For every Deed exceeding the Length aforesaid, Eight-Pence per Sheet, accounting Twenty Lines to a Sheet, and Eight Words to a Line.

XI. For every short Writing not exceeding the Length aforesaid, Twelve-Pence.

XII. For recording every Plot, One Shilling and Three-Pence.

The Judge's Fees.

Clerk's Fees,

XIII. For

Act ro, 11.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

i5

XIII. For searching the Record, Twelve-Pence. 1681.

XIV". And for acknowleging Satisfaction in the Margin of a Mortgage re- v -

corded, One Shilling and Three-Pence, and no more, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to the Uses, and to be recovered as aforesaid.

XT. Be it like wife enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Patents W'thm^whr.t already granted, and not enrolled, shall be enrolled in the Office of Enrol- be cn-ments within Six Months; and all Patents hereafter to be granted, shall be roiled, enrolled within Six Months after the Sealing such Patents; which Enrolments, as likewise all such as are already there enrolled, shall be good and valid in the Law, notwithstanding any Clause inserted in the said Patents directing the contrary.

XVI. And whereas it is most manifest, that the Estates of several Orphans Guardians

have been preserved, and vastly improved, by being (during their Minority) ouc

leased out by their Guardians; and whereas it may be disputable, whether such Eiiates. Leases are warrantable by the Laws of England; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Leases heretofore made or granted,

or that hereafter shall be made or granted of the Efhate of any Orphan, by the respective Guardian, for any Term of Years, not exceeding the Minority of such respective Orphans, shall be good and valid in the Law; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to contradict or alter any Power given to, or to be given by the Patent to any Guardians, or to give Liberty for the future to any Guardian to lease out the Estate of an Heiress for any longer Term or Time, than till she shall complete the Age of Fourteen Years.

XVIII. Be it likewise enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Clerk of the

the Clerk of the Enrolments, or whosoever shall execute the Office for the Time Eyrohnentsto being, do find Two sufficient Sureties, with himself, to become bound to our thefekhful

Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, in a Bond of the Penalty of Execution of Two Thousand Pounds, for the true and faithful Execution of the said Office, his office‘ and for keeping the fame in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, as is herein before declared, and not elsewhere; which said Bond shall be recorded in the supreme

Court of Judicature within this Island, and be kept by the Chief Justice of the fame for the Time being, to be made Use of according as is directed in an Act, intituled, An A5l impowering the Secretary to take Security; and whosoever, after Publication hereof, shall officiate in the said Office before he hath ffiven such Se-

• O

curity as aforesaid, he, or they so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed the Defendant; one Moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall prosecute the same.

An Act impowering the Church-wardens of St. Catherine'.? to receive Twelve-Pence per Ton for all Goods made up in Cask, that are landed ony or pipped from the Bridge at Passage Fort, for maintaining and repairing the same.

WHEREAS it is evident, that the making and repairing the Bridge at^CT II# Passage Fort hath been very chargeable to the Parish of St. Catherine, considering the said Bridge is for the public Use of several Parishes; in respect whereof some Care ought to be taken for easing the said Parish of the great Charge they are at in maintaining the fame, and that the several Persons that make use of the said Bridge should proportionably pay towards the doing of it; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is here-^J^n£® by enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after making hereof, paid on all all Goods whatsoever, made up in Calk, and that are landed either upon or Goods landed

1 n 1 p 1 Ceffage Fort

Shipped Bridge.

i6

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i 2,13.

1681. shipped from the fail Bridge, shall pay Tvyelve-Pence per Ton, and To propor - tion .bly for a greater or lester Quantity.

Church-war-

II. And it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church-wardens dens^of St. of St. Catherine s so'r the Time being shall take Care that the bridge be kept in keepThe ° ° sufficient Repair; and in case of their Neglect therein, that then the aforesaid Bridge in Re- Church-wardens shall forfeit respectively Ten Pounds; one Half thereof to the pair, tsc. Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the said Parish, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed. anpe°foPnP°tont ^ND 11 *s I"ur!:^er enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That

collect the the Church-wardens of the said Parish of St. Catherine are hereby impowered ftme Duty, to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit, for collecting the aforesaid Duty, and to employ the same to the Use and Behoof of the aforesaid Parish; and if any Person or Persons final! refuse to pay the aforesaid Duty, it shall be lawful for such Collector, as shall be appointed by the Church-wardens aforesaid, to detain or keep in his Possession the Goods of the Person or Persons so refuting, until he or they shall have satisfied the fame, as it is before expressed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

AnAEl for Confirmation of pious, charitable5 and public Gifts and

Grants.

Act 12. f 1 A O the Intent that pious, charitable, and public Gifts and Grants, so necessary in new Colonies to be encouraged and made good, may not be defeated, but may take Effect, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Donor or Donors, Devisor or Devifors, notwithstanding any Incapacity in the Grantee or Devisee, or those to whose Use the fame is granted or devised : Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it Grants of is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That for and piousUfof'aie dui'ing the Term and Time of Twenty Years next ensuing, all Gifts, Grants, Conveyances, and Devises of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Goods, or Chattles, to any good, pious, charitable, or public Use or Uses, as for the Maintenance of lawful Ministers, erecting or maintaining of Churches, Chapels, Schools, Universities, Colleges, or other Places for the Education of Youth, or Maintenance of Men of Learning, or any Alms-houses or Hospitals, or any other Uses whatsoever, heretofore made and hereafter to be made within the Time aforesaid, be and are hereby for ever confirmed and made good, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the Donor or Donors, Grantor or Grantors, Devisor or Devifors; the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and ordained, That no Gifts, Grants, or Devises to any Person or Persons whatsoever for any superstitious Use, or for Maintenance of any Minister or Teacher whatsoever, other than such as are lawfully ordained and allowed of by the Church of England, be hereby confirmed and made good; any Thing herein, or in any other Act seeming to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Ati declaring it High Treason to counterfeit His Majesty s

Broad Seal of this If and.

FORASMUCH as by the Laws of this Island, no due and condign Punishment hath been heretofore provided for such as falftly, forge, or counterfeit his Majesty's Broad Seal of this Island, by reason whereof divers evil-disposed Persons may be emboldened to perpetrate and commit the said Offence, to the Dishonour of His Majesty, and the disinheriting of many of His Majesty's good Subjects : For Prevention whereof, be it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That whosoever shall at any Time hereafter fajfify, forge, or counterfeit

hereby confirmed.

Exception.

Act 13.

5

Act 13,14. The LAWS of JAMAICA. i7

tcrfeit His Majesty's Broad Seal of this Island, that every such Offence shall be 1681. deemed and judged High Treason, and the Offender or Offenders therein, their v — "w — J Counsellors, Aiders, Abetters, or Concealers, being legally convicted thereof, by penalry on the Oaths of Two lawful and credible Witnesses upon Trial, or otherwise; then Per(°ns coun-every such Person and Persons so offending as aforesaid, shall be deemed, declared, Bmsd Seas of and adjudged to be Traitors, and shall suffer and have such Pains, Penalties,this Island. and Forfeitures, as in like Cases is ordained by the Laws and Statutes of His Majesty's Kingdom of England.

An Act for regulating

BE it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby Act 14.

enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever presume to build any House at Port Royal within Thirty Foot of the High Water Mark j No House and then when any House or Houses are already built, or hereafter shall be built{haI1 be buiIt on the Harbour Side nearer than Thirty Foot of the High Water Mark (the Thirty-Wherry Place only excepted) such House or Houses so built or to be built, shall Foot of High and are hereby adjudged* deemed, and taken to be public Nufances, and the^1'1 Mark' Proprietor or Proprietors of the same shall cause such House or Houses built thereon, to be taken down and removed within Six Months after Conviction thereof, or otherwise build or cause to be built, within Six Months, a strong substantial Wharf, so as the fame may make a firm Passage or Way of Thirty Foot from the High Water Mark.

II.' Provided, That no House shall be built farther Northward on the Har-£orhanFTbujjt bour than Major Samuel Bach, and Captain Anthony Swimmer on any Land, ^ard thanMa-wharfed or to be wharfed out between Fort James, and Fort Carlisle : but that all j^r Samuel

J n; 1 rj r

Land so made out of the Harbour, or to be made, shall remain unbuilt on. 5 ou e'

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That^ when any Fire shall happen to break out, either at Port Royal, or any other powered to" Town already built, or which hereafter shall be built within this Island, that pull down or Two or Three of the chief Military or Civil Officers of the fame Town or Pa- House^o pre^ rish, shall or may, and hereby are impowered to give all such Directions for the vent the pulling down or blowing up any such House or Houses that shall be by them of

adjudged meet to be pulled down or blown up, for the flopping and preventing the further spreading of the fame; and if it shall happen, that the pulling down or blowing up any such House or Houses by the Direction aforesaid, shall be the Occasion of flopping the said Fire, or the Fire flops before it comes to the fame, then all and every Owner of such House or Houses shall receive Satisfaction, and be paid for the same by the rest of the Inhabitants, whose Houses shall not be burnt, who are hereby impowered to make such Rate or Rates for the raising and levying such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be thought convenient by the Justices and Vestrymen of the Parish.

IV. Provided always, That if that House where the Fire shall first begin Exception, and break out shall be adjudged fit to be pulled down, to hinder the further Spreading and Increase of the fame, that then the Owners of such House shall receive no Manner of Satisfaction for the fame; any Thing in this Act, or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas it may be doubted, that the Sea may encroach upon the Southward Part of the Town of Port Royal; for the Prevention whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Proprietors or Owners of Land or Penalty on Houses, their Fadors, Agents, Attornies, and Guardians of Children, or any ^anfh °'g"eurtsh Persons employed by them, or any of them, thatareinterestedontheSouthermost Partof Pen Royal of Port Royal, from Fort Rupert to the House and Land now inhabited by one Edward "h°^r vyha^f Watkins, and known by the Sign of the Blue Bell, be hereby enjoined and obliged by tsv. in Repair, this Act, within Twelve Months after Publication hereof, substantially to wharf out and secure, and keep secured their respective Proportions of Land joining on the Sea, with substantial Wharf of lasting Timber, at least one Foot into the Sea, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds current Money of this Island, for every Year any such Person or Persons shall neglect the fame one Third Part thereof to our

E So-

18 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 14.

your of such Owners.

Exception*

Penalty on

Key,

Or laying up Vessels there*

1681. Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; one Third Part to the Church-wardens of the Parish of Port Royal for the Time being, for the Use of the Poor; and the other Third Part to the Informer, or he that shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein noEfloin, Protection, or Wager of the Law shall be allowed.

Clause in Fa-

VI. And that the Owners or Proprietors of such Land or Houses, as aforesaid, may be the better encouraged to wharf out, as is before appointed, the Street now called the Church Street shall be no more deemed, accounted, or taken for a Street, but shall be added or annexed to each Propriety and Freehold, in Proportion to their respective Interest bounding upon the fame; for which Consideration they are hereby obliged to leave a Passage at leapt Eighteen Foot open1 to the Sea.

VII. Provided, That nothing in any Clause of this Act shall permit and suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever to build any House nearer to the Church on the South Side than what are already built for the whole Length of the Church aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person frgBanaftoutor f>er^ons d° fetch, or cause to be fetched in any Boat, Vessel, or Canoe, from of Port Royal the Riffs or Shoals, or dig up any Stones below High Water Mark, from the

Eastermost and Southermost Parts of any of the Keys lying off Port Royal; and that no Stones, small or great, be fetched or taken up for Ballast, or any other Use, from the Eastermost Side of the Point on Port Royal' so far as Plum-Pointy on Penalty of Ten Pounds for every such Offence; and that no Commander and Master of any Ship or Vessel caff or hoist out any Ballast overboard into the Water within the Harbour of Port Royaly or any other Harbour or Bay, upon the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Wrecks be laid up within the Harbour of Port Royal 5 or if any such decayed Vessel or Wrecks fink in the Harbour by Neglect of the Owner or Owners, Possessor or Possessors of the fame, and not removed within One Month after the sinking thereof, the said Owner or Owners, Possessor or Possessors of the fame, shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for every Month such Vessel shall so lie.

X. Provided also, That the several Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties before mentioned in this Act, and not declared where they shall be recovered, and how disposed of, be one Third to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and contingent Charges thereof; one Third to the Church-wardens, for the Use of the respective Parishes, and one Third to the Informer; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island, where no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And forasmuch as great and divers Complaints are daily made by Masters and Commanders of Ships and Vessels trading to this Island, that upon their Ships or other Vessels coming into any Harbour of the fame, the Seamen belonging to the said Ships or Vessels do run on Shore, insomuch that they have not left on Board a sufficient Number of Men to watch the said Ships or Vessels; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons that shall receive and entertain any Seaman or Seamen belonging to any trading Ships or Vessels riding in any Harbour of this Island, after the Ship's Bell'ringing to set Watch at Eight of the Clock at Night; every

Penalty on such Person or Persons receiving or entertaining of every such Seaman as afore-faTnhT Sea^'^id, forfeh for the Entertainment of every such Seaman the Sum of Forty men afte/the Shillings, one Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence is or shall be Ship's Bell has committed, and the other Half to the Master or Commander that shall prosecute for the fame; to be recovered by a Warrant from a Justice of the Peace, as in Cases of Debt not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Disposition cf Forfeitures.

rung.

An Act 15.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

iQ

An Act for the Maintenatice of Mitrifters and the Poor, and ereSling 16 Q1.

and repairing of Churches.

FOR railing a convenient Maintenance for the Ministers and Poor, and Act 15k erecting and repairing of Churches within this Island, be it enacted by the Th; C]ause Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of lo far as jC r'e. the fame, That the respective Justices of every Parish within this Island, or any to the Two of them, shall every Year issue out their Warrants to the Constables and Pfy°([rcyh_uf' Tythingmen, to summon the Freeholders of that Parish together on the second men, &e. Tuesday^ in January, for the chusing of Ten VdTrymen and Two Church-war- by

dens, such as shall conform to the Church of England; and if they shall negledciause 1' to issue their Warrant, so as the Election be not made that Day, they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Island; and in case the said Freeholders, duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear, or appearing do not chule the said Ten Vestrymen and Two Church-wardens, that then, in their Default, the said Justices shall, within Ten Days after the said second Tuesday in January, or any Day after, as to them shall seem convenient, lay a reasonable Tax on the said Parish, for the Maintenance of the Minister and Poor, and for How Mini-erecting convenient Churches, and repairing such as are already made, and mak- ftc's ,ba'! ,be

u 1 o j maintained.

ing convenient Seats in them; and if the said Justices and Vestrymen shall neg-r led their Duty herein, they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Island.

II. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Penalty on Tu-such of the Justices and Vestrymen that shall not be present at the T'me appointed to make the said Taxes, and thereof be convicted by a Certificate under (e mi ig tiiem-the Hands of such as do appear, and have nofufhcientExcufe for the fame, shall t^eVy4°ma respectively forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Island; and a Roll of the pointed?oaP" said Tax so made, fhffi be delivered into the Hands of the respective Constables maketheTax, of the said Parishes, with a Warrant under the fame, signed by any Two Justices ^c' of the Peace, impowering him or them to levy the said Tax, and upon Refusal, to distrain and fell by public Outcry, and pay the same into the Hands of the Church-wardens, retaining to himself Twelve-Pence per Pound for levying thereof; and if any Person shall refuse to pay what he is so assessed, and the said Constables distrain for the fame, all his Charges shall be paid him, with such further Allowance for his Pains as the said Justices, or any of them, shall judge reasonable; and if the said justice or Justices shall neglect to issue the said Warrant, he or they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Island; and if the said Constables, or any of them, fail of their Duty herein, they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Island; and the Churchwardens so chosen shall undertake the said Office, and receive and keep a good Account of the Monies or Goods levied by virtue of this Act, and the fame issue by Order from the said Justices and Vestrymen of the Parishes, for the Purposes and Intents aforesaid; and the Church-wardens shall, as often as thereunto required, yield and give a just and true Account unto the Justices and Vestrymen of all their Receipts and Disbursements; and in case the said Church-wardens, or any of them, shall neglect their Duty herein, they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every Refusal.

III. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Two Church-the respective Justices of the Parishes of St. Dorothy and St. Thomas in the Vale, ™*rrf y^ry^ or any Two of them, shall every Year issue out their Warrants to the Constables men to be and Tythingmen, to summon in the Freeholders of the said Parishes the second pb°r^J°yshte Tuesday in February, for the chusing of Ten Vestrymen and Two Church-war- Dorothy and dens as aforesaid; and that the said Justices and Vestrymen, or the major Part of St- Thomas, them, are hereby impowered to lay on the Parishioners a reasonable Tax, over^f* and above the R.ate imposed on them by virtue of this Act, by the Justices and Vestrymen of the Parish of St. Catherine, provided it exceed not One Hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for and towards the building and erecting Churches, and making convenient Seats in them, in their respective Parishes,

and

20

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 15.

Minister to take no Fee but what is allo.ved Ly the Vellry.

1681. and to no other Uses whatsoever; and that whatsoever Rate or Rates hath been v — V — J already assessed by the Justices and Vestrymen of the Parishes of St. Dorothy upon their Parishloners, or any other Person or Persons having Land, Goods, or Stock within the said Parish, is hereby ratified, confirmed, and declared lawful; any Clause in this Act seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

By whom IV. A Roll of any Taxes so made shall he delivered into the Hands of the stallbeffn^d re^Pe^ve Confta! les of each Parish, with a Warrant under the fame, signed by 0 'any Two of the Justices, impowering him or them to levy the said Tax, and upon Refusal to distrain and fell by public Outcry,.as aforesaid; any thing in this Act seeming to the contrary notwithstanding. and Arrears of V. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Taxes reCo- the Justices and Vestrymen of each Parish have full Power to enquire into Ar-

vered* a

rears of former Subscriptions and Taxes, and to levy the same Arrears by Warrant from the Justices to the Constables aforesaid.

VI. And that the Minister demand no Fee in his own Parish for Christenings, Marriages, Churchings, or Burials, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every Offence, unless such as the Justices and Vestrymen shall allow; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: The one Half of all which Forfeitures shall be to the Poor of the Parish, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island.

VII. And forasmuch as many Persons, who may, by virtue of this Act, and the Acts for mending and repairing the Highways, be taxed, and have nothing in the Parish where they are taxed, upon which any Distress may be made, it is

Where no Di-therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That in such Cases,

stress can be from and after the making hereof, an Action of Debt shall lie in any Court of de on Per o j j

fons taxed, an Record, or before any Justice of the Peace, as in other Debts, for the several

Action may be Church-wardens and Surveyors of each respective Parish, and their Successors,

brought; to reC0Ver against any of the said Persons rated or assessed by virtue of this Act,

or any of them, or their Agents or Attornies here, all such Sum and Sums of

Money as are or shall be rated or assessed upon them as aforesaid.

and producing

VIII. And that the fame Rate or Assessment, produced in such Court of Re-

the Assessment corcj or before such Justice of the Peace aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence

m Court, shall 5 J '

be sufficient and Proof for the Recovery or all such Sum or Sums of Money so rated or af-Evidence.ftr. sessed as aforesaid : Provided nevertheless, and it is the true Intent and Meaning hereof. That no Justice of the Peace and Vestrymen shall have Power to assess any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, above the Sum of One Shilling per Annum', for every hundred Acres of Land, and so proportionable for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Persons over-

IX. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, rated, may ap- That any Person or Persons, aggrieved or rated in any such Assessment or Tax, teTsessionsr" have hereby Liberty granted to appeal to the Justices fitting in the Quarter Sessions in their respective Precincts in this Island; provided that such Appeal to them be made at the first or second Quarter Sessions after such Taxes made, and not afterwards; and that there it appearing to the said Justices, that he, she, or they were over-rated, taxed, or assessed, the said Justices are hereby authorized and impowered,'if they find him, her, or them so over-rated or assessed, to ease him, her, or them, as to their Discretion shall Teem meet; but that no Appeal shall lie further, or to any other Court or Place in this Island, for any Tax or Rate made or assessed by the Justices and Vestrymen of each respective Parish in this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

A Book to be X. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That

provided,

wherein all Christenings, &c. shall be regiftsred

the Church-wardens of each respective Parish within this Island do buy, or cause to be bought, one fair well bound Book, wherein the Minister, and in case there be no Minister there resident, the respective Church-wardens, upon Notice thereof given by the Matters of the several Families, who are hereby required to give such Notice, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, shall register, or cause to be registered, by the Clerk of the Vestry of that Parish, the Times of the Births, Christenings, Marriages, and Burials of all such Person or Persons that shall from time to time be born, christened, married, or buried within the said Parish,

under

Act 15.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

21

under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every such Default; and that the said 168 . Clerk or Perl on that shall register the fame, shall have and receive as a Fee for each Kntry, Fifteen-Pence, and no more.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all which Book such Entries duly made and kept as aforesaid, shall at all Times hereafter be deemed, judged, and taken as an authentic Record of all such Births, Christen-jn all Courts, ings, Marriages, and Burials, and in all and every the Courts of Record in this Island; but if any Person hereby authorized to make such Entry, or any other whatsoever, shall make, or cause to be made, any false Entry, or shall raze out or imbezil any Entry, or Books of Entry, he or they so offending shall be proceeded against:, and punished in Manner and Form as the Laws of England provide against such as steal, raze, or imbezil Records: The one Moiety of all which Forfeitures or Penalties, or any other mentioned in this Act, and not directed howto be disposed of, shall be to the Poor of the Parish where the Fault is committed; the other Moiety or half Part to the Informer; to be recovered by Bill,

Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in this Island, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin, Protection, or Injunction shall be allowed j any thing in this Act, or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That The annual the Parish of Port Royal do allow and pay unto the Minister thereof Two hun- '."i'Tthe iTi-dred and fifty Pounds per Annum, of current Money of this Island; and that the ..iiie.s of the Parish of St. Catharine do allow and pay unto the Ministers thereof One hundred r^cial^a' and forty Pounds of the like Money per Annum, and not less; and that the Parish '

of St. Thomas, St. Andrew, and St. John do allow and pay unto their respective Ministers One hundred Pounds of like Money per Annum; and that all the other Pari fires within this his Majesty's Island, that either have or shall have a Minister, do allow and pay Eighty Pounds current Money, and not less, as a constant yearly Sallary, for the Support and Maintenance of every of their Ministers, to be paid at their respective Dwelling-houses every Six: Months, without any Charge or Defalcation, by equal Portions; and none to be capable of being presented to the said Benefices, or receiving the Profits of the fame, unless they produce due Testimonials that they are qualified according to the Canons of the Church of England, by having taken Deacon and Priest's Orders, and the said Testimonials to be recorded in the Secretary's Office.

XIII. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, Penalty on That no Minister not duly qualified as aforesaid, presume to marry any Person or ^m; Persons whatsoever, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, current Money marrying an/ of this Island; one Third thereof to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs Person. and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island,

and the contingent Charges thereof; one Third to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, and the other Part to him or them that shall sue for the fame in any of the Courts of Record within this Island; and that no Minister prefuine to marry any Persons whose Banns have not been published Three times in their Parish Church, or have a Licence from the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, authorizing him thereunto, under the like Penalty, and to the same Uses; to be recovered as aforesaid, or Twelve Months Imprisonment.

IV. Provided always, and i,t is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, Exception, That no Etclefiastical Law or Jurisdiction shall have Power to enforce, confirm, or establifn any penal Mulcts or Punishment in any Case whatsoever; any thing in this Act, or any other, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas this Island in the Twenty-ninth Year of his Majesty's The Names Reign, by an Act of this Country, was divided into Fifteen Parishes, which were or the Pa-called, distinguished, and known by several Names hereafter mentioned; that is'i;lcs' to say, St. PLomas, St. David's Port Royal, St. Andrew's, St. Catharine's, St. Dorothy's, St. Thomas in the Valley, Clarendon, Vere, St. John's, Sr. Georges, St.

Marys, St. Anne's, St. James's, St. Elizabeth's; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the said several Parishes

F rest,

22

1681.

Act i 6.

basing them

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 15, 16.

rest, remain, and for ever hereafter be distinguished and known by the aforesaid respective Names, and by no other whatsoever; any Thing in this, or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act ascertaining the Value of ForeigJi Coins, and establishing

Inter eft.

BE it enabled by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That each tingle SpaniJhDubloon, or are current, French Piflole^ shall be current, and pass for Twenty Shillings current Money; l"e their Va eac^ng'e Piece of Sevil, Mexico, or Filler y and each French Croewn> at Five This Clauseis Shillings current Money; a Fern Piece of Eight, at Four Shillings; and all Mo-repealed by njes whatsoever of those Coins aforesaid, shall in all Payments whatsoever be pro-Anne!^ portionably rated; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Penalty on de- II. That whosoever shall for base Lucre, by any Way or Means, coin, falsify, impair, diminish, seal, wash, clip, file, or lighten any of the Money aforesaid, or any other Money current in this Island, shall be guilty of High Treason; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Personto

III. And it is further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That *10 / ^peTcent frorn and after the Twentieth Day of yzsy, in the Year of our Lord One thou-for Interest. sand six hundred eighty and one, no Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any Contract made or to be made, shall, directly or indirectly, take for the Loan of any Monies above the Value of Ten Pounds current Money, for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds current Money, for one Year, and so after the Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, for a longer or shorter Time; which said Interestis hereby declared to be only recoverable upon penal Bonds and Mortgages.

And all Secu- IV. Tn at all Bonds, Contracts, and Assurances whatsoever, made hereafter

for Money lent ^or Payment any principal Money to be lent on Usury, whereupon or where-

at a greaterin- by there shall be received or taken above the Rates of Ten Pounds current Mo-terest are void. ney in the Hundred as aforesaid, shall be utterly void; and that all and every Person or Persons whatever, who shall hereafter, upon any Contract to be made, take, accept, or receive, by any Way or Means, or corrupt Bargain, Loan, or Exchange, Shift, or Interest of any Monies, or by Deceit, or other fraudulent Conveyances, for Forbearance, or giving Day of Payment for one whole Year, or in Proportion, for a longer or shorter Time for their Monies, above the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose for every such his or their Offence treble the Value of the Money lent or bargained.for by any Way or Means whatsoever; one Moiety of which Forfeitures shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs, and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

A Standard V. And whereas several evil-disposed Goldsmiths deceitfully do make and sell Goid'and Sil- Plate and other Gold and Silver Wares, to the great defrauding of his Majesty's verWares,- Subjects of this Eland; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold or Silver within this Eland, from and after the First Day of Angufl, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred eighty and one, shall work, fell, exchange, or cause to be wrought, fold, or exchanged, any Plate, or other Goldsmiths Wares of Gold, lefts in Fineness than Twenty two Carats; and that from the Time aforesaid, no Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold or Silver, shall make, fell, or exchange in any Place within this Island, any Plate, or Goldsmiths Wares of Silver less in Fineness than that of Eleven Ounces Two-penny Weight; and that no Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold or Silver, shall presume to put to Sale, exchange, or fell any Plate of Goldsmiths Work of Gold or Silver, before he hath set his own Mark to so much thereof as ' may conveniently bear the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting the Value of the Thing felling Wares f° fold or exchanged.

of less Fine-

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever feiureble the" Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold or Silver as aforesaid, from and after the First V alue. Da V

Act 16,17. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*3

Day of Augu/l, shall presume to sell or exchange any Gold or Silver Wares of less Fineness than aforesaid, for every such first Offence shall forfeit treble the Value of the said Wares so fold or exchanged; one Half whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs, and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Half to the Party aggrieved, to be recovered in Manner and Form aforesaid; and whosoever shall offend the second Time, and thereof be convicted, shall fLnd in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour, and lose his Ears for the same.

An Act for settling the Militia.

WHEREAS the Situation of this Island, amidst subtil, rich, and potent Act 17.

Nations, cannot but sufficiently convince every reasonable Man of the Necessity the Inhabitants have of being well armed and trained up in the Art Military, as well for the Honour and Service of his most excellent Majesty, as the Preservation of our own Lives and Fortunes; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That no Persons whatsoever, from Fifteen to Sixty From what Years of Age, remain unlisted, by themselves, Matters, Mistresses, or Employers, longPeffons'7 under the Captains, in the respective Places of their Abode, in Foot or Florfe, the shall be exer-Space of Six Weeks, on Penalty of Forty Shillings, and so for every Six Weeks clf-dmArms. such Persons shall remain unlisted.

II. And that every Foot Soldier be provided with a well fixed Musket or Fuzee, Accoutre-or (if the Officer so appoint) with a good Pike and Sword, or Launce and Pi- ments forFoot stol; each Mufketeer to have Six Charges of Powder, and One Cartouch Box, and 0i lers' so shall appear when and where appointed, upon Penalty of Ten Shillings for his Default in not appearing, and Four Shillings for want of each Charge of Powder,

Gun, Pike, Sword, Pistol, or Cartouch-Box, so as the whole Penalty for any Person at one Time exceed not Ten Shillings.

III. And that every Soldier belonging to the Horse, shall, when and where and Horse. commanded, appear and be provided with a good serviceable Horse/ of Ten Pounds Value at the least, covered with a good Saddle, with Holfters, Breast-plate and Crupper, and a Cafe of good Pistols, Hanger, Sword, or Rapier, and half a Pound of Powder, on Penalty of Ten Shillings for each Time's Absence, and Six Shillings for Default of each the Particulars above-mentioned, so as the whole Penalty for one Time exceed not Fifteen Shillings.

IV. And that every Foot Soldier shall have at his Habitation and Abode Two what Am-Pounds of good Powder, and Six Pounds of sizeable Bullets; and every Trooper munition they have at his usual Place of Abode a well fixed Carbine, with Belt and Swivel, and their Habita-Four Pounds of fine Powder, with Twelve Pounds of sizeable Bullets, on Penalty tions. of Ten Shillings for each Default; and that each of them shall bring the fame into the Field when commanded, upon Penalty of answering the fame at a Court-marshal.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein be construed to extend to force or compel any Person that hath or shall be in Commission in this Island, to lift himself in any Company or Troop, or to serve in any Capacity beneath the former Commission, unless such Person hath been degraded by a Court-marshal.

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, so Penalty on debited as aforesaid, shall depart thence without a Discharge from the Commander of the Company or Troop where lifted, on Penalty of Forty Shillings; and that minder's no Commander of any Company or Troop shall refuse, when desired, to give a Leave-Discharge in Writing to any that is removing his Abode out of the Precincts, under the Penalty of Five Pounds.

VII. And whereas at the Town of Port Royal Guards and Watches are every Night set and appointed, be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons lifted in the Watch and Regiment of Port Royal (except on extraordinary Occasions) to put a well-arm- be

ed Man in their Room, who, if approved of by the Captain of the Guard, shall pj}f &(T excuse his or their Absence.

2.A.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 17.

Captains to find Drums, &c. for their Troops,

An Enquiry to be made once a Year, whether the Soldiers be duly lifted and equipped.

Soldiers while under Arms to be subject to the Laws and Articles of War, &c.

Muster-roll to be taken once a Year,

Penalty on disobeying Officers.

Clause fot'Re-liefof wound ed Soldiers.

[General Issue.]

Marshal Law to be proclaimed in Times of Danger or Invasion.

VIII. Provided always, That the Commission-officers and Serjeants of the respective Companies be obliged, in their respective Turns, to mount the Guards in their proper Persons; and that no Person shall refuse to be a Serjeant, Corporal, or Drummer in the Company or Troop wherein he is lifted, under the Penalty of Five Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Captains of Companies of Foot, or Troops of Horse, shall, within Six Months from and after Publication of this Act, provide for their Companies and Troops, Drums and Colours, Trumpets, Trumpeters, and Banners, at their own Charge, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds; and lo for every six Months such Commanders shall remain unprovided.

X. And that all the Colonels of the respective Regiments, or next chief Officer in their Absence, shall, once every Year at the least, issue out their Warrants to their inferior Officers, commanding them to make diligent Search and Enquiry in their several Precincts, that all be duly lifted, armed, and equipped, and to return to them such Defects as shall be found, to the End the fame may be reformed, on Penalty of a Hundred Pounds; and that once every Two Months, or oftner, as Occasion shall require, and Command be given by the Commander in Chief, the several Companies and Troops in each Regiment shall meet at the next and most convenient Places, to be appointed by their respective Officers, to be then arid there by them mnftered and exercised; only the Regiment on Port Royal shall meet and exercise one Company in each Week successively, and the whole Regiment once in Eleven Weeks.

XI. And it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time the said Officers and Soldiers are in Arms, they shall observe and keep all and every of the Laws and Articles of War, and give all clue Obedience to their superior Officers; which Laws and Articles the Commander in Chief, with Advice of a general Council of War, is to make and establish, and the Commanders of the several Regiments to give out Copies of the said Articles unto their respective Officers, that the fame may be publickly read once every Six Months unto the Soldiers, whilst they are in Arms, that all Persons may the better know and observe their Duties. And if it shall happen that any of the Officers or Soldiers shall, when they are out of Arms, endeavour to take Revenge by Force for any Thing his or their superior Officers lawfully did, in pursuance of his or their Duty and this Act, the said Officers and Soldiers shall be brought to a Court-marshal, and there punished, as if the Offence had been done in Time of Service or Exercise; provided that the said Punishment do not extend to Life or Limb.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once every Year, or oftner, if thereunto commanded, each particular Captain shall give to his Field-officer, and the Field-officer to the Commander in Chief, fair written Rolls of their respective Companies and Regiments.

XIII. And if any Field-officer, Captain, or other inferior Officer or Soldier shall neglect or contemn performing the lawful Commands of their respective superior Officers, he or they shall be punished by Fine, Cashiering, or Punishment, according to the Discretion of a Court-marshal, which the Commander in Chief is to appoint and establish; and the Orders of the said Court-marshal are hereby declared to be binding in all Military Affairs.

XIV. And if any Person upon any Invasion, or other publick Military Service, be wounded or disabled, he shall be cured and maintained out of the publick Revenue.

XV. And if any Person whatsoever shall be sued, molested, or impleaded for any Thing lawfully commanded in the Execution and Pursuance of this present Act, he shall plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence, and shall thereupon, if found for him, recover Costs of Suit and treble Damages.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Apprehension and Appearance of any publick Danger or Invasion, the Commander in Chief do forthwith call a Council of War, and with their Advice and Consent cause and command the Articles of War to be proclaimed at Port Royal and St. yago de la Vega, from which said Publication the Marshal Law is to be in

Force;

Act 17.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Force; that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Commander in Chief to 1681.

command the Persons of any of his Majesty's liege People, as also their Negroes, -

Horses, and Cattle, for all Inch Services as may be for the publick Defence, and to pull down Houses, cut down Timber, command Ships, and Boats, and generally to act and do, with all full Power and Authority, all such Things as he and the said Council of War shall think necessary and expedient for his Majesty's Service, and Defence of this Island.

XVII. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, proviso. That as soon as the Common Law revives and is in Force, the said Negroes, Servants, Cattle, Ships, or Boats, so employed, as aforesaid, be immediately discharged; and to the end it may be certainly known when the Marshal Law ceafeth,

and the Common Law taketh Place, it is hereby declared, That upon lodging the Colours, and discharging the Soldiers from their Arms, the Marshal Law ceafeth* and the Common Law revives and taketh Place.

XVIII. Provided also, That the Marshal, or his Deputy, shall not presume No Soldier to to arrest any such Soldier within one Month after every such Discharge, nor in the be flrefled

j # o within one

Time of his going or coming to or from the Place of Exercise or Rendezvous, Month after under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, and of being further liable to an Action ofh*s Discharge. false Imprisonment. And in case of any such Arrest* it shall be lawful for the respective Captain, or other Commission-officer, to release any of his or their Soldiers so arrested.

'XIX. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, Persons suffer-That if, upon any Alarm or Invasion, any Person or Persons whatsoever Chall an

suffer, either by the Landing of an Enemy, or drawing together his Majesty's Enemy* &c. Forces of this Island, all such Damage or Damages, whether in Servants, Ne-to be Satisfied groes, Horses, Cattle, or in the Labour of any of them, or in the Expence of Pro- Publ°ickhRe-vision, or by Fire, or by any other Loss whatsoever, that may accrue by the Means venue, aforesaid; that then, upon due Application and Proof thereof made unto the Governor and Council, the said Damages shall be reasonably valued, and forthwith paid out of the publick Revenue; and that if there be no Money there, the Governor and Commander in Chief do forthwith call an Assembly, and recommend to them all Cases of the like Nature, so that Money may be legally raised for the publick Disbursements, and every one receive just and equal Satisfaction for their Loftes.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority Disposition of aforesaid, That the several Fines and Forfeitures mentioned in this Act, and not ForFeitures* declared in what Manner they shall be recovered and how disposed of, that all such as do relate to any Person under the Degree of a Captain shall be to the respective Captains, to defray the Charge of their Companies or Troops, and to be levied before the next Exercising Day by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by the Captain's Warrant to the Serjeant or Corporal; and if no Distress be found, the Punishment to be by riding the Wooden-horse, or being tied Neck and Heels, not exceeding an Hour, at the Discretion of their Officer; but if the Offender be a Servant, the Owner's Goods shall be liable to the Distresses and Sales as aforesaid, so that Satisfaction may be made; and for all other Penalties mentioned in this Act, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels, by the Provost Marshal, by Warrant from the Commander in Chief; one Half thereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Half to the Informer.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Officer may maybe lawful for any Commission-officer belonging to the Regiment on Port

Roy<?/, under the Degree of a Captain, in the Absence of the said Captain from gainst Persons oft the Point, to grant Warrants of Distress against any Person whatsoever that Renting shall absent themselves from their Duty on the Night-guards, without fending a frn™p™* sufficient Person to serve and watch in their Stead; which said Warrants so grant- tsV. ed shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if they, or any of them, had been granted by the Captains themselves.

G

26

Act 17,

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1681.

Penalty on Boats, {57. passing the Fort of Port Royal without giving Notice to the Captain of it.

Penalty on firing a Gun after eight o'Clock at Night, itfc.

Penalty on Marshal ne-glefting to (e cure Offenders,

and on Captains of Ships sufferingGuns to be fired after Sunset.

This Act not to abridge the Governor's Power.

[Proviso.]

XXII. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wherry, Ship's Boat, or Canoe, shall at any Time pass the Fort at Port Royal, under •the Penalty of Twenty Shillings, to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace, without giving Notice to the Captain of the said Fort, or whosoever shall command in Chief therein in his Absence; which said Notice shall be sufficient Leave to pass the said Fort, without any further Charge or Trouble whatsoever, unless the said Captain, or other his Subordinate Officer, have reasonable Cause to suspect the Person so desiring Leave to have some evil Design in going off with, or carrying off any Persons contrary to Law; in which Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said Captain, or his aforesaid Officer, to hinder their Departure out of the Harbour, until the said Captain or Officer be satisfied of the Lawfulness of their Occasion; any Ad, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever presume to fire any small Arms after Eight of the Clock at Night, unless in Case of an Alarm, Insurrection, or other lawful Occasion; and in either of the said Cases, Four Muskets, or small Arms, distinctly fired, shall be taken for an Alarm, from Quarter to Quarter; and every Person that shall be duly convicted before a Regimental Court-marshal of neglecting his Duty, in taking and giving forward any Alarm, by firing Four Muskets or small Arms as aforesaid, or shall be guilty of firing any small Arms after Eight of the Clock at Night, unless as aforesaid, shall be fined or otherwise punished at the Discretion of a Court-marshal, not extending to Life or Limb.

XXIV. And whosoever shall be found to be a Transgrefior herein by the next Commission-officer, under Penalty of Five Pounds, to be caused to be apprehended and lent under a Guard to the next Marshal, who is hereby obliged, under Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to receive and secure the said Offender, until he shall be tried or discharged by a Court-marshal as aforesaid.

XXV. And for the better Prevention of false Alarms, That no Captain, Matter, or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, riding at Anchor in the Harbour of Port Royal, or any other Bay or Harbour, or any other Person, fire any Gun after Sunset, under Penalty of Forty Shillings for every Gun so fired; to be levied by Warrant from the Chief Officer, not under the Degree of a Captain, who is hereby impowered to administer an Oath, and give Judgment thereupon, by Distress or Sale of the Offender's Goods; and for want of Distress, the said chief Officer is hereby impowered to commit such Offender to Gaol, there to remain until Payment of the fame; and that in case the said chief Officer shall not perform his Duty herein, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant from the Governor or Commander in Chief for the time being. Provided always, That this Clause shall in no ways concern or extend to any Captain or Officer of any of his Majesty's Ships of War for their firing of one Gun for the setting of the Watch.

XXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained be expounded, construed, or understood to diminiffi, alter, or abridge the Power of the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being; but that in all Things, and upon all Occasions, he may ad as fully and freely as Captain General and Chief Governor, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never been made; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing within this Act, or any Clause therein contained, shall be deemed, construed, or understood to give any Captain General or Commander in Chief any Power or Authority for the fending any Person or Persons off this Island against their Will, or to do any other Act or Thing contrary or repugnant unto the known Laws of England or this Island.

Act 18.

The LAWS of JAMAICA,

27

An Act for the Prevention of Law-Suits. 1681.

BE it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and Act 18.

it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That all p Possessions of or Titles to any Lands or h'oufes whatsoever, derived by or from bands', &c. any Sales for valuable Considerations, made either by the Provost-marshal, Cre- are hereby ditors, or by Executors or Administrators of any Persons deceased, or by the confirmed‘ Husbands in Right of their Wives, or by the Endowments or Delivery up of Patents, or by any Decrees in Chancery, or by any Last Wills and Testaments, or by any Patent granted upon Judgment given in Writs of Escheat or Cejfaruit; and the said Person, or any claiming under them, now being in Possession of the fame, be, by this present Act, ratified, confirmed and declared good and legal to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. Provided always, That such Pofleftors or Purchasers, their Heirs or Proviso* Assigns, have or shall continue in quiet or peaceable possession of the fame for the Space of Seven Years, without any Claim or Interruption : And the said Sales,

Patents, Decrees, and Possessions as aforesaid, to be a perpetual Bar against all Manner of Persons claiming or to claim any Right or Title by Descent, Purchase,

Marriage, or Limitation, for or by reason of any former Grant, Gift, Patent, or Conveyance; any Law, Custom, or Usage in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That When Writs in all Writs of Escheat hereafter to be granted, the Provost-marshal be commanded to esquire, by a Jury of Twelve free and lawful Men, upon their Oaths, Provost-'mar-(they being then upon the Premisses) the true Value of all and singular the Real Is Estate which any Person so dying without Heirs was, at the Time of his Death, uueValue of seised of; and that after Office found and returned into the Supreme Court, and the Eaate, Judgment thereupon given and recorded, it be lawful for the Governor for the^c*

Time being, or in his Absence the Commander in Chief, to pass any Grant of the said Escheated Estate under the Broad Seal of this Island. Provided, That a Clause be therein inserted, that the said Grant shall determine and be void, in case any right Heir appears and claims the fame, and legally approves himself to be Heir, within Three Years after the Date of the said Patent; and that the Value of the said Escheated Estate, as it was aporised at, shall be secured, to be paid into the Treasury of this Island after the Expiration of Three Years from the Date of the Patent, if no Heir in the mean Time shall obtain the fame, by such Person or Persons to wh in the Governor or Commander in Chief aforesaid shall by Patent under the Broad Seal of this Island grant the fame; and that the Treasurer or Receiver be hereby required to payor cause to be paid the Sum or Sums of Money the said Escheated Estate was valued at out of the Treasury, unto or for the Use of such Heir who shall claim the fame, and approve himself to be Heir, before any other Payment whatsoever; which Proof of the Heir's Title shall be made by any public Attestation, or otherwise, as shall be believed to be Evidence by the Judges and Jury; to be recovered at any Time without Limitation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bills of Bills of Sale Sale and Conveyances whatsoever heretofore made, or that hereafter shall be made, beforeajulig^ by Husband and Wife, and acknowledged before the Judge of any Court of Record and duly re- ' within this Island, and duly recorded, shall be good and valid in Law against all y°[y Persons whatsoever that can or may pretend to claim any Estate in the Lands or Tenements so conveyed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had passed by Fine and Recovery in any of his Majesty's Courts of Westminster.

V. Provided always, That where any true and valuable Improvement is madeProviso, on such Escheated Land by the Patentee or Patentees during the said Three Years, that such Heir before his entering upon the same shall satisfy and pay unto such Patentee or Patentees all such Charges as the Chancellor for the Time being shall judge to be reasonably expended, together with the Interest of the fame, according to the Custom of this Country; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. 8 An

28

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 19.

1681. An Act for establishing Courts, and direBing the Marshafs

y — v J Proceedings.

Act 19. OR the better and more orderly Regulation and Establishment of the several Courts of Justice within this Island, as well in respect of the Time and Place for holding the fame, and also directing the Marshal's Proceedings; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby er.acted Judges of the and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Judges of the Supreme CourTto have Court of Judicature for the Time being are hereby fully impowered and authe-Cognizance rized to have Cognizance of all Pleas, Civil, Criminal, and Mixt,as fully and amply, of all Pleas. to ap Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the Courts of Kings Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, within his Majesty's Kingdom of England, have or ought to have; and the said Court shall be duly and constantly kept at the Town of Sf. yago de la Vega, and not elsewhere, once every Three Months, and not oftner; and that there be Five Judges at the lead: appointed to hold the fame Court, Three whereof to be a Quorum; and that the several inferior Courts of Common Pieces, established, or that shall be established in the several Precincts of this Island, shall have Jurisdiction over all Causes, wherein any Freehold is not concerned, to the Value of Twenty Pounds, with Costs, and no more; and that the fame be held and kept at the same Time and in the same Place of the respective Precincts, where the Justices of the Peace shall hold and keep the Quarter-session once every Three Months; and that none of the said Courts be kept oftner, nor in any other Place or Manner than is hereby declared.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in respect Port Royal is the chief Seat of Trade within this Island, and it is found by Experience that a quicker and more speedy Dispatch of all Maritime and Merchandizing Affairs gives the greatest Satisfaction to all Parties concerned, it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges of the Court there established, to hold and keep the fame once every Two Months, and not oftner; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Chancellor here for the Time being, upon Application made, to grant a Justice to any of the inferior Courts within this Island; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

No Judge to

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be Offic^before'5 lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, appointed, elected, or chosen to be he has taken Judge or Judges of the aforesaid Courts, to execute or officiate his or their said the Oath of p]ace or Office, until such Time as he or they shall respectively take the Oaths s ' of Allegiance and Supremacy in open Court; and that none of the said Judges, directly or indirectly, shall ask, demand, or receive any other Profit, Benefit, or Advantage from any of the Clerks of the said Courts, or other Person whatsoever, under Colour or Pretence of such their Place, Office, or Authority, but what is allowed them by the Acts of this Island, under Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds of current Money of this Island. judges to efta-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every Ordwsintheir Judges of t^ie fevera^ Courts before mentioned, be and are hereby suffi-Courts. ciently impowered to make, order, and establish all such Rules and Orders for the more orderly practising and proceeding in their said Courts, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as all or any of the Judges of the several Courts of the King's Bench, Common-Pleas, and Exchequer in England legally do; and that no Counsellor or Attorney be suffered to practise in any of the said Courts, until they be first admitted by the fame, and have taken as well the Oath of an Attorney, as the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds of current Money of this Island.

Counsellor, V. And whatsoever Counsellor or Attorney shall, by Negligence or Ignorance, hJcTienfs"2 niiftake his Client's Cause, and imperfedtly lay his Action, or ill draw the Decla-Cause, to pay ration, whereby the Client shall suffer a Nonsuit, he or they so offending shall Costs of Suit. ke ijai)jej Rule of Court, without any other Process or Course of Law whatsoever, to pay unto the Party aggrieved full Colls of Suit.

Act 19.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

29

VI. And to the End that no Person shall be damnified by Mistake of his 1681.

Lawyer for Matter of Form only, be it enacted and declared by the Authority ' — pr- —; aforesaid, That the Judges shall at all Times, on Motion made in Court, order Amendments; and shall not, upon Arrest of Judgment, or Writ of Error, for Hake of his Matter of Form only, reverse any Judgment whatsoever. Lawyer.

VII. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no No Action of Action of Waste shall be permitted to be brought, or allowed to lie within any Waite allow* Court of this Island; and that no Freeholder whatsoever, being of known Refi-any C(Jurt< deuce, shall be arrested by any Process out of any of the said Courts, upon the Penalty of Twenty Pounds current Money, to be paid by the Plaintiff to the Party

so arrested; and what Action, or other Proceeding whatsoever, shall be entered, sued, had, made, or prosecuted thereupon, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, shall and is hereby declared to be void and of no Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And that no Suit be had, or Process taken out of the Supreme Court Penalty on

of Judicature, for any Matter or Cause of Action under the Value of Twenty 'Jt3

Pounds current Money of this Island, upon Penalty of Twenty Pounds of the whence like Money, to be paid by the Plaintiff in the said Atftion; but that the fame be Debt amount* tried in the Court of the Precincts where such Cause of Action doth arise, pro-not co2o/-vided that both Parties reside there; and that the Inhabitants and Residents in St.

Catharine1 s, St. Dorothy s, St. ‘Thomas in the Vale, and St. John s, sue as formerly

in the Supreme Court, for any Sum whatsoever, until they shall have petty Courts in their own Parishes; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and Judgment to every the inferior Courts within this Island, upon Summons duly served, and the De-

Defendant not appearing, Judgment shall go by Default, in the same Manner and appears' not/ Form as in the Supreme Court.

[Proviso.]

X. Provided always, that it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That as well in the Supreme Court as any other the inferior Courts within this Island, the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, shall appear in open Court,

and there depose upon Oath, that the Party or Parties, against whom Judgment shall go by Default, hath been legally summoned Fourteen Days before the said Court; any thing in this Act, or any other to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And it is likewise enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Upon Proof upon any Declaration exhibited in Debt upon any Specialty or Bill under Hand; of Process or in case of a Book Debt, upon Concessit fohere, and disclosing the Special A^tachmfm

I Matter to the Chief Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature, that the said may be issued. Debtor, against whom the Plaint is entered, is either gone off this Island, or that upon Process already taken out against him, a Non eft inventus hath been returned. Attachment shall then issue, thereby commanding the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, to attach such Monies, Goods, Chattels, or Debts, in the Hands of the Possessors of the fame, be they Attorney, Wife, Servant, or any other Person; and also require them to appear at the next Court to shew Cause why the said Money, Goods, Chattels, or Debts, or so much thereof as will satisfy the said Debts then demanded, should not be delivered to the Plaintiff; at which Day, if the said Possessor or Debtor, be they Attorney, Wife, Servant, or other Person as aforesaid, be convicted by Confession, Verdict or otherwise, that the said Monies, Goods, Chattels, or Debts, do properly belong to the Person fa gone off this Island, or otherwise absented himself as aforesaid; and if the Plaintiff, before or after due Proof made, do solemnly swear in open Court, that his Debt is true, and that, directly or indirectly, no Part or Parcel of what he demanded is satisfied, and also give in Security in double the Sum he demands to restore the fame, with treble Damages, or so much thereof as shall at any Time afterwards be dilproved; that then, and in all such Cases, the Plaintiff shall have Judgment to recover the said Debt out of the said Money,

Goods, Chattels, or Debts, so attached as aforesaid. Provided always, That if any will appear as Attorney to the said Debtor, and put in Bail to answer the Action, and pay the Condemnation, that then, and in all such Cases, the

H Attachment

3°

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 19.

1681.

How Debts under 40l. shall be reco vered.

The Manner of serving all Processes.

In 173J uiade 14 Days.

Clause in Favour of Persons whose Goods are taken in Execution.

Within what Time they are to be (old.

How the Marshal is to behave where no Did refs can be made but on r\'e-. groes, (sfc.

Attachment on the said Money, Goods, Chattels, or Debts Wall be dilTolved, > and Proceedings had, according to the Cudom of the Common Law j but if the Possessor or Owner of such Money, Goods, Chattels, or Debts, be they Attorney, Wife, Servant, or other Person, as aforesaid, shall, after Attachment so laid on them in the respective Hands, dispose of the said Money, Goods, Chattels, or Debts, towards the Payment of any other Debts, before the said Debt, for which the Attachment was laid, be satisfied, or the said Attachment be dissolved; that then, and in all such Cases, the said Party for such their Default, shall be liable to make Satisfaction to the Plaintiff out of their own proper Estates.

XII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings, upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace, that the Debtor against whom he complaineth is gone off thi. Island, or otherwise absented himself, that then it Wall and may be lawful so; the said Justice of the Peace to issue out a Warrant of Attachment, to be levied by the Constable in Manner and Form as is before prescribed, to the Pro-voss-marWal for the Execution of the Writ, and to be immediately determined by the said Justice; any Clause in this Act, or any other to the contrary not-with (landing.

XIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Summons, and all other Process hereafter mentioned, shall be served and executed in Manner and Form as is herein directed, and in no other Manner or Way whatsoever; that is to fav, That all Summons as well from the Supreme Court as all other the inferior Courts within this Eland, Port Royal only excepted, shall be delivered to the Party, or left at their respective Dwellings, Fourteen Days before the several Courts, by a sworn Marshal; and that at Port Royal all Summons shall be delivered Ten Days before the Court, otherwise it Wall be deemed and taken as no Service, and the Defendant not bound by it to appear; and that all Replevins, foreign Attachments at the Supreme Court, and Warrants of Arrest, be served at any Time, as heretofore; and that no Execution shall be taken out, served, or executed, until Twenty-eight Days be fully expired after Judgment, except at Port Royal, where Execution Wall issue Ten Days after Judgment obtained; and that no Negroes, Horses, or any Manner of Utensils belonging to a Plantation, Brick, or Pot-work, nor any other Negroes whatsoever, from and after the making hereof, shall be taken in Execution, where the Party, again it whom the Execution is obtained, shall offer Goods for Satisfaction of the Debt and Costs of Suit.

XIV. And it is further enacted, That the said Defendant, who hath his Goods taken upon Execution, shall have free Liberty to convey and carry off the Goods so taken, at his own proper Costs and Charges, to the next and most convenient Place and Market, for Disposal of the said Goods, and there Wall have free Power and Liberty to make Contracts, bargain for, and fell the Goods so taken in Execution, the Defendant first acquainting the Marshal who levied the Execution upon the Goods with such Bargain or Contract, to the end the Marshal may deliver the fame, and receive the Produce thereof, according to his Precept.

XV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Defendant, after his Goods shall be so taken in Execution, as aforesaid, shall delay, or neglect felling or disposing of the Goods until Ten Days before the next en-suing Court, that then, and in all such Cases, it Wall and may be lawful for the MarWal to take the said Goods and Chattels of the Defendant, and the same to lell by public Outcry.

XVI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where no such Goods as aforesaid Wall be Wewn and offered to the Provoff-maiWal, so that the Negroes, working Cattle, or necessary Utensils must be taken in Execution, that then, and in all such Cases, the said Negroes, Horses, or Utensils, Wall not be removed, but remain dill in the Defendant's Possession j and that upon the MarWal's Return at the fame Court as aforesaid, that he haW levied such Effects, and left them in the Defendant's Hands, there issue out a Venditioni exponas, without any Charge of Mile-money, in these Words following

The

Act 19.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

3i

1681.

The King to the Provost-Marshal; Greeting.

WHEREAS We lately commanded thee by Our Writ, 'That of the Goods and Chattels Real and Per Jonah of A.B. thou shouldejl levy, or canfe to be levied, as also Cojls

of Suit vessele C.D. hath recovered against him; by virtue of which Writ thou didst return unto Us, That thou had ft taken in Execution of the said A.B. to the Value of the said Debt and Cofs of Suit; which said Goods remain in the Cujlcdy of the said A.B. We therefore command thee. That the Goods of the said A. B by thee in Form aforesaid taken, thou expoje to Sale, and the Money thereof coming, thou immediately render to the said C.D. for his Debt or Damages, and Cofs, as a for esaid; but if the Goods aforesaid fall be imbtzilled or made away, or that the said A.B. doth ?iot deliver the fame, that then thou levy the said Debt or Damages, and Cofs, upon any other the Goods and Chattels of the said A.B. and immediately expfe the same to Sale; and if thou canjl not findfujfcient Goods or Chattels, by which the whole Debt or Damages, and Cofs, may be satisfed, that then thou take the Body of the said A.B. and him safely keep, so that thou have his Body before Us at Cur next Court, to satisfy the said C.D. of the said Debt or Damages, and Cof, or so much thereof as by thee cannot be levied-, and have thou then and there this Writ. Witness, tic.

By Virtue whereof the said Goods shall be sold by publick Outcry at the next Goods to be Court of the Precincts where the Goods are taken; and if they are lo arrested or *pld b> Pab* taken in the Parish of St. Catharine s, St. Dorothy's, St. Thomas in the Vale, or Sr. 'hp n"^ry a John's, until they shall have petty Courts of their own erebled, Publication shall Co nof the be then made at the fame Court that the Return is made, that the said Goods lJ‘ecmcts. ^c' shall be fold Twenty Days after,by public Outcry, in the Parade-place of St.

Jago de la Vega-, and the Money arising from the said Sale, shall not remain in the Marshal's Hands, but be paid to the Plaintiff, or his Order, within Ten Days, under the Penalty of Half the Debt; to be recovered by the Plaintiff to his own Use, in any Court of Record within this Island, where no Essoin, Protection, or Waa;er of Law shall be allowed.

O

XVII. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Execution not Person against whom such Execution is issued hath not the Goods afore men- to be levied tioned in this Act by him to shew, and offer to the Marshal within the Time prescribed', that nevertheless, the Marshal shall not lay the Execution upon any ot.-er Cattle Negroes, working Cattle, or Utensil, upon or belonging to any Plantation, Brick, "ntJ^ pr"nci or Pot-work, or any other Negroes whatsoever, if the Defendant shew or deliver misses. to him any other Stock or Cattle, being in a Pen, the said Cattle or Stock to be sold by public Outcry, upon Venditioni exponas, to be issued as aforesaid.

XVIII. And it is further enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, Damages to That all Accidents that happen whilst the Goods that are taken in Execution Good, £sV.

1 1 1

remain in the Defendant's Possession, be borne and made good by the Defen- t^e dant; and that no Property shall be by the Defendant transferred, or made in fendanc. or to any such Goods that shall be so taken in Execution by virtue of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled and declared, Thatploviso where the Body of the Defendant shall be taken in Execution, that nevertheless, if any Effebls afterwards appear, the Plaintiff may take out another Execution, and levy the same on the said Effebls, for Satisfaction of the said Debt; any Law, Custom, or Usageto the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Prisonerhav-Prisoner or Prisoners under Execution shall have nothing to maintain him, her, ing. nothing to or themselves, that then he, she, or they, disclosing the fame upon Oath unto ma^'byO™' Two Justices of the Peace of the Parish where he, she, or they shall be Prison-der of Court, ers, and making it appear to the Judges of the Supreme Court, that he, she, ^lct to hlre' or they have given Notice to all their Creditors Ten Days before the said Court, that they, or either of them, intend to take the Benefit of this Act, bringing likewise to the said Court a Certificate of such their Oath, under the Hands and Seals of the said justices; that then the Prisoner or Prisoners so taken in Execution

32

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Acti9520.

i68j. ecution shall be publicly let to hire at the said Court, the Marshal receiving for — 1 his Fees a proportionable Share with the other Creditors; and the Money so arising from the said Hire shall be paid to such Persons as the Court shall ap-Creditordif- point, to be equally divided among the Creditors, as aforesaid; but in case any tenting, shall Creditor shall refule to consent to letting the said Prifcner or Prisoners to Hire* that then such Creditor shall pay, or cause to be paid, to the said Prisoner or Prisoners Three Shillings and Six Pence Weekly.

FutureAcqui-

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Prisoner or so f!tisfy Cre- Pr^oners f° let to Hire shall at any Time afterwards come to have or enjoy an diiors. Estate, having not first satisfied their Debts, that then, at all Times hereafter, the Judgment obtained against him, her, or them, shall remain good and in Force, and another Execution shall be taken out and levied against the Goods and Chattels of the said Prisoner or Prisoners, wheresoever they shall be found. Penalty on

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the marftiTmif Prov°ft"marftial by himself, or any of his Deputies, shall levy any Execution in behaving any other Manner than whit is herein before declared, or shall ask, demand, kimfelf. or receive any Mile-money for the executing any Writ of Execution, or Venditioni exponas, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every such Offence; to be recovered in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; the one Moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to the Party aggrieved.

Dispofuion of

XXIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Forfeitures. Fines, Forfeitures and Penalties before mentioned in this Act, and not declared how they shall be disposed of, shall be recovered in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; the one Moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof j and the other Moiety to the Informer, or he that shall sue for the same.

An Act appointing where the Laws of this If and shall he lodged.

Act 20. WHEREAS no Place hath been hitherto appointed for the lodging and W securing the Acts of this Island, so that his Majesty's Subjects have been at no Certainty where to find the fame, and take Copies thereof, to their great Detriment and Inconveniency; for Remedy whereof for the future, be it enacted an(j orc}ajnccl by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby Assembly of enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the End and Determination of this present Session, as well the original Acts heretofore made and enacted since the Seventeenth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and eighty, as those also herewith* or that shall hereafter be enacted, shall be lodged in the Secretary's Office of Enrolments at St. Jago de la Vega, and not elsewhere; and the Secretary for the Time being shall, at all Office Hours, be ready to shew all or any of the said Acts, when thereunto required by any of his Majesty's Subjects as may or shall have Occasion to view the fame; and shall give Copies thereof, or any Clause in any of them contained, for which he shall be allowed Eight Pence per Sheet, accounting Sixteen Lines to a Sheet, and Fourteen Words to a Line; and that he shall likewise be allowed for comparing and examining any Copy, containing the whole Body of the Laws, with the Originals, Forty Shillings current Money, and no more. Secretary to And to the end his Majesty's Subjects may be fully satisfied, no Embezil-

Security j j j j j

for the faith- nient, Razure, or Defacements of the said Acts or any of them, shall for the fu-ful keeping ture be committed in the said Office, it is enacted and ordained by the Autho-in hit Office? aforesaid> That the Secretary of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, that shall act in his Room or Stead, shall give in Bond, with good and sufficient Security, to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Four thousand Pounds, in the following Condition

this Island shall be lodged.

Secretary's

Fees.

T HE

Act 20,21. '(he LAWS o[ JAMAICA, 33

r~|"A H E Condition of this Obligation is such, That if the above-bound IS. B. 1681.

jkall and do veil and faithfully execute and perform the Offices and Places of^ — *--

Secretary and Clerk of the Enrolments for this his Majesty's If and of Jamaica; and afo faithfully and truly keep and preferse in his fat'd Office all and every of the Acts of this If and made since the seventeenth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord God One thousand six hundred and eighty, Jo that his Majesty's Subjects may have Recourse thereunto; and do in all Things elj'e comply with the Duty of the said Offices, according to the Trust repo fed in him, and according to the Laws of this Iffand in such Cases made and provided; that then the above-written Obligation to be void and of none EffeB, or elf to remain in full Force and Virtue.

III. Provided always, That neither the said Secretary, nor his Deputy for Penalty on the Time being, do or shall, from and after the Twentieth Day of November ca,ng before

1 j oecurity

next ensuing, presume to act or officiate his said Office, until he or they shall siven. enter into the aforesaid Bond, with the Condition before recited, upon Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds for every Time he or they shall so officiate or act in his said Office j to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction,

Wager of Law, or Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be admitted or allowed; the one Half to be to our Sovereign Loid the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of his Majesty's Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Half to the Informer, or him that shall sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided also, and be it hereby declared, That if the Secretary, or his lawful Deputy for the time being in this Island, shall enter into Bond, as aforesaid, which said Bond shall be lodged as is appointed in an Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Fees, that then it shall be accounted sufficient to discharge

him or them from entering into any other Bond, or Security required by the Acts of this Island; any thing herein, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

0- 0 0* if 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0*0 0 00 0 0- -0 0-0- 0000

An API requiring all Masters of Ships and Vessels to give Seen- *683.

rity in the Secretary's Office.

BE it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is enacted^CT 21.

and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Matter of every Ship Matters of or Vessel, or some other for him, in case of Disability, before he trade with this trad-Island, or land any Goods on the fame (living Creatures only excepted) shall if^nd/ro^ive wait upon the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and give in 1000/ Secu-Security in the Secretary's Office, with one sufficient Freeholder or well known ,.><pffons Merchant (such as by common Repute is held to be worth so much) in the of the lfLnd Sum of One thousand Pounds current Money of this Island, that he shall not ^i:hout ci'e carry off this Island any Person without the Governor's Ticket, nor depart him- Leave,Vv. self with his Ship or Vessel without the Governor's Leave, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money of this Island, to be recovered by due Course of Law in any Court of Record within the same; one Third thereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs, and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof j one Third to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and the other Third to the Informer; which Security the Secretary of this Island for the Time being is hereby impowered to take.

II. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, ThatProviso. the Matters of all Sloops, Barks, and Vessels, trading to and from any Parts,

• Ports and Harbours within this Island, or that shall be employed in turtling or fishing for the Use of this Island, shall be obliged to give Security in the Secretary's Office but once every Year; and that all Mailers of Sloops, Barks, and

I any

34

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 21.

1683.

How long a Person's Name shall beret up in the Secretary's Office, before a Picket shall be granted him to go off the Island, fjfe.

[Proviso.]

Where and how long the Secretary's Office shall be kept open, bfc.

any other Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants of this Island, trading to and from this Island, shall be obliged to give Security in Manner and Form as aforesaid but once in Six Months; any thing in the Act seeming to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy, shall not deliver any Person a Ticket, under the Hand of the Governor, to go off this Island, unless his Name have been set up in the Secretary's Office One and Twenty Days; a List of which Names shall be duly set up in the Secretary's Office, both at St. y^go de la Vega and Port Royal; and that the said Person do bring before him one or more of good Credit and Repute to make Oath (which Oath any Justice of the Peace, except the said Secretary, is hereby impowered to administer) that he hath known him or her to go by that Name for One Year, if he or she have been here so long; if not, then that he hath known him or her by that Name so long' as he or she hath lived in this Island; and that the fame Affidavit be kept filed in the said Office, otherwise that he take good Security for the paying such Person's Debts so departing; all which the said Secretary is bound to observe, under the Penalty of being liable himfidf to satisfy all the Creditors of such Person or Persons, or Masters or Mistresses of Servants, so obtaining a Ticket, or otherwise carried off by any Master of Ship or Vessel that shall not have given sufficient Security, according to the Intent and true Meaning of this Act; by which the aggrieved Person shall, by Virtue of this Act, have Remedy at Common Law against the said Secretary, Deputy-Secretary, or his or their Security. Provided nevertheless, That if the said Bonds are not sued within Two Years after their several Dates, they are hereby declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That the said Bonds, so given as aforesaid, shall be taken in the King's Name; but are hereby declared to be only to and for the Use and in Trust for the Person or Persons concerned. And that when any of the said Bond shall be put in Suit, and Judgment thereupon obtained, the Judgment shall remain in the fame Nature the Bonds were, and that no Execution issue out thereupon, before the Person aggrieved shall by Scire Facias, or other Process, summon the Person or Persons, against whom the Judgment aforesaid is obtained, to appear and shew Cause why Execution should not issue upon the said Judgment; and if the Plaintiff in the said Scire Facias shall duly prove what Damages he hath sustained, and thereupon a Verdict be found for him, the Judges shall in such Cases award Execution for so much as the Jury shall then find, and no more; and the former Judgment is hereby declired still to remain cautionary, for the Satisfaction of such other of his Majesty's Subjects as shall legally prove themselves damnified, and recover the Damages, as aforesaid, by due Course of Law; and if any Judgment have been already obtained, and thereupon Execution taken out for the whole Sum mentioned in the Bond, that in such Cases the said Judgment remain in Force; but that all Process thereupon do surcease and be stopt, and that no Benefit be had of the said Judgment before the Scire Facias be taken out, and the Damages legally proved, as aforesaid.

V. Provided also, That the said Secretary, or his Deputy, be obliged to keep his Office both at Port Royal and St. Jago de la Vega, and give Attendance at both Places from Eight to Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, and from Two till Five of the Clock in the Afternoon, except on Sundays and such Holidays as are usually observed in this Island, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds current Money of this Island; the one Moiety whereof to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to the Informer; to be recovered in any Court of Record by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

An Act 22, 23.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

35

An API encouraging the Settling of this If and.

BE it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and Act 22.

it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time what Quali-being, or any of his Successors, Governors of this Island, by Instrument under the Broad Seal of the fame, to make any Alien or Aliens, Foreigner or Foreign- pc,fonsto be ers, being already settled in this Island, or such as shall hereafter come to Fettle naturahfed. and plant in it, having first taken the Oath of Allegiance, to be to all Intents and Purposes fully and completely naturalised; and that the said Person so approved of, and named in the said Letters Patents, as aforesaid, shall, by virtue of this Act, have and enjoy, to them and their Heirs, the fame Immunities and Rights of and unto the Laws and Privileges of his Island, in as full and ample Manner as any of his Majesty's natural born Subjects have or enjoy within the same, or as if they themselves had been born within any of his Majesty's Realms or Dominions; any former Law, Ad, Ordinance, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And to the Intent the said Letters Patents and Instruments, under the Broad Seal of this Island aforesaid, may be obtained without any great Difficulty or Charge, be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor, or Commander in Chief, shall have and receive for the fame, Five Governor's Pounds current Money of this Island; and his Clerk for writing of it, Ten Shil- Fees-lings j and no more shall be paid to any Person or Persons for the passing the fame, upon any Pretence whatsoever.

III. And whereas several Aliens and Foreigners that have formerly transported themselves to this his Majesty's Island, have taken up and patented in their own Names several Parcels of Land, or otherwise made rurchafes of Lands,

Houses, or other real Interest, and afterwards the fame have been fold, devised, or else taken by Escheat or Ceffavit, and granted to any of his Majesty's liege People, Inhabitants of this Island; it is therefore hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Person or Persons that have so bought, or do hold by virtue of any Devise of any Alien or Aliens, any Lands, Houses, are hereby or Tenements, be as well secured, and by virtue of this Act: be for ever confirmed confirmed, in the quiet and peaceable Possession of all such Purchases or Devises, as if they had been fold or devised by any of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, and shall be good to their Heirs and Assigns for ever; any former Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for ordering Boats and TVherries-> and letter Government

of Seamen.

BE it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby Act iy enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Shallopman, Boatman, or p . Wherryman, or any other Person or Persons employed in any Shallop, Boat, taken by Wherry, or other Vessel, shall ask or demand for Transportadon of any Goods, B'mmen.&V. Person, or Persons, but according to the Rates hereafter mentioned; viz. of Goo™or

II. For a Boat, or Wherry, from Pafage Fort to Port Royal, Salt Ponds, or Persons.

St. Andrews, or from St. Andrews to Pafage Fort, or backwards from any of the aforesaid Places in the Day-time, Two Shillings and Six-Pence, and in the Night, Three Shillings; and at usual Times when there are Six Passengers or more, of every Person, Six-Pence : And whatsoever Wherryman shall refuse so carry any Person to or from the aforesaid Places at the Rate aforementioned, shall forfeit Twenty Shillings; to be recovered from the Owner of such Boat by a Warrant of Distraint from any of his Majesty's Justices, and to be disposed of for the Poor of the Parish.

III. And the Freight of any Goods or Liquors betwixt any of the aforesaid Places, Three-Pence the Hundred.

IV. For

36 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 23.

1683. IV". For any Quantity not exceeding a Barrel, Seven-Pence Halfpenny per "'V' — -> Barrel, and Eight-Pence per Hogshead.

V. And that no Boatman or Shallopman have for the Freight of One hundred Weight of any Goods, if he brings them from the North Side of this Bland, between the Eastermost Point and Point Negril, to any Part of the South Side, more than Two Shillings, provided the fame exceed not the Quantity of a Barrel.

VI. For every Parrel, Three Shillings.

VII. And for every Hogshead, Eight Shillings; and so proportionably for a greater Quantity than a Barrel.

VIII. And for every Head of great Cattle brought alive. Ten Shillings.

IX. And for a Sheep or a Hog, Twelve-Pence.

X. And for every Passenger, Two Shillings.

XI. And the fame Rates they shall receive for Passengers, Goods, or Cattle, from the South Side to the North Side.

XII. And that each Boatman have for the Freight of any Goods from Port Royal to Port Mor ant, or Richardson s Bay, or any Landing-place to Port Royal, Nine-Pence per Hundred, not exceeding an Hogshead, except it be Barrels, at Two Shillings per Piece.

XIII. And for an Hogshead, Five Shillings.

XIV. And for Wood, which they shall carry at Ten Shillings per Ton.

XV. And Eighteen-Pence per Head for Passengers.

XVI. And that they shall have from Port Royal to any Part of St. David*s, or from any Part of St. David's to Port Royal, Six-Pence for every Hundred, not exceeding an Hogshead.

XVII. And for every Hogshead, Four Shillings.

XVIII. And for every Passenger, Twelve-Pence per Head.

XIX. And for every Ton of Wood, Eight Shillings per Ton.

XX. And that the said Boatmen or Shallopmen shall demand and receive for Freight of any Goods they shall carry to Port Royal from any Landing-place between Point Negril and Point Pedro, Eighteen-Pence per Hundred.

XXI. Two Shillings per Barrel, and Six Shillings per Hogshead.

XXII. And from Aligator Pond, Twelve-Pence per Hundred, and Six Shillings per Hogshead.

XXIII. And from Milk River, Twelve-Pence per Hundred, Two Shillings per Barrel, Five Shillings per Hogshead.

XXIV. From Carlisle Town, Twelve-Pence per Hundred, Two Shillings per Barrel, and Four Shillings and Six-Pence per Hogshead.

XXV. And from Old Harbour, Six-Pence per Hundred, Fifteen-Pence per Barrel, Three Shillings per Hogshead.

XXVI. And that the said Boatmen shall receive the said Rates from Port Royal to any of the said Places.

XXVII. And whatsoever Shallopman, Boatman, or Wherryman, or any other Person or Persons employed therein, shall demand greater Rates than is mentioned in this Act, shall forfeit Ten Pounds Sterling for every such Default; the one Plalf to be to our Sovereign Lord the King for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, who shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

No Negro to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted and ordained, That no Negro, Indian, or Wherry^bV Mulatto, shall be permitted or allowed to row in any Wherry belonging to this Island; and that no Owner of any Canoe shall be permitted to employ any of them, without having one White Man therein; and that all Owners of Boats, Wherries, or Canoes, shall every Night chain and lock every of them to some Bridge or firm Port:, and also take away the Oars, Sails, and Rudder, andfecure them in some safe Place under Lock and Key; and whatsoever Master or Owner of any Wherry, Boat, or Canoe, shall offend in any of the foregoing Clauses, shall forfeit for every such Offence Ten Pounds Sterling; to be recovered and disposed of as afore mentioned.

Act 23.

37

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

XXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby intended, That each Matter or 16S3. Owner of Wherry, Boat, or Canoe, shall have Six Months Time allowed them, ' — tv — J from the making hereof, to furnish themselves with White Men, in order to the PrOV‘r°‘ Performance of this present Act.

XXX. And it is enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Account of Mailers of Boats, Shallops, or other Vessels that trade from Place to Place, ^efi^sbL"df* in or about this Bland, shall, every time they arrive at Port Royal, leave an iuhe AW Account of their Loading in Writing at the Naval-Office, at any Time between0*.

Sun and Sun.

XXXI. Provided, That their Loading is nothing but the Growth, Produc-Proviso. tion, or Manufactory of this Bland; and such Notice and Account, given in Writing as aforesaid, shall be accounted a sufficient Entry, and discharge any such Master from any Trouble whatsoever.

XXXII. And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, who shall hereafter be indicted or impleaded for the Persons steal-stealing or feloniously taking away of any Shallop, Boat, Wherry, Canoe, or ^llb^de^' other Veil'd from any Part of this Bland, or shall be consenting, aiding, or af-cdFdons. filling to the doing of the fame, and shall thereof be convicted according to Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

XXXIII. And it is further enacted and declared, That if the Intention, Con- Penalty on trivance, or Complotting of any Person with others, to ileal away any Shallop, p?rfons con-Canoe, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, shall evidently appear by sufficient Proof, ^dingVo" or their own Confession; the Offender or Offenders, if free, shall be condemned steal Boats, by the Justices in Sessions to pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to our Sovereign Lord

the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland, and the contingent Charges thereof: And if the said Person or Persons so found guilty shall not presently pay the said Ten Pounds, or give Security for the fame, the Justices in Sessions shall presently expose the Offender or Offenders to public Sale for the Payment thereof, not exceeding the Term of Four Years: But if the said Person or Persons so offending shall be Servants, then he or they shall be ordered by the Justices in Sessions to be whipt, not exceed ng Thirty-nine Lashes on the bare Back, in some publick Place in the said Bland; and also, that he or they so offending shall, after their Time expired by Indenture, Cuilom, or Covenant with his or their Master, Miilrefs, or Employer, be sold by the Justices in Sessions for the Term of Four Years and the Money that he or they shall be sold for, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland, and the contingent Charges thereof.

XXXIV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sea-No Credit to man belonging to any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, shall be trusted for any Thing; ^s^men and that whosoever shall truil him or them, or retain any of them in their a"y earaen> Houses, shall lose his or their Money which they so truiled them withal, and be likewise liable to be proceeded against, as by the Act of this Country for retaining

Mens Servants, and to be subject to all those Penalties therein mentioned, excepting Matter of Trade.

XXXV. And if any Victualler, or Retailer of ilrong Liquors, do truil any Retailer of

Seafaring Man, not generally residing upon or belonging to this Bland, above the S^°nssn^t1*to Value of Forty Shillings, though he have Bond or Bill for the fame, he shall lose giv^Credit^o his or their Money which they so truiled them withal. a"y Seaman.

XXXVI. And if any Commander of ShiporVessel shall entice away any Sea- Commander man belonging to any other Ship, before he be lawfully discharged, he shall forfeit of Vessel en-Fifteen Pounds Sterling j the one Half thereof to the Use of our Sovereign Lord " o'ngaS^eern the King, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland, and the ship, forfeits contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to him or them that shall sue ‘s7-

for the fame, in any Court of Record, by Bill, Plaint, or Information; any thing herein, or in any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas many Times Disputes have arisen at Port Royal about By whom Ja-executing the Warrants of justices of the Peace upon the Water which is within stices War‘

injDri r i - ~ r,. . r r rants shall be

the Body or the said Precincts; it is therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, executed on That all such Warrants given by Justices of the Peace against any Person or Per-the Water*

K

3«

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 23, 24.

1683.

How Seamen shall be pu-niffied who desert their Ships.

Penalty on Persons going on board a Ship without Leave of the proper Officer, & c.

No Merchant, £sfc. to treat with the Commander of any Vessel, before he has been with the Governor of the Island.

fons on board any Ship or Vessel, be directed to the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputies, or any of the lawful Confhbles of the Place, according to the Tenor of the said Warrant, who are hereby required and impowered to execute the said Warrant, and to receive for the fame Three Shillings.

XXXVIII. And whereas divers Seamen, out of an Opinion of employing themselves here to better Advantage, have taken an Occasion to desert the Ships they belong unto just as they are ready to fail, to the great endangering both Ship and Cargo j be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Seaman shall desert the Ship he belongs unto, and fit all be found or taken after the Departure of the said Ship, and cannot produce sufficient Testimony of his being lawfully discharged by the Master or Commander thereof, shall, by Order of any one Justice of the Peace, receive Thirty-one La flies on the bare Back by the common Hangman, or other inferior Servant of the Prison, who shall hereby be commanded, in any publick Manner the said Justice shall diredft.

XXXIX. And forasmuch as divers Inconveniencies happen by the disorderly going on board Ships, before the Master hath been on Shore with the Governor, as well in the Miscarriage of Letters, as the ingrossing the most useful Commodities; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, without Leave of the Chief Officer upon Port Royal, shall presume to go on board any Ship or Vessel, at her entering into Harbour, until the Marshal, or his Deputy, have first been on board with the Master, and brought him on Shore to the said Chief Officer1, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings; to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace, in the same Manner as is directed in the Act; Impowering fujlices to decide all Differences not exceeding Forty Shillings; the one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Master, Merchant, Factor, or other Person whatsoever, presume to treat, grant, or obtain a Promile for any Merchandise or Commodiy to the Value of Ten Shillings, or any Quantity of Tonage or Freight, until the Master hath been with the said Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island, or some other Officer as he shall appoint, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds on each Person that shall so treat, grant, or obtain a Promise, as aforesaid, any Custom or Usage to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding; the same to be one Half to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in jmy Court of Record within this Island.

An Act for regulating Surveyors.

Act 24. T~> B it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That no Person what-Surveyor-ge. soever shall presume to act or perform the Office or Employment of a Surveyor-adasfuchbe- general within this Island, before he hath given good and sufficient Security in the fore he has Sum of Four Thousand Pounds, current Money of this Island, for the just and givenSeeumy Performance of his Office and Trust, according to the Duty of his said

Performance0 Office and Employment, and that the Bonds for Security be carefully kept and of his Office, recorded in the Secretary's Office; and upon any Damages received by any Person from the said Surveyor, or any deputed under him, in the negligent or corrupt Performance of his or their Surveys, and due Application thereon made to the Governor, the said Bond shall be put in Suit, and due Recovery thereof made for such Damages as they shall prove to have received, in the same Manner and Form as is declared and provided by the Act, entituled, An Act requiring all Masters of Ships and Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act,

That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to survey, re-survey, and run any dividing Lines, and give Plats of any Land already patented, or that shall be patented or surveyed within this his Majesty's Island, except where the King is or shall be a Party; in which Cafe only the Surveyor-general,

Act 24, 25. The LAWS of JAMAICA,

nBral, his Deputy or Deputies, or any other Person thereunto lawfully autho- 1683.

rifed by the Governor for the Time being, shall fury'cy, re-survey, or run di- v-

viding Lines, and give Plats thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage seeming to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Within what Surveyor-general, or any other Person thereunto lawfully authorised, as aforesaid, Time{-^a^‘r shall, by himself, or his Deputy or Deputies, execute every such Order or War- veying shall rant for the surveying or running out of Lands, as from time to time shall be be executed, directed to him or them, as aforesaid, within a reasonable Time after the proving of such an Order or Warrant; that is to say, in any Place within the Parishes of St. Catharine, Port Royal, or St. Andrew, within one Month; in any Place within the Parishes of Vere, Clarendon, St. Dorothy, St. John, St .Mary, St. Thomas in the Vale, St. David, or St. Thomas to Windward, within Three Months j and in any other Parish whatsoever within this Island, within Six Months; upon Penalty of one Hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every such Default j the one Half to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Person aggrieved, or to him that shall lue for the fame; to be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

IV. Provided always, That if any Person under the Pretence of surveyingProviso. Lands, shall cause the Surveyor, or any of his Deputies, to' take a Journey, and when he comes at the Time and Place assigned, shall not be there ready to shew him the Land that is to be surveyed, lo that he cannot perform the fame; the Parties aforesaid shall pay and satisfy unto the said Surveyor or his Deputy, Ten Shillings per Diem for every Day he shall so lose, for his Pains and Charges in the said Journey.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sur-Where the veyor-general, by himself, or his Deputy, erect his Office at the Town of St. Jago ^effice of Surj de la Vega, under the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds, current Money of this fran0bfenera Island, to be recovered and levied as aforesaid; and that he, or his Deputy, keep erected* or attend his Office from Eight to Eleven in the Forenoon, and from Two to Five in the Afternoon, every Day, except Sundays and Holidays, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings, to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace, to the Uses aforesaid; any Custom or Usage heretofore to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

VI. Provided, That a Power be left in the King's Majesty, and his Officers, to re-examine the Surveyors for what concerns his Majesty.

An Act for further directing and regulating the Proceedings of

Surveyors.

ORASMUCH as it hath been found by Experience, that the Abl, entitu-Act 25. led, An Act for regulating Surveyors, hath not sufficiently provided against the several Abuses by sundry evil-disposed Surveyors formerly, and nowalfo often done and committed, contrary to their Duty and the Trust reposed in them, to the Damage of his Majesty, and of his liege People of this Island, and which in some Cases may tend to the utter Ruin of many of his good Subjects; for Prevention whereof, be it enacted by the Governor and Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That no Surveyor Rules to be whatsoever presume to deliver any Plat, whereby any Parcel of Land shall pass obf*erved by the Broad Seal of this Bland, before he hath himself, in his own Person, abtu- meaning ally surveyed and measured the said Land on every Side thereof, where it is ac- and platting ceffible and possible to be done, and hath also seen the Lines fairly made, and Lands* the Corner-trees marked with the first Letters of his Name and Surname, expressed in the Order; and that the said Plat shall truly represent the respective Parcels of Land, with their true Bounds and Bearings, and expressing the Sort

of

I

40

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act

25.

1683. of Wood every Corner-tree is of, with the Alphabetical Marks aforesaid, and also insert the Scale of the fame, either drawn or expressed therein, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every such Default.

Surveyor to

II. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That foTh^reputed w^ere any Surveyor shall be called, or employed to survey or re-survey any Par-Owner of cel of Land, bounding upon any Land already taken up, the said Surveyor, heruns^a Line ^e^ore Pre^ume to run upon any such Lines, shall give Notice thereof to the upon them, reputed Owners or Posseifors of the said Land, if he know them, and that they are Inhabitants in the Precinct where the said. Survey or Re-survey is intended to be made or done; and if he does not know the Owners of the said Land, or that the said Owners dwell not in the Precinct, that then he give Notice to the Two next Neighbours, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every such Default.

III. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Surveyor shall presume to survey or lay out any Land to pass the Broad Seal of this Island, directly or indirectly, for his own Use, but shall employ some other Surveyor to do the fame, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And whereas sundry Surveyors have practised to give Plats to pass the King's Grant for several Parcels of Land, upon some of which Parcels they have, either through Negligence or evil Design, never made any actual Survey, mz. either marking one Corner-tree or more, and running and marking no Line, but projecting the Whole, or else some Part where the natural Situation of the Land would well permit the due Survey and cutting Lines, which tends to the Dilho-nour of his Majesty, and great Damage, even in some Cafe to the Ruin of many of his good Subjects of this Island; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all present Surveyors who have given Plats, whereby any Parcel of Land hath passed the Broad Seal of this Island, without actual fur-

Surveyor to lay out no Land for his own Use.

Surveyor to re-survey Land-, if his

[Proviso.]

former Survey veying on all Sides where the Situation of the said Land makes it possible to be onaU°Sidesen ^one> on Reflueft to them made at any Time, complete any former Survey, according to the Plat by them given, running fair Lines where they had before projected only, and marking Trees in the said Lines with Three Notches in Wood-land, according to Custom, and making fitting Marks in other Lands. V. And it is hereby also provided, That no Surveyor, or who hath executed

the Office as a Surveyor, is hereby obliged to make Re-survey, or cut Lines in Lands which have been patented more than Four Years; and whatsoever Surveyor, or that hath executed the Office of a Surveyor in this Island, shall, after due Request, as aforesaid, deny, refuse, or delay to cut the abovesaid Lines, and rectify the above mentioned Errors, in such Manner as is before expressed, shall forfeit for every Three Months they shall so deny, refuse, or delay the fame, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island; one Half whereof to our Sovereign Lord the King, for the publick Use of this Island, and the other Half to the Informer, Party injured, or who will sue for the same.

VI. And for Prevention of Disputes and Differences that may arise also of an evil Practice of some Surveyors, who, when an Order hath been given for running out Land, have made their own Advantage of the fame, running it out for other Persons; it is also hereby enacted, That every Surveyor shall, at any Time when an Order for the Survey of Land is offered him, immediately take a Memorandum thereof, with the Place where the Party bringing it desires it should be run out, mentioning also the Time of the Receipt thereof, and shall also write the fame on the Back of the said Order, and shall also survey the said Land accordingly for the said Person, if he be ready in reasonable Time, after due Notice by the said Surveyor given to shew the said Land; and if it shall so happen, that the said Surveyor shall have received an Order already, which he believes is for the said Parcel of Land, he shall then declare the fame, and also shew the said Order, if desired, under the Penalty of Forty Pounds for every such Default; and retum^Two every Surveyor shall, on every Survey, return Two Plats of the said Survey into Plats of his the Patent-office, the one to be left there, and the other to be affixed to the Survey into Grant. . 8

rr' VII. And

Act 25.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

4C

VII. And it is hereby also further enacted, That the Clerk of the Patents shall 1683.

unto the Grant, and keep the other Plat in the said Office, without any Embe- onc of which zilment of the fame; and that the Secretary of this Island shall record a true Copy ffialiPeaffixed of the Plat so affixed to the Grant or Patent, next unto the Record of each re- and the^ther spective Grant or Patent; and that the Clerk of the Patents shall receive for writ- kept in -.he ing an original Patent, Ten Shillings, and no more; and if the Clerk of the Pa-0tlice' tents, or Secretary of this Island, tball offend against any of the Clauses of this Act, he or they, who shall so offend, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Offence by him or them committed.

VIII. And it is also hereby enacted, That every Surveyor, or Clerk of the Pa-

tents, or any other Person, in whose Hands soever any original Plat is lawfully Pcesforthe lodged, shall, on Request by any one made, give a true Copy of any Plat in their Copy of an Possession, and receive Two Shillings and Six-Pence for the fame, and no more; ori^inal P:U-and whosoever aforesaid shall refuse or deny the fame, {lull forfeit Forty Shillings for every such Offence, to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace; one Half of which Forfeiture to be received by the said Justice, and paid by him to the Church-wardens, for the Use of the Poor of the Parish, and the other Half to the Party complaining.

IX. And whereas in an Act, intituled, An Act for regulating Fees, it is made Chafe for lawful for every Surveyor to receive Two Pence per Acre for all Lands by him pc^ °on surveyed, viz. for the Survey of the fame, and no more; it is hereby enacted by Surveyor's the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for every Surveyor to Fees-receive one Penny per Acre more than the said Act allows; that is, Three Pence

per Acre for surveying any Quantity of Land, and no more.

X. And it is hereby enacted, That every Person who shall receive a Commission Surveyor to from the Governor to be a Surveyor in this Island, shall give Bond, with suffici- gevcear3°°^r ent Surety, in the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, for the true and just Perform- the )A per-ance of his Office, before he act in the fame, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds formance of for every such Offence; the said Bond to be carefully kept and recorded in the Se- hli office' cretary's Office, that upon any Negligence or corrupt Performance of their Office,

it may be put in Suit, in the same Manner as is declared and provided for the Recovery of the Bond for Security given by all Masters of Ships and Vessels, and appointed in the Act, entituled, An Act requiring all Masters of Ships and Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office.

XI. But it is hereby provided nevertheless, That if the Surveyor-general shall ikoviso. keep his Office, and perform the Duties herein required, both in his own Person and his Deputies, and as is provided in an Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Surveyors; that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor-general to employ Deputies, as formerly hath been done; but that his Bond of Four thousand Pounds, mentioned in the aforesaid Act, shall remain cautionary for Security, that himself, and also his Deputies, do well observe and perform all the Di-redtions and Clauses of this Act for future Surveys, under the several Penalties therein expressed.

XII. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if Robert Felgate, Original Plats or any Person whatsoever, who have any original Plat in their Custody, do

return the fame into the Patent-office at or before the Five and twentieth Day of tent-office. March next ensuing, shall, upon due Corividlion thereof, for every Plat so kept back, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And it is also hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, Penalties &V. That all Penalties mentioned in this Act, and no Provision made where they ffiallhovv todbede' be recovered, or how disposed of, shall be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Informa- dffiookd of tion, in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection,

or Wager of Law shall be allowed; one Half of which Forfeitures shall be unto our Sovereign Lord the King, towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to him or them

affix one of the Two Plats delivered him by the Surveyor (as above provided)

L

Afup-

42

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 26.

A supplemental and explanatory ASL

it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it

Act 26.

Minister of the JD is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Mi-Parish to be nifter of each Parish be constantly one of the Vestry; and that no Vestry presume one of the Ve-to make any Order, without having first given timely Notice to the Laid Minister ry' to be there.

To whom the

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants the P^riihes of Par‘^i of St. Dorothy and St. 'Thomas in the Vale, pay all Parish Dues and St. Dorothy, Duties, as formerly, to the Parish of St. Catharine, till each be provided of a pC'-fhn pay Church and Minister of their own; and that the Precincts of the Magotty pay all an ues. parocj1jaj Duties to the Parish of St. John (Reparation of the Highways only excepted) until there be a Church built and a Minister settled in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale; and when the Parish of St. Dorothy shall be provided of a Church and Minister, that then the Bridge lying over Black River shall be built and repaired, whensoever there shall be Occasion for the fame, at the common and equal Charge of the Parishes of St. Catharine and St. Dorothy, and the Highways from the Ford of Rio Cobre at the Crescent unto Major George Needhams Walk, to be kept and maintained at the Charge of the Inhabitants of St. Thomas in the Vale.

TheEastand III. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a North-north*west of the ParShe* ^'lne, from the Head of Swift River to the South Bounds of St. Anne's, shall of St. Eliza, be the Easterly and Weflerly Bounds of the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Cla-

ieth and CI&

Notommon W. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after Horse-catcher the Twentieth Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand fix sVvanna toY ^un^rec^ eighty and three, no common Horse-catcher presume to ride or drive in take up any Savanna, to take up any Horses, Mares, or Colts, without having first given

Horses, till he Bond, with sufficient Security, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to the Juffi-igo/. Bond to ces fitting in °Pen Sessions of the Peace for that Precinct where the said Horse-the justices, catcher shall ride or drive, as formerly, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for each ^c' Offence; which Bond is to be taken in the King's Name, and due Recovery there-

on to be had, as is appointed in an Act requiring all Masters of Ships and Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office; and the said Horse-catcher having given such Bond, with Security aforesaid, shall obtain an Order from the Justices then fitting in Sessions, to ride and drive, as aforesaid; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. nor mark any V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after

Civin'e'Notice fir A Lay December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred in the Church. eighty three, no common Horse-catcher whatsoever shall mark Horse, Mare, or Colt, or any Sort of Neat Cattle, without having first given Notice in the Parish Church the Sabbath-day before they intend to mark, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every such Default.

Clause direa-

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after donal Words" ^e firA Lay of December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred to be inserted eighty three, it shall be inserted in the Bond of Masters of Ships or Vessels, giving in thebBo^ Security in the Secretary's Office, That no Master of any Ship or Vessel presume Bers'of Vef-1"to carty °ff this Island any Slave or Slaves without a Ticket under the Hand of feis, &c. the Governor or Commander in Chief; wherein shall be inserted the Owner's Name, who shall also make Oath before some one Justice of the Peace, that the said Slave or Slaves is his or hers, or that they have sufficient Power from the Owner of such Slave or Slaves to transport the fame, upon Forfeiture of double the Value of such Slave or Slaves so carried off without such Ticket; one Half of which Forfeiture to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the fame; and that the Secretary take Two Shillings and Sixpence, as his Fee, for each such Ticket, provided he insert as many in each Ticket as the Owner of the Slave or Slaves shall require. VII. And

Act 26. The LAWS of JAMAICA,

43

VII. And whereas it is thought fit and necessary, that Night-guards be duly and constantly kept in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Twentieth Day of October, in the Year of our Lo'd One thousand six hundred eighty three, at the Town of St. *Jago de la Vega there be constantly and duly kept, each Night in the Year, a Guard, confiding of Eleven Persons (that is to say) Three Troopers, with a Corporal o other Officer, and Six Foot-soldiers, with a Corporal or other Officer, such as the Captains of Troops and Companies, or their superior Officer, shall appoint; and whatsoever Officer or Soldier shall neglect his or their Duty herein, shall be fined in Manner as is appointed for Non-appearance in Arms in the Act for settling the Militia; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Captain of a Troop or Company within this Island, or other Officer, impowered by the Act for settling the Militia, to issue out Warrants for the levying of such Fines and Forfeitures relating to any Person under the Degree of a Captain, and to direct the same as well unto the Marshal of each Regiment, as the Serjeant or Corporal of the respective Troop or Company; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyors of the Highways for the several Parishes and Precincts of this Island for the Time being, upon any sudden or extraordinary Occasions for the Repairing the Highways, shall represent the same to the Justices of the respective Precincts where the Ways are broken; upon which the major Part of the said Justices, together with the Surveyors, are hereby impowered at any such Time or Times to lay a Tax upon the Inhabitants of the said Precincts, of such Money, Labour, or other Things, as to them shall seem necessary and convenient for ffie immediate Repair of the fame; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. Be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Sugar, Ginger, Anotto, Indico, Cacao, Cotton, or Piemento (being the Production of this Island) shall be taken upon Writ of Venditioni exponas, the same shall be carried to Port Royal, at the Charge and Risque of the Defendant, and there be apprais-ed by the Church-wardens for the Time being, in Absence of one of the said Church-wardens, then by the Church-wardens present, and either of the Churchwardens of the foregoing Year; and in Absence of both the Church-wardens for the Time being, then by both the Church-wardens that were for the preceding Year, the said Church-wardens being first: sworn to appraise the said Goods according to their just Value, without Favour or Affection to either Party, which Oath any one Justice of the Peace is hereby impowered to administer; and the said Goods so taken and appraised, shall by the Provost-marshal be forthwith delivered to the Plaintiff for so much Money as the same shall be appraised at, which shall be taken and accepted by the Plaintiff as so much Money effectually paid him; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Churchwardens shall receive from the Defendant Four Pence out of every Twenty Shillings Value of what they shall so appraise; and if they, or any of them, shall refuse to appraise upon Oath the Goods so taken as aforesaid, he or they so refusing, shall forfeit for every, such Refusal the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record within this Island; the same to be one Half to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, or he that shall sue for the same.

XII. Be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none shall be deemed or adjudged to be Freeholders of known Residence, unless he possess Five Acres planted, or a House of the Value of Ten Pounds per Annum on his Freehold, and all others shall be liable to an Arrest:; any former Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

1683.

- V--- — J

A Guard to be nightly kept at St. Jago' de la Vega.

By whom Warrants for levying Forfeitures maybe issued;

Surveyors and Justices may lay a Tax for Repair of Highways.

Ginger, &c. taken by Writ uf Venditioni exponas, to be carried to Port Royal, and fold there.

Church-wardens Fees for appraising Goods.

[Repealed,

Act 184, Clause 17.]

Freeholder's

Qualification.

44

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 26, 27.

Pfifonerriotto have the Bene-fit of the Act, until he has given in a List of all Debts, tSc. due to him.andtaken this Oath.

XIII. And whereas it is provided by an Act, entituled, An Act for ejbablifnng of Courts, and dire Bing the Marfal's Proceedings, That poor Prisoners, that have not wherewith to maintain themselves,' may, under certain Terms and Conditions therein expressed, be publickly let to hire, towards Satisfaction of their Creditors, by which divers Frauds have been committed; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Prisoner hereafter shall have the Benefit of that Act, until he or she shall have first delivered into the Court a true and perfect Lift of all the Debts, Goods, and Monies that he or she hath or can claim in this Island, and there made a full Asignment and Delivery ther-eof unto the Provost-marshal, for the Use of the Creditors, and have further taken in open Court this following Oath:

I A.B. do fiuear, That I have ncno delivered into the Court a true and perfect Lif of all the Debts, Goods, and Monies which I have, or can any way lay Claim unto in this If and-, and that there hath not been, either by myself or any other by my Direction, made over, concealed, or any ways secured jor me, any other Goods, Debts, or Monies, more than is there expressed, excepting only Five Pounds reserved for my necessary Sniff ence:

So help me God.

ftahoacTo^nt

XIV. And the Goods, Debts, and Money so assigned and delivered unto the With Creditors Provost-marshal, shall be by him accounted for, and paid unto the said Creditors for such in such Proportions as by the said Act is directedTor the Hire or Wages of the Goods, $ervant. any Law or Custom heretofore toihe contrary notwithstanding.

Disposition of

XV. Provided also, That the several Fines,* Forfeitures, and Penalties afore-Lorfeitures. mentione(] in this Act, and not declared where they shall be recovered, and how disposed of, be one Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to the Informer, or him that shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Pro-tedtion, or Wager of Law shall be allowed j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for keeping open old Paths to publick IV‘atering-Places.

Act 27. TT* OR AS MUCH as it hath not been hitherto provided by any of the Acts r of this Country to give full and sufficient Power to the Justices of the Peace to grant Warrants to layout, upon Occasion, broad Paths to common and known Watering-places, whereby the Inhabitants of this Island may in Time be much prejudiced; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Coun-Justice toiffue cil, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That she'constabl'e upon Notice given to any Justice of the Peace, he shall, on Request, issue his to summon a Warrant to the next Constable in the said Parish, to summon a Jury to meet at outVpatlf f°me convenient Place and Day therein to be mentioned, to view and lay out such Road, £sv. Path or Roads as have been used to any publick, common, or known Spring, River, or Watering-place for Seven Years last past; which said Justice is hereby impowered to administer an Oath to the said Jury, that, according to the best of their Skills and Judgments, they will lay out such Way, as aforesaid j which having done, the Surveyor of the Highways is to make Return thereof to the Justices of the next Quarter Sessions of the Precincts, and if approved by the said Justices, shall be there filed or recorded, and after known for a publick Highway; and where new Fences on both Sides of the Path shall be needful, the same to be made and maintained at the Charge of the Precincts.

Act2 8,29* The LAWS of JAMAICA.

4-5

An Act appropriating certain Lands

publick Use.

WHEREAS some private Persons have

Port Royal, and built Houses very near unto the Walls of Chr/Jt Church and Fort Rupert, which not only incumber both, but may happen to endanger their Loss or Ruin; be it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, Houses built, That no Person whatsoever, having Land on the South Side Port Royal, between within 2oollC* Chriji Church and the Sea, or at the Eastermost End of Port Royal, within Two Foot of the hundred Foot of the Wall that runs near North and South cross Port Royal, commonly known by the Name of The Breajl Work, shall ever hereafter pre- shall be pulled fume to build any House, or other Fabrick thereon; and if any Houses are al- down-ready erected within the Limits aforesaid, they shall be pulled down; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And that all Persons, having Land or Houses within the Limits aforesaid, may receive just and due Satisfaction for the fame, it is enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Capt. Peter Beckford, Capt. Reginold Wi/fon, Capt. Personshaving Thomas Clerk, and any other Person chose by the Proprietor, are hereby appointed Houses there, and impowered to view the said Lands and Houses, as aforesaid, and to appraise to receive fich them according to their just and true Value; and whatsoever the said Appraisers, ti^forlhm or any Two of them, being first sworn by any One of his Majesty's Justices of as they shall the Peace, who is hereby impowered to administer the same, to appraise the said be aPPrailci Lands or Houses according to the best of their Judgments, shall judge to be the Value of the said Lands and Houses, shall be deemed and taken for the full Worth of the said Lands and Houses, and paid to the Proprietors out of his Majesty's Treasury of this Island; which Payment, or (in case of the Refusal of the Proprietors) Tender of Payment, vshall for ever be a good Bar against any Title to any Land or Houses within the Limits aforesaid; any Patent, Deed, Law*

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

upon Port Royal to the 1683. patented Parcels of Land upon Act 28.

An Act for puniping of idle Persons and Vagabonds, and for Relief of the Poor.

WHEREAS divers idle Persons and Vagabonds, though of able Bodies, use Loitering, and refuse to work for reasonable Wages in the several Parts where such Persons happen to dwell and abide, not having Living otherwise to maintain themselves, whereby the Charge of several Parishes may be much encreased; for Prevention whereof, be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, vand be it hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of January, in the Year of our Lord God One Thousand fix Hundred Eighty-three, the justices and Vestry of each Parish within this Island, or the major Part of them, (if to them it shall seem convenient and necessary) are hereby fully impowered to lay a reasonable Tax for the building One or more Floufes of Correction within their several Parishes, and for the providing Stocks of Money, and all other Things necessary for the fame, and for governing the fame, and for Correction and Punishment of Offenders thither committed; such Orders as the said Justices and Vestry, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time make, reform, or set down in that Behalf, shall be of Force, and be duly performed and put in Execution ,- any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

11. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Rogues, Vagabonds, and other idle Persons that shall be found wandering from Place to Place, or otherwise mifordering themselves, shall be apprehended by the Constables or Tythingmen of each respective Parish within this Island, and to carry him or her so apprehended before some one Justice of the Peace of that Precinct;

M and

Act 29*

The Justices and Vestry of every Parish impowered to build Houses of Correction for punishing Offenders there, £sV.

Persons found wandering or mifordering themselves, howto be punished.

r

46' The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 29,30.

1683. and if upon Examination it appear, that the Apprehended te Persons fit and

- able to work, and do refuse so to do, but wander about, as aforesaid; that then the said Justices shall order him or her to be whipped on the naked Back, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lashes in the whole, by the said Con liable or Tythingman, and shall be forthwith sent from Parish to Parish by the Constables or Tything-men of the fame, the next straight Way to the Parish where he or (lie dwelt for one whole Year then lad pad. And for such other po'~r impotent Persons wandering from Place to Place, as aforesaid, they shall be sent from Parish to Parish by the Condables or Tythingmen of the fame, to the Place of their lad Abode.

[Proviso.]in Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no such Person or Persons as above mentioned, shall be returned as aforesaid, if he, she, or they have continued to dwell in the said Parish above the Space of ThreeMonths; and whatsoever Condable or Tythingmen that shall neglect his or their Duty herein, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Default; one Half of which Forfeiture to be to the Church-wardens, for the Poor of the said Parish, and the other Plalf to the Informer; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace; any Law, Cudom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Church-war-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and cred to bird may lawful for the Church-wardens of each Parish within this Island, with 'poor Children the Assent of any Two Justices of the Peace in that Precinct, to bind any poor Apprentices, children belonging to the said Parish to be Apprentices where they shall see convenient, until such a Man-child shall come to the Age of One and Twenty Years,

' and such a Woman-child to the Age of Eighteen Years, or the Time of her

Marriage; to be as effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Child was of full Age, and by Indenture of Covenant bound him or herself; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for vacating several irregular Grajits, surreptitiously obtained, for Royal Mines, Shoal-water, Anchorage, and

Fishery.

Act 30; WHEREAS there have been several irregular Patents and Grants surreptitiously obtained, contrary to former Usage, Law, and publick Good of his Majesty's Island, for Fishery and Shoal-water, in and about the Harbour of Port Royal, and other Harbours, and the Water before several Persons Land, and also Royal Mines, and also the Parade in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and the Fishery in and between Rio Ccbre, and the Salt River in St. Andrews Pa-Grants of rish; it is therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Aftem-S^fuie'T bly» anc^ be it enacted by the Authority of the same, That all and every such tiously obtain- Grants and Patents are and he hereby declared null and void, to all Intents and ed,declared Purposes whatsoever; the said Letters-patents, or any thing in them, or any of them, contained, or other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Patents preju-

II. And that no such Grants or Patents as are now, or shall be hereafter chorage grante^j that shall be prejudicial to Anchorage, Navigation, or common Fishery,

declared void, shall be good.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always nevertheless, That all Owners of any Land adjoining

upon any Harbour, Bay, or Creek, shall have Liberty to take up the Shoal-water to make Wharfs, or Bridges convenient, before their own Land, and none else; and that all Patents already granted for Shoal-water, or building of Wharfs, or Bridges before any Man's own Land, shall be deemed good.

IV. And whereas there have been several Patents for the Parade-place upon Port Royal, and for Eleven Hundred Acres of Land without the Breast Work, or of Part thereof, granted to several Persons since Grant thereof was made to several Persons, and their Heirs or Successors, to the Use of the Parish of Port Royal under Pretence that the said Grants to them to the said Uses are void in

Law;

Act 30,31. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

47

Law; be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby 1683.

enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said several Grants, - — -»

or any other Grants or Patents, first made to the Use of the Parish, shall be Patents o-rant. deemed good and valid to the passing of the Premifies therein contained; and ed to tll<DP*-that all other Patents granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever, of any Part °/^fr7arcd of the said Parade-place, or of the said Eleven Hundred Acres of Land, or any valid, cr>. thing else, since the Dates of the said Grants, or any of them, to the Use aforesaid, be and are hereby adjudged null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing in the said Letters-patents, or any of them, or any other Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for establishing a perpetual Anniversary Fajl on the Seventh 1693.

of June. v J

FORASMUCH as it hath pleased Almighty God, the great Creator and Act 31.

Judge of Heaven and Earth, on the Seventh Day of June, One Thousand Six Plundred Ninety-two, justly to punish the Inhabitants of this Island for their manifold Sins and Wickednesses committed against his Divine Majesty, by a most terrible and dreadful Earthquake, which not only laid waste our Estates and Places of Habitation in general, but also destroyed many Hundreds of People; which tremendous Judgment was succeeded by a raging Sickness and Mortality, that few or no Families escaped : Now, that so signal a Vifttation may be had in perpetual Remembrance, and we and our Posterity may, by humbling ourselves, endeavour to appease God's imminent Wrath, and prevent heavier Judgments, we, your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects, your Majesties Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your mold Sacred Majesties, that i: may be enacted by their Majesties Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That every Seventh Day of June The 7* (unless it falls out to be on the Lord's Day, and then the Day following) shall ^ily°kept"s be for ever hereafter set apart, to be kept and observed by all the Inhabitants of a Day of Fatt-this Island as an Anniversary Day of JFafting and Humiliation; and that all and in£^nHu* every the Inhabitants aforesaid, shall, upon the said Day, annually resort to some usual Place where Prayers and Preaching are used to be ministred, and there orderly and devoutly abide during the Celebration of Divine Service, by Prayers,

Preaching, Singing of Psalms, &c.

II. And to the End that all Persons may be put in Mind of their Duty therein, and be the better prepared to discharge the fame with that Piety and Devotion as Minister to becomes them; be it further enacted, That every Minister shall give Notice to his Parishioners in the Church, or other publick Place of Divine Worship, at Day the w Morning Prayer, the Sunday next before every such Seventh Day of June, for the day before> Observation of the said Day; and that he provide a Sermon suitable to that Occa- sermon^uita-fion; and that in such Parishes where there is no Minister, this Act shall be pub- We to the Oc-lished annually in the Sessions next before the Seventh of June, as aforesaid. caslon ,&c.

III. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Work to no Person or Persons whatsoever, neither by themselves, Servants, or Slaves, feidDaj^nor shall do, or cause to be done any Manner of Work in his or their Trade, Shops. &c. Calling, or Plantation; and that no Shop, Tavern, Coffee or Punch-house be kept opeil‘ kept open on the said Day, on Penalty of forfeiting Forty Shillings for every Person, by himself, Servant, or Slave so offending, as aforesaid; to be recovered before any of their Majesties Justices of the Peace, who are hereby required and impowered to award the fame; one Half of which Forfeiture shall be to the Church-wardens, for the Use of the Parish; and the other Half to the Informer, or him that shall sue for the same.

An

48

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 32.

An Act for making Kingston a Parish.

w HERE AS it hath pleased Almighty God, by his late dreadful Judg-

Act 32.

ment, to lay wade and destroy the Habitations and Dwelling-places of many of the People late of Port Royal, whereby they were necessitated to resort to some more convenient Place, wherein to unite and settle for the Advantage of Trade, and better Conveniency of Living; and did, by the Encouragement of the then Government, repair to and settle upon a certain Place now called and known by the Name of Kingston, in the Parish of St. Andrew, on the Harbour of Port Royal aforesaid, and have, with great Trouble and Charge, made a considerable Progress in building and settling there; and being willing and desirous there to continue, by reason of the convenient Situation of the Place, and Commodiousness of the Channel and Harbour; be it therefore enacted and ordained by their Majesties Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is here-How the Pa- by enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the aforesaid Xjhn ihalfbe* ^ace> commonly called and known by the Name of Kingston, lying in the Pa-bounded. rish of St. Andrew, on the Harbour of Port Royal, bounded Southerly by the Harbour, Weflerly and Northerly by the Line of the Land of Sir William Bee-fton Knight, and to continue from a , his North-easterly Corner-tree, by a straight Line, to the Foot of the long Mountain, Eighty Chain Distance from the Sea, and from thence towards three Rivers of the fame Distance from the Sea, until it meets with the Bounds of the Parish of Port Royal; and also all that Tart of the Harbour which lies to the North-easterly and Easterly Part of the middle Ground, shall be, and for ever hereafter be taken and esteemed, to all Intents and Purposes, an entire and diflindt Parish, separate from the said Parish of St. Andrew, and be called and known by the Name of the Town and Parish of Kingst on; and have, use, exercise, and enjoy all and every the Powers, Authorities, Benefits, Privileges, Rights, Immunities, and Customs, that all or any of the Parishes or Precincts within this Island have, or ought to have, use, exercise or enjoy of common Right, or by virtue of any general Act or Acts of this Country, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if the fame had then been a Three Repre- diflindt and separate Parish or Precinct, and therein by Name expressly mentioned fentatives to and specified; and particularly, that there shall be chosen Three Representatives Jjj^'to serve in every Assembly hereafter, or after the firffc Prorogation of this present inMembiy. Assembly, for the said Town and Parish of Kingston; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Common°f H- And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Pleas, &c. to for the Ease of the Merchants and trading People of the said Town of Kingston, tid Town^ there be erebled, established, and held in the said Town, a Quarter Sefhons for the Conservation of the Peace, and a Court of Common Pleas, with the fame Power and Authority that is or hath been lately held or exercised at Port Royal; which said Court shall be held the firffc Time on the second Thursday in October, in this present Year One Thousand fix Hundred Ninety-three, and afterwards once every Two Months, and the Sefhons every Three Months; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding. officers to

III. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That

K66D their '

Offices in the the Receiver-general, Secretary of this Island, and Naval-Qfhcer for the Time TownofKing- being, do, by themselves or Deputies, within One Month after the pafhng this % ^/,S&c.°rt Act, keep, or cause to be kept in the Town of Kingston aforesaid, their several and respective Offices, as they now do, or heretofore have or ought to have done on Port Royal, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds each, for every Month they, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to do the fame; to be recovered against them, or any of them, by Bill, Plaint, Information, or otherwise, in the Supreme Court of this Island; the one Half to their Majesties, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, or him that shall sue for the fame; wherein no Effioin, Injunction, Protection, Wager of Law, or Non wait idterius prosequi shall be allowed.

An Act 33.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

49

An Act for the better f curing of Port-Royal.

1693.

ax

ree-

WHEREAS the Town of Port Royal is a Town of a very considerable Act 33.

Trade, and of great Strength to refill the Enemy in Time of War, by reason of their Majesties Fortifications, and a great Number of Houses, through the Mercy of God, left {landing thereon : And whereas by the late dreadful Earthquake, the Land on the Back Sea Side is settled lower than it was; by reason whereof the Sea hath more Power to gain upon it, and if not timely prevented by wharfing, to refill the Violence thereof, may endanger the Houses that are Handing on that Sea Side; for Prevention whereof, be it enacted and ordained . by their Majesties Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be law- jadices im-ful from and after the Twenty fifth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord OneP:nvcre^ thousand six hundred ninety three, for the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Port ' F Royal, or the major Part of them, to afifefs, tax, and levy such Sum or Sums of holders in the Money upon all and every the Freeholders of the said Parish of Port Royal, as to °{fort them shall seem meet and convenient, for and towards the wharfing, or otherwise preservingit. securing the Town of Port Royal towards the great Sea Side above mentioned.

II. And whereas after the Wharfs are made, they may from time to time want repairing; be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Constable's may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry of Port Royal aforesaid, or the major Part of them, to assess, tax, and levy yearly and every Year, such Sum or Sums Tax. ° of Money upon the Freeholders of the said Parish of Port Royal, at such Times as to them shall seem requisite or necessary for repairing and maintaining the said Wharfs and that the Con liable or Constables of the said Parish of Port Royal shall gather in the abovesaid Monies so to be levied, assessed, and taxed, as before mentioned and appointed by this present Act, and pay the same into the Hands of the Church-wardens of the said Parish of Port Royal for the Time being, deducting to him or themselves Four-Pence in the Pound for collecting the same.

And in case any Constable or Constables shall neglect his or their Duty in collect- ing, gathering, or paying in the Money so collected by virtue of this Act; he or they so neglecting his or their Duty therein, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

III. And in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or delay to pay his or their.

Tax so to be assessed, taxed, and levied, as in this present Act is prescribed; be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may The Tax on be lawful to and for any Two of their Majesties Justices of the Peace of the Non-Pay-

j j ' ment to be iCm

Parish of Port Royal aforesaid, to issue out their Warrant of Distress, directed to v;ed by Di-any Constable of the said Parish, to levy the same upon the Goods or Chattels of stress. him, her, or them, so refusing or delaying to pay the same, and sell the same at publick Outcry, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner.

IV. And to the Intent that the Money which shall be collected and raised by virtue of this Act, may be applied to the Use and Purpose by this Act mentioned and directed, be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That To be paid the Church-warden or Church-wardens of the said Parish of Port Royal for the b? the Time being, shall and are hereby required, from time to time, to pay the Money den"rtc0 p^' arising by virtue of this Act to such Person or Persons, and to such Uses, as the fens appoint-Justices and Vestry, or the major Part of them shall direct and appoint; and the Ju' Church-wardens of the said Parish for the Time being shall keep a distinct Account of the Money by them and each of them received by virtue of this Act, and likewise render a true and just Account thereof to the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of Port Royal, when thereunto required, and also pay the full Ballance of the fame unto the succeeding Church-wardens, or to whomsoever the said Justices and Vestry, or the major Part of them, shall direct and appoint, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Offence committed contrary to their Duty in this Act enjoined.

N V. And

co The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 33.

1693. V. And whereas several of the Freeholders of Port Royal maybe, or are not OOTV resident or Inhabitants on the said Place; for the better Recovery of the said Tax to be afiefled, as aforesaid, be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority How to be aforesaid, That in such Cases, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of July, One Scovered of thousand six hundred ninety three, an Action of Debt shall lie in any Court not^efident. Record> or before any Justice of the Peace, as in other Debts, for the Churchwardens of the respective Parish of Port Royal, and their Successors, to recover against any of the said Persons rated or afiefled by virtue of this Act, or any of them, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, Agents, or Attornies here, all such Sum and Sums of Money as are or shall be rated and assessed upon them, as aforesaid : And that the fame Rate or Assessment, produced in such Court of Record, or before such Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, shall be sufficient Evidence and Proof for the Recovery of all such Sum or Sums of Money so rated or afiefled, as aforesaid.

Owners of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person rebuild^the or Persons, being seised, possessed, or interested of or in any Ground which was Houses stand- formerly built upon, and the Houses thereupon being now destroyed or pulled ing upon the down, at the Times or by the Means of the late dreadful Earthquake, shall not the Earth°re within Three Years next ensuing, build the fame, that then the Judges of the quake, within Court of Common-Pleas of the said Parish for the Time being, or any one of them, three Years; shall forthwith cause publick Proclamation to be made, as well at or upon the said Ground, as also in the Court-house of the said Parish, thereby to give Notice to all Persons that shall or may be therein concerned, to cause the same to be rebuilt within the Space of Nine Months then next following; and in case the Owners therof, or other Person or Persons having IntereA therein, shall refuse or neglect to rebuild the fame within such Time as aforesaid, that then, and in such Case, the said Judges of the said Court, or any one of them, are hereby authorised to issue out their Warrants to the Provost-marshal for the Time being, requiring him to impannel and return before them, or any one of them, a Jury of good and lawful Men of the said Parish, which the said Provost-marshal is hereby authorised and required to do accordingly which Jury so returned, shall, upon their Oaths (to be administered to them by the said Judges, or One of them, who are likewise hereby authorised to administer the same) esquire, estimate, and assess the true and just Value of such void Ground according to or the Fee thtcir Judgment; and that from and after such Enquiry and Valuation thereof, thereof to made as aforesaid, by Inquest of the said Jury, it shall and may be lawful to and

be fold. for the said Judge or Judges to make Sale of the Fee and Inheritance thereof,

by Conveyance under his or their Hands and Seals, to any Person or Persons that will purchase the fame at such Price at which the same shall have been so, as aforesaid, estimated and valued by the said Jury; and the Monies thereupon to be received of the Purchasers thereof, shall forthwith be paid into the Hands of the Church-wardens of the said Parish for the Time being, and from thence to be issued out and paid by the said Church-wardens for the Time being unto such Person or Persons who shall have an Estate or Interest in, to or out of the fame, according to his or their respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest j which Sale, so made and inrolled in the Office of Inrolment of this Island, shall be final and conclusive to all other Persons whatsoever, and shall bar them, their Heirs, and Assigns, to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest of, in, or out of the Grounds so fold, precedent to the said Sale; and the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may, by virtue of this Act, have, hold, and enjoy the fame against all Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in, to, or out of the fame, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, freed and discharged of and from Incumbrances in Estate, Title, Charge, or otherwise, precedent to the said Sale, their Majesties Quit-rents only excepted.

Courts of the

VII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, and gfto it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Re-be kept on ceiver-general and Naval Officer of this Island, shall by themselves or lawful De-Port Royal. pUty, keep their Offices on Port Royal, as at any Time heretofore they have, or

ought

Act 33, 34. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

ought to have done j and that the Secretary of this Island, shall, from Time to 1693. Time, by his lawful Deputy, keep his Office at Port Royal, as at any Time here-tofore he has, now doth, or ought to have done, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Month the Receiver-general, Naval Officer, or Secretary of this Island, or any of them, shall neglect or refuse to do the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That forfeitures all and every the Fines and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained, h°wj° shall be one Half to their Majesties, their Heirs, and Successors, for and towards applied, the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Parish of Port Royal, for and towards the wharf-ing, repairing, and maintaining the Wharfs so to be made, repaired and maintained, as in this Act mentioned, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever j to be recovered in any Court of Record within this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Injunction, Protection, Wager of Law, or Non vult ulterius prefeqni shall be allowed j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for making and clearing a public Road from St. Mary'* and St. Georges into the Parish of St. Andrew.

WHEREAS by reason of the Uncertainty of the Bounds of the Parishes Act 34.

of St. Mary, St. George, and St. Andrew, the Paths leading from St.

Marys and St. George's have not yet been laid out and cleared, to the great Hindrance and Damage of the Inhabitants thereof; and it being requisite, as well for their Majesties Service in transporting speedy Succours to each Place, as for the necessary Use of their Majesties liege People, that a publick Road be laid out from the said Parishes of St. Mary and St. George, into the Parish of St. Andrew; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Path or Road, as it is now used, from the Orange-River Plantation, in The Roadsbe-the Parish of St. Mary, over Little Tom's River, and from thence over Viney Ridge, leaving the Plantation belonging to Col. Thomas Clarke to the Eastward, Mary and St. unto the Plantation late of Andrew Holloway, deceased, at Wagwater, and so in- And>and to the Parish of St. Andrew, be a public Road or King's Highway, between the slfltn-said Two Parishes of St. Mary and St. Andrew; and that the Path or Road from dre-w, to be Annotta River Bay, in the Parish of St. George, leading towards St. Andrew's publick' aforesaid, shall, by its nearest and most convenient Course, fall into the Path coming from the said Orange-River into St. Marys upon a Ridge or Mountain, commonly called or known by the Name of Mammee Ridge, and from thence forward along the said Path to Little Toms River, &cc. and that the fame be a publick Road or King's Highway, between the said Two Parishes of St. George and St. Andrew, as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That The Portion the Surveyors of the Highways for the Parish of St. Mary, do yearly, and as ^rJjieJaibde often as Need shall require, clear and amend the said Road or Highway, fromdeanfed by the Orange-River aforesaid, over the said Mammee Ridge, unto the Ford at the each Parllh* Foot of the said Hill at Little T.oiris River aforesaid; and that the Parish of St.

George also clear their Road or Highway, from Annotta Bay, as aforesaid, unto the said Place, as it shall fall into the Path on Mammee Ridge, as aforesaid, coming from the said Orange-River Plantation; and that the Parish of St. Andrew clear the said Ford and Road, or King's Highway, leading from thence over Viney Ridge aforesaid, leaving the Plantation of the said Col. Thomas Clarke, to the Eastward, as aforesaid, unto the Plantation of the said Andrew Holloway, at Wagwater, and so forward into the Parish of St. Andrew.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Penalty on Highways, and Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. Mary, St. George, and St. An- ^eJ,ori drew, shall be severally subject to the like Pains and Penalties for their or any of their Neglect of their Duty therein 3 and be in the fame Way and Manner recovered, and in the like Manner applied as is provided for and appointed in the Act for the Highways for the Neglect of their several Duties in the like Kind.

52

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act34,35.

Meats.

Lamb to be

1693. V. Provided always, That if at any Time hereafter it shall be found ne-

- cessary that the said Path or Paths, or any Part of them, should be turned or

[Proviso.]altered, that it shall and may be done in such Manner as in the said Act for the

Highways is provided and appointed in the said Act, for turning or altering old Ways to more Conveniencies; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act appointing the Prices of Meats, and regulating Markets.

Act 35. T?'OR Prevention of the many Hardships and Abuses that may be put upon the Inhabitants of this Island, by those that fell in publick Markets the several forts of Meats hereafter mentioned, and demand extravagant Prices for the fame; be it enacted by their Majesties Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Aflem-bly of this Island, and is is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of Regulation of the fame, That no Person or Persons, upon any Pretence whatsoever, fel-the Prices of ling in any publick Market within this Island, any of the several Kinds of Meat hereafter named, presume to ask, demand or receive, for fresh Beef or Goat, any more, higher, or greater Price than Four Pence per Pound; Mutton, Six-Pence; Veal, the Bread: and Loin, Nine-Pence; and any other Part thereof, Seven-Pence-Halfpenny the Pound; Hog, that weigheth Twelve Pounds the Quarter, or under, Seven-Pence-Halfpenny, and all weighing above, Six-Pence the Pound; Lamb or Kid, Seven-Pence-Halfpenny the Pound; all which said Meat shall be weighed without the Head, Intrails, or Feet; and no Suet to be sold at higher Rates than the Meats aforesaid.

Distinflion of

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Meat brought into the Market, and offered, after cut up, to be sold for Veal, weighing above Twenty-five Pounds the Quarter, shall be adjudged Beef; and for Lamb weighing above Eight Pounds the Quarter, shall be deemed Mutton; and each sold by the Quarter or Joint, at the respective Prices in this Act before mentioned.

III. And to prevent felling and putting off old and small Mutton for Lamb, the Market° further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lamb shall be brought with the into the open Market with the Heads on, and shewn, before cut up, to the Heads on, &c. Clerk thereof, with the usual Signs and Marks of Diflindlion, that he, upon Scruple, may determine the Matter between Buyer and Seller.

Meats to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no common [nopen^ar6 Seller> Butcher, Cutter up of Tortle, or any other Person whatsoever, fell Tor-

ket only. tie or any of the Meats before mentioned, by Retale, but in open Market; where they shall not refuse to sell the same to any Person, bringing ready Money, by the Quarter, Joint, or Piece, by Weight, not less than the Value of Seven-

Pence-Halfpenny, at the Prices aforesaid; without conditionally imposing upon the Buyer the Head, Feet, Inwards, or any Part thereof, or Meat of any other Kind whatsoever; which Meat so bought and paid for, shall immediately be, or caused to be removed out of the said Market by the Person buying the same.

V. And to the End that it may be understood what within this Act shall be accounted the public and open Market, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. What to be That the Place appointed by the Justices in Sessions for the felling there the fe-Ma^t °pen vera^orts ^eat this Act mentioned, shall be deemed the publick Marketplace, and the Market's opening by the Ringing of the Bell by the Clerk thereof, or his Order; which on Saturdays shall be at Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, and on that and all other Days [Sundays excepted) at Five of the Clock in the Morning, and not sooner; in which Place, and after which Time, the Market shall be adjudged open and public, within this Act, as aforesaid.

Commence- VI. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ment of the Tenth Day of August> of this present Year One thousand six hundred ninety three, this Act, and every Clause thereof, is and shall be of Force, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person whatsover. Seller, Buyer, or Officer, that shall offend against any Particular in this Act mentioned or contained, or any Branch thereof; he, she, or they so offending, shall forfeit Forty Shillings for every such Offence; one Half to the Church-wardens of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed,

for

40 s. Penalty for Offence.

Act 35, 36. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

53

for the Use of the said Parish; the other Half to the Clerk of the Market, In- 1693.

former, or who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered berore any Justice of the v -

Peace; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for erecting and establishing a Free school in the Parish of 1695.

St. Andrew. c v J

HUMBLY befecching your most Excellent Majesty (Nicholas Laws, of the ACT36.

Parish of St. Andrew, in the Island aforesaid, Esq; being seised in his De-mesne, as of Fee, of and in two Acres and a Half of Land, Situate, lying, and being at Half-Way Tree, in the Parish of St. Andrew aforesaid, butting Southeasterly on the great Road, East on 'Thomas Webb, Northerly on Francis Daniel, and West-southerly on the said Nicholas Laws, whereon is a Messuage and Buildings thereto belonging convenient for a Free-school) that it may be enacted, ordained, and established; and be it enacted, ordained, and established by Your Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and ASTembly, of this Island, and it is hereby enacted, ordained, and established by the Authority of the same, That it A Free-school shall and may be lawful to make and establish on the said Land a Free-school, edi^th^Parish for the Abiding, Dwelling, and, necessary Use of one or more School-masters of Sc.^Wnw. and UShers of the Religion of the Church of England, for the instructing (without Charge) of Youth in Reading, Writing, Latin, Greek, Hebrew, Arithmetick,

Merchants Accompts, and the Mathematicks, the Children of the Parish of St. Andrew and Kingston, and the Children of all such as shall settle to the Value of Five Pounds per Annutn, or pay Fifty Pounds current Money of Jamaica, for the Improvement and Advancement of the said School; and that the same shall and may be called and named St. Andrew's Free-school; and that there be Seven fit and able Persons of the Parish of St. Andrew and Kingston aforesaid, nominated and appointed Governors of the said Free-school; and that upon the Decease or Resignation of, or Departure from this Island of any of the said Governors of the Parishes of St. Andrew and Kingston aforesaid, others of the said Parishes, within three Months after such Death, Resignation, or Departure from this Island,

shall and may be chosen by the rest of the Governors, or the major Part of them, out of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes; and that James Bradshaw, Edward Governors of Harrison, Peter Robinson, Joflah Heathcote, Charles De la Cree, Thomas Clarke, no*

jun. and Thomas Ashburne, Esqrs. shall and may be Governors of the said Free-school; and that they the said Governors, and they who shall succeed by such Choice and Election, shall be Governors of the said Free-school, and of the Land and Houses now used and occupied, given by the said Nicholas Laws, and of all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, which shall or may be given by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or purchased by the said Governors or their Successors, for the Use or Benefit of the said Free-school, at all Times hereafter for ever; and that the said Governors and their Successors, and incorpo-and Free-school, shall for ever hereafter Stand and be incorporated, established,rated* and founded, in Name and in Deed, a Body politick incorporate, to have Continuance for ever, by the Name of The Governors oj the Free-school of St. Andrew; and that they the said Governors may have perpetual Successlon; and that by that Name they and their Successors may for ever hereafter have, hold, and enjoy the said Free-School, and all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all Gifts or Benefices which at any Time or Times hereafter shall be given or purchased for the Use and Benefit of the said Free-school, without any Licence of or for the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And that the said Governors, or their Successors, or the major Part of with full Pow. them, by the fame Name, shall and may have Power, Ability, and Capacity toer of ailin demise, lease, and grant their Possefllons and Hereditaments as above, given by the said Nicholas Laws, and every of them; and to take, acquire, and purchase, and to sue and be lued, and to do, perform, and execute all and every lawful Act and Thing, good and necessary, and profitable for the said Corporation, in

O as

7

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 36.

54

1695-

and to have a

Common

Seal.

as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents, .Constructions, and Purposes, as any other Corporation or Body politick and corporate, fully and perfectly incorporated, may do.

III. And that the said Governors, and their Successors, for the Time being, may have and use a Common Seal, for the making, granting, and demifing of such their Demises and Leases, and for the doing of all and every other Thing or Things touching or in any wise concerning the said Corporation; in which Seal shall be engraven the Arms of the said Nicholas Laws.

TheNomina-

IV. And also that it may be enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and be it en-martePfup01'a(^ec^ by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governors, or their Successors for the plying'of Va- Time being, or the most Part of them, shall have full Power and Authority to cjntief, is'e. nominate, and shall and may nominate and appoint, when and as often as they 1 citedmthem. tgjn^ good, such Person or Persons as they shall think meet to be School-masters and Ushers of the said School? and receive into the said School as many poor Children as the said Governors, or the major Part of them for the Time being, shall think fit; to be maintained in Proportion to the Revenues of the said School for the Time being ? and when any of them, by Death, Resignation, Deprivation, or otherwise, shall become void, shall and may, within Three Months next after such Voidance, by Writing under their said Common Seal, nominate and appoint one or more learned, godly, discreet, and meet Men and Persons to be School-masters and Ushers ?• and Children in the Places of them and every of them so deceasing, refig'ning, or otherwise becoming void; and that they the said Governors, and their Successors, may from Time to Time expend such Sum or Sums of Money, in Proportion to the Revenues of the said School, and as the fame will bear it, in and about the repairing, maintaining, upholding, or enlarging of the said Messuage and Buildings thereto belonging, as to the said Governors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall Teem meet, requisite, and necessary.

Governors V. And that it may be enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and be it enacted iTuks^fc! by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governors, and their Successors for for the Free- the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall and may have full Power and ichooi. Authority, under the said Common Seal, to make, ordain, set down, and pre-feribe such Rules, Statutes, and Ordinances, for the Order, Rule, and Government of the said Free-school, and of the said Matters, Ushers, and Children, and their Successors, for their and every of their Stipends and Allowances, for and towards their and every of their Maintenance and Relief, as to the said Governors, or their Successors for the Time being, or the most Part of them, shall leein meet and convenient; and that the fame Orders, Rules, Statutes, and Ordinances; so by them, or the major Part of them made, set down, and prescribed, as aforesaid, shall be and stand in full Force and Strength in Law? the fame not being repugnant nor contrary to his Majesty's Prerogative Royal, nor the Laws and Statutes of England, or this Island, nor to any Ecclesiastical Canons or Constitutions of the Church of England.

Governors

VI. And that the Governors, and their Successors for the Time being, or the most b>art of them, shall and may have full Power and Authority to visit the said School, &v. School, and to order, reform, and redress all Disorders and Abuses in and touching the Government anddifpofing of the fame? and further, to censure, suspend, and deprive the said School-masters, Ushers, poor Children for the Time being, and every or any of them, as to them, or the major Part of them, shall seem just, fit, and convenient, but not to rent

VII. And it is also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be fonot^toiT^'lawful for the Governors for the Time being, or any of them, to or for their own private Use or Benefit, to buy, fell, rent, or lease any of the Lands or Tenements settled, purchased, or given for the Uses aforesaid.

By whom new

VIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of ihalltwchofcn {be Governors for the Time being shall decease, resign, or depart this Island, and or appointed, the surviving or remaining Governors shall refuse or neglect to choose others in their Room or Stead within Three Months after such Death, Resignation, or Departure; that then it shall and may be lawful, to and for the Governor of this Island

Act 36, 37. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

55

lev

Mand for the Time being, by Letters-patents under the Broad Seal of this Island, 1695. to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as he shall think fit, to be Governor or Governors of the said School, in the Place or Places of those so deceased, resigned, or departed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise not with handing.

An Act for the more speedy collecting his Majesty's ^"uit-Rents, Fines, 1696.

Forfeitures, and Amerciaments.

i it enabled by His Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, Act 37.

__ and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That How Arrcni.s all and every Person or Persons who shall repair to the Town of St. Jago de la of Quit-rest Vega within Twelve Months after the making of this Add, and there account ^ue l^hj^a" with the Receiver-general for the Time being for such Sum or Sums of Money ascertained f as may be due to his Majesty for Quit-Rent, and make Oath, if privy to the Payment, that they have duly paid their Quit-Rent to such a Year, but that their Receipts for the same are, by some Casualty, loft; and if not privy, that they believe they were paid, but that they cannot find the Receipts (which Oath the said Receiver-general is hereby impowered to administer, and at the Request of the Party obliged to tender) and shall pay, or give good Security to pay, in some short Time, such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall be found in Arrears; that then, and in such Case, every such Person and Persons shall be discharged against his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the Time of which they shall make Oath, as aforesaid : And the Receiver-general shall give every such Person as shall demand the fame, a Certificate, that he has accounted with him, her, or them, and made Oath, as aforesaid; for which the Party or Parties demanding the fame, shall pay the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-Pence, and no more; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That and to whom all and every Person or Persons (not being Orphans) that do not inhabit within paid' this Island, and are possessfed of and hold several Tracts of Land, whereupon no Settlement or Plantation hath hitherto been made; every such Person or Persons (not being Orphans, as aforesaid) are hereby required and obliged to account with the Receiver-general for the Time being, and pay all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be found due and in Arrears to his Majesty for Qnjt-Rents, and like wife settle and plant upon some one Parcel of the said several Trad or Tracts of Land he so holdeth, as aforesaid, within Two Years after the passing of this Act, on Penalty of forfeiting the said Lands : And in case at the Expiration of the ,-n Default said Term, the Owners or Pofleftors not having done and performed as by this Act whereof the is required, that then the Provost-marshal-general of this Island is hereby autho- J0'rythg rized and required to make Proclamation of the fame in the Supreme Court of King. Judicature, held at the Town of St. 'Jago de la Vega aforesaid, the Two next Courts after such Failure and Forfeiture, as aforesaid, and no Person appearing to defend the fame, Judgment shall be affirmed for the King; and the said Pro-voft-marshal is hereby required and impowered to seize the fame accordingly; and then, and from thenceforth the said Lands, as aforesaid, shall he solely veiled in our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, which shall be a perpetual Bar against any former Patent, Grant, or Claim whatsoever : And then it andregranted. shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, by Letters-patent under the Broad Seal of this Island, to grant the said Lands to any Person whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, ThatPerPon?iur-all and every Owner or Possessor of Lands, Inhabitants within this Island, first 'thel^Lands, having duly accounted and paid his Majesty's Quit-Rents, and all and every the discharg-Arrearages due for the fame, hereby have Power to resign and surrender any ^™al1 whole Tract or Parcel of Land, or Grant they now hold or are in Possession of, Rents." into the Hands of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors; which Surrender shall be made by Delivery up into the Hands of the Clerk of the Chancery

56

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 37.

1696.

Linds so surrendered may be regranted.

AllFines to be paid to the Re-ceiver-general.

Penalty on Officers neglecting so to do.

Judges, &c. of inferior Courts to certify all Fines to supreme Courts.

Provost-mar* filal, &c. to take the fol lowing Oath.

eery for the Time being, all such Patents, Grants, and Evidences, whereby they have held the fame, or by certifying the Records thereof: And the said Clerk of the Chancery is hereby required and impowered to accept and receive the same; and upon Receipt thereof, to give a Certificate under his Hand to the Person or Persons surrendering as aforesaid, in which shall be expressed the Date of the Grant, the Quantity of Land, the Parish it lies in, and the Bounds of the said Land; which being duly acknowledged by the Clerk of the Chancery before the Governor for the Time being, or before some one of the Judges of the Courts within this Island, and Record thereof made in the Secretary's Office, shall be deemed and taken as a total Resignation and Surrender of such Grant or Patent; and the Person or Persons surrendering in Manner aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged from all growing Rents and Services required for the fame; any La w, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after Surrender of any Lands, as aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, by Letters-patent under the Broad Seal of this Island, to grant the said Lands so surrendered, to any Person or Persons whatsoever : And that the Clerk of the Chancery have and receive for a Fee, for his Certificate and acknowledging, the Sum of Five Shillings for every Parcel of Land so resigned and surrendered; and the Secretary the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-Pence, for recording the fame; any Thing in this, or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Forfeitures, or Amerciaments, arising within any of the Courts of Judicature within this Island, where his Majesty's Grace and Favour is not extended, shall be paid by the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, into the Hands of the Receiver-general : And whatsoever Officer or Officers, or other Person whatsoever within this Island, that shall receive any of the Fines, Forfeitures, or Amerciaments, that hath not been already appropriated, and shall neglect or delay to pay the same at or before the next Supreme Court of Judicature, after the said Fines, Forfeitures, or Amerciaments, are adjudged or condemned in any of the inferior Courts in this Island, shall, for every such Offence, pay double the Sum of Money so received and not paid in; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island.

VI. And that all the Cufos Rotulcrums, Justices and Judges of the several inferior Courts within this Island, shall certify all the said Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, within their several Jurisdictions so adjudged, as aforesaid, into the Supreme Court within one Month after such Judgment, as aforesaid, is passed for the fame, to be estreated for the more speedy and certain collecting and receiving the fame by the said Receiver-general of his Majesty's Revenue of this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth the Provost-marshal, his Deputies, Clerk of the Supreme Court, and the Clerks of the Crown and Peace within the several Precincts of this Island, and all others to whom it belongeth to make Returns of the Certificates, shall, upon Delivery of all and every such Certificates, take the Oath following: That is to say;

The Oath. *\ 7 OU shall swear, 'That these Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments are truly JL and carefully entered, made up, and examined; and that all Fines, issues, Amerciaments, Recognizances, and Forfeitures, which were set, loft, imposed, or forfeited, and in Right and due Course of Law ought to be ef rented into the Supreme Court of 'Judicature, are, to the bef of our Knowledge and TJnderfanding, therein contained: And that in the fame Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments are also contained and expressed all such Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments as have been paid into the Court from which the said Ef rents are made, without any wilful or fraudulent Discharge, D if miff on, Omijfon, Misnomer, or Default whatsoever:

So help you God.

Act 37, 38. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 57

Which laid Oath the Judges of his Majesty's Supreme Court to the Clerk thereof, 1 696. and in all other Precincts, the Justices in Sessions are hereby required and im- — v '

powered to administer from Time to Time accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Dispofnion of all Fines and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained, be one Moiety or so,fcuures‘ Half-part thereof unto our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, or he that Wall sue for the fame;- to be recovered in any Court of Record within this Wand, where no ElToin,

Protection, or Wager of Law Wall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act 38.

An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves.

WHEREAS it is found by Experience, that the often Insurrections and Rebellions of the Slaves within this Wand have proved the Ruin and De-ftrudion of several Families: To the End therefore that they may be punished according to their Demerit, and their bloody and inhuman Practices; Be it enacted by his Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever Owners of Wall give Leave to any Slave under his, her, or their Care, Charge, or Owner-to Wip (unless such as wait on their Person, or go in Liveries) to go out of their Leave to go Plantation without a Ticket or white Servant, in which Ticket there is to be ex- p^n0t^r pressed their Names and Number, and also from and to what Place, on Penalty without a of paying for their taking up as Runaways; and whosoever shall not endeavour rideet. to take up or apprehend any Slave coming into their Plantations, or where they have Care or Charge (except as before excepted) and apprehending, Wall not pu-niW them by moderate Whipping, Wall forfeit Forty Shillings.

II. And if any Slave shall offer any Violence, by striking or otherwise, to any Slave'sPunish. white Person, such Slave Wall be punished at the Discretion of Two Justices and^"^ Three Freeholders, who may inflid Death or any other Punishment, according Person.

to their Discretion; provided such Striking or Conflict be not by Command of his or their Owners, Overseers, or Persons intrusted over them, or in the lawful Defence of their Owners Persons, or Goods.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Slaves shall have Cloaths; (that is) Men, Jackets and Drawers; and Women, Jackets and eV Petticoats or Frocks once every Year, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of December, on Penalty of Five Shillings for every Slave's wanting; one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Parish where such Default Wall be made. And the several and respective Constables within this Island Wall take Care to present

to the Justices all Owners or others, that have the Care of Slaves, that shall not perform the fame every Year, the first Sessions in January, before the said Constables shall be discharged from their Offices.

IV. And upon Complaint made by any Slave or Slaves, to any Constable, that Slave's c°m-

the Owner, or Person that hath the Care of any Slave or Slaves, hath not given up-

him, her, or them Cloaths, as in this Act is expressed, the said Constable or Con-on Owner's stables to whom such Complaint shall be made, Wall certify the same to the Ju-Fi"u"j^ftthat ftices in Sessions, as aforesaid; which said Justices Wall cause the Owner, or other Person, as aforesaid, to come before them; and if, when appearing, he, she, or they shall make Oath before the said Justices that the Complaint is unjust, the said Oath Wall be a sufficient Discharge.

V. And that the Constables may not neglect their Duty herein, the Justices of Conn able to the several Parishes and Precincts within this Island are hereby required and im-tJn^"tnh°;s powered to give in Charge upon Oath to every Constable the due Execution Duty, hereof.

VI. And all Matters and Owners of Plantations Wall, and are hereby required Ml Owners of

to have at all Times hereafter, one Acre of Ground well planted with Provision £ateone Acre for every five Slaves he hath in his Plantation, under the Penalty of Forty Shill-of Land for ings for every Acre so wanting. W*7 five

58 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 38.

or fullering them to want Provision«, iSc.

not to their proper Own ers, &c.

1696.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person

v--\ — -> whatsoever, except the Provost- marshal, at the Gaols of St. Jago de la Vega, Pert

Penalty on the Royal) and Kingston, shall keep any runaway Slave or Slaves, above 1 en Days; Provost-mar- nor shall the Provost-marshal, or any other Person whatsoever, employ any of pioyingCruna-them J or suffer him, her, or them in Custody to want convenient Food, Water, way Slaves, and Lodging, on Penalty of Forty Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered by the Owner: And if the Provost-marshal, or any other Person, shall suffer such Slave to die in his or their Custody for Want of Food and Water, or dry and convenient Lodging, the Provost-marshal, or any other Person, in whose Custody such Slave was, shall forfeit to the Owner or Owners Fifty Pounds for such Slave or Slaves; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island.1

ordifpofing of

VIII. And if the Provost marshal, Deputy-marshal, or any other Person un-wiTe\han by ^cr ^em, on their Behalf, shall at any Time presume to sell or dispose of any publick Out- Slave or Slaves not having been Twelve Months in his or their Custody, or in any cr-Vi other Place, Manner, or Times, than by publick Outcry at the Town of St. Jago

de la Vega in the Times of the Supreme Courts, shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island. aridon Persons

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever shall then^up6 and tahe UP any runaway Slave or Slaves, such Person or Persons shall bring the said bring them Runaways to his or their proper Owners, if they know them, on Penalty of Twenty Shillings, and receive for their Pains for each Slave Twelve Pence per Mile for the first Five Miles, and Eight Pence per Mile for every Mile more, provided it exceed not Forty Shillings in the whole for each Slave; but if they do not know the Owners, then to the next Marshal or Gaol, upon Pain of Forfeiture, for every Day he or she shall keep such Slave or Slaves beyond the said Ten Days, and thereof be convicted by Confession or Verdict, of the Sum of Twenty Pounds: And no Person shall receive Payment for the taking up any Slave or Slaves, till he give an Account of his own Name and Place of Abode, with the Time and Place when and where taken up, with an Account of the Mark'and Sex of all and every such Slave and Slaves coming into their Custody, which they shall cause to be fairly written and affixed upon a publick Place near the Gaols of St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal, and Khigston; and the Description and Account aforesaid every Six Weeks shall be fairly written and transmitted from and to each and every of the Three Places before mentioned, and once every Three Months to every Quarter-sessions of the Peace within this Island, and publickly affixed, as aforesaid, on the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds; and the said Marshal shall enter the said Account in a Book, and also take a Receipt from any Person to whom he delivered the Runaway, with a Description of the Person to whom delivered; and in case the Marshal or Owner refuse to make Payment for taking up such runaway Slave or Slaves, and thereof Oath be made before any Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to direct his Warrant to the Constable, to cause the Value thereof to be immediately levied upon the Goods of the said Marshal or Owner, and the same to be sold at public Outcry, and Satisfaction to be made to the Party aggrieved, returning the Overplus, ifany there be, to the Owner. Marshal to de- x. And that it shall and may be lawful for the Marshal to detain and keep in Negroes till^ Custody the Bodies of such Runaways so brought unto him, until the Owners the Owner re-of them, or their Assigns, shall pay unto him what he so paid to them who took hTs^xpences. t^lem UP> whh Two Shillings Six-Pence per Pound for laying out the Money, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Sum; and also Six-Pence for every Four and twenty Hours the said Slave or Slaves hath been in Custody.

Penalty on the

XI. And if the said Marshal shall willingly or negligently suffer any Slave or

ny^sufferinrr Slaves to escape, to be employed, or by any Way or Means to be out of his Cu-any slave to° stody, before he, she, or they shall be duly delivered to the Owner, his, her, or escape, &c. their Assigns; then the Marshal shall forfeit to the Owner Fifty Pounds current Money, for every Slave so escaping, employed, or being out of their Custody, as aforesaid.

Slave taking

XII. And whatsoever Slave or Slaves shall take up any Runaways, he, she, awa^iwwVo or they shall have the whole Benefit thereof; and if any Person shall deprive any be rewarded.0 such Slave of any such Benefit, he, ffie, or they shall forfeit treble the Value.

Act 38. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 59

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Maf- 1696.

ter, Mistress, or Overseer of a Family in this Island, shall cause all their Slaves --- v---

Houses to be diligently and effectually searched once every Fourteen Days, for slaves Houses Clubs, Wooden Swords, or other milehievous Weapons, and finding any, rtiallt0beached take them away, and cause them to be burnt; and also, upon Request made, yo™\Vea-to search the lame for stolen Cloaths, Goods, or any other Things or Commo- pons and if dities; and any Slave or Slaves, in whose Custody such stolen Goods shall be b^burnt-found, shall suffer Death, Transportation, Dismembering, or other Punishment, anj jfany at the Discretion of Two Justices and Three Freeholders, or the major Part of Men Goods them, One of whom to be a Justice; and also if there shall be found in the JjcJ°UI^ey Custody of any Slave any thing suspected or known to be stolen Goods, the may bs pu-fame shall seize and take into their Custody, and a full and exact Description °fDeath the Particulars thereof shall give in Writing, within Six Days after Discovery thereof, to the Clerk of the Parish, or Clerk of the Court of the Precincts for the Time being, who are hereby required and impowered to receive the same, and enter upon it the Day of its Receipt, and give an Account at the Parish Church or Court of the Precincts in Writing, that such Goods loft are found; to the End the Owner, giving the Clerk Proof, by Mark or otherwise, that the Goods loft belong to him, he may have the fame restored, paying One Shilling Three Pence to the Clerk for his Entry and Declaration of the fame; and the Parties by whom such loft Goods are taken into Custody, are hereby required to make, and shall make Restitution of what is in being to the Owner, on Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Neglect or Refusal by Master, Mistress, Overseer, or Clerk, as aforesaid.

XIV. And if any Person whatsoever shall demand of any Master, Mistress, or Penalty on Overseer, immediate Leave to search all or any Slave's House or Houses in their Plantation for Goods loft by the same Person, his Master or Mistress; the Master, his Slate's Mistress, Overseer, or other white Person refusing such Search, or delaying the Hoil*e be Person demanding the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

[Proviso.]

XV. Provided nevertheless, That no Person whatsoever shall presume to demand Leave to search as aforesaid, that hath not a Certificate under the Hand

of some Justice of the Peace of that Precind, signifying that such Person hath made Oath before him, that he hath loft such Goods as he requires to search for; and in case there is no Justice of the Peace near, that then the Person perform the fame within Six Days after such Search made, on Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; the one Half to the Use of the Parish, the other Half to the Party injured.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person Penalty orl shall attempt or endeavour to steal or carry off this Island, hide, conceal, or tCmptingto employ any Slave, on Penalty of One hundred Pounds; but whosoever shall Heal any actually steal a Slave, or deface his, her, or their Mark, shall be guilty of Fe- S!ave' ^c' lony, and shall be excluded the Benefit of Clergy.

XVII. And whatsoever Slave or Slaves shall hide or entertain any runaway Slave hiding Slave or Slaves, shall be severely whipped by Order of any Justice of the Peace; be fe-and if the Owner or Owners, Overseer, or other Person, that shall have Care verely whip-of such Slave or Slaves, so hiding or entertaining any Runaway or Runaways, Ped> ^c‘ shall in any wise endeavour to prevent such Correction or Whipping, as aforesaid, upon Proof thereof, shall forfeit Forty Shillings; to be recovered before any

Justice of the Peace; the one Half to the Use of the Parish, the other Half to the Informer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Rivard for^ Freeman or Servant shall kill or take any rebellious Slave or Slaves, he or they in^a^eLilV" shall forthwith receive, as a Reward, Five Pounds, current Money; and if anyous Slave. Slave or Slaves shall kill or take any such rebellious Slave or Slaves, he or they shall receive Forty Shillings of like Money, and a Serge Coat, with a red Cross cn the right Shoulder, which the Church-wardens of each of the respective Parishes where such rebellious Slave or Slaves shall be killed or taken, are hereby required to pay out of the Parish Stock; and in case there be not so much of

6o

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 38.

Slave continuing away for T welve

deemed rebellious.

Transported Slave return ing to this

1696. the, Parish Money in the Laid Church-wardens Hands, that he or they pay the same out of their own Money, which is to be re-imbursed to him or them out of the first Money raised in the next Year's Tax, together with Interest for so ready Payment of the said Sum: And if the succeeding Church-wardens for the Year ensuing shall refuse to pay and allow, whatsoever Sum or Sums are expended by virtue of this Clause, that the same shall be heard and determined by any Justice of the Peace in the Precincts, in the same Manner as is provided in an Act, entituled, An Act impowering ffnjlices of the Peace to decide Differences not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Slave and Slaves that shall run away, and continue but for the Space of

Months, to be Twelve Months, except such Slave or Slaves as shall not have been Three Years in this Island, shall be deemed rebellious, and their Taking shall be paid accordingly j which Slave or Slaves so taken, as a Punishment for their Crime, shall be transported by Order of Two Justices and Three Freeholders, or the major Part of them; one of whom to be a Justice, though no other Crime shall appear against them; which Order the Owner or Trustee shall fee duly executed, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for each Offence; to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island.

XX. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves transported off this Island by Order of Two Justices and Three Free-

Island, to be holders, as aforesaid, for any Fault or Crime, shall at any Time wilfully re-[•xtcuted and turn > upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace, he, upon View of the Record, , is hereby impowered, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, immediately to issue out a Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, to any Marshal or Constable forthwith to apprehend and execute, by hanging or otherwise, the said Slave or Slaves so returning : And if any Slave or Slaves, condemned to be transported, shall not be sent by the Owners, according to the Judgment of the Justices and Freeholders who condemned him or them; it shall and may be lawful for any Jufltice, on Complaint made, upon View of the Record of his Trial, to cause him or them to be executed, by hanging or otherwise, as is before directed.

Plantation de-

XXI. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Monfhs°to^be maV be lawful for any Person to ruinate and destroy any Plantation deserted for destroyed,£sV. the Space of Six Months, left it become a Receptacle for Fugitives; and the Justices in Sessions, upon Complaint made, whereby it appears to them that any such deserted Plantation doth remain undestroyed, to the Encouragement and Maintenance of out-lying Slaves, the said Justices are hereby impowered to issue out their Warrants to the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways in that Parish or Precinct, for the destroying the Provisions in the said Plantations, who are hereby required and impowered to cause the same to be done, upon the fame Account, and in the same Manner, as if it were upon the repairing the Highways; which shall be allowed in the Surveyor's Account accordingly.

Commission-

XXII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every ftle^unaswy* Commission-officer within this Island shall be, and is hereby impowered and required, on Notice to him given of the Haunt, Residence, or Hiding-place of any runaway Slaves, to raise a convenient Party of Men, not exceeding Twenty, and with them to pursue, kill, or take alive, all or any of the said Runaways, and shall have and receive from their Owners, as a Reward for their so doing, His Reward Forty Shillings per Head for all Slaves taken and brought in alive, and Twenty Shillings per Head for every Slave killed or driven Home; that is to say, for all Slaves run away that shall surrender themselves after the going out of the said Party : All which Sums shall be recovered before any Two Justices of the Peace, who are hereby impowered and required, upon Complaint made to them, to proceed therein as in all Cases of Forty Shillings; which said Money shall be divided among the said Party, the Officer reserving Three Shares to himself; and whatsoever Commission-Officer or Officers shall neglect his or their Duty therein, he or they shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

runaway Slaves.

for taking them, &c.

Act 38. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

61

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon 1696. Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace of any Felony, Burglary, Robbery, v — ' burning of Houses, Canes, rebellious Conspiracies, or any other Capital Offence l^wanant^ whatsoever, he the said Justice shall id'ue out his Warrant for the apprehending for appre-the Offender or Offenders, and for all Persons to come before him that can give "inSfand Evidence, (and the Evidence of one Slave against another, in this and all other Fctons.°

Cases, shall be deemed good and sufficient Proof) and if upost Examination it probably appears, that the Apprehended are guilty, he shall commit him, her, or them to Prison, and certify to the next Justice the Cause, and require him, by virtue of this Act, to associate himself to him; which such Justice is hereby required to do : And they so associated shall issue out their Warrant to summon Three Freeholders, setting forth to them the Matter; and requiring them at a certain Day and Hour, and at such a Place as the Justices and Vedry, or the Justices where no Vedry is, shall, as by this Act directed, appoint for such Trials; at which Time and Place the said Justices and Freeholders shall cause the said Offender or Offenders and Evidence to come before them; and if they, on hearing of the Matter, (the said Freeholders being by the Justices di d sworn to judge uprightly and according to Evidence, which Oaths the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer) shall judge the Criminal or Criminals guilty of the Offence complained of, they, or the major Part of them, of whom one to be a Justice, as in all Trials within this Act, shall give Sentence of Death, Transportation, Dismembering, or any other Punishment as they in their Judgment shall think meet to inflict, and forthwith, by their Warrant, cause immediate Execution to be done by the common, or any other Executioner; (Women with Child only excepted, who are hereby reprieved till after Delivery) and if the judge not the Criminals to die for any Crime, but to receive corporal Punish- ' mentj and that the Owner, as a Recompence, pay unto the Party or Parties injured a certain Sum of Money; that then, in case the Owner or Owners refuse to pay the said Sum, the said Justices and Freeholders may adjudge the said Criminal or Criminals to the Party or Parties injured, his, her, or their Heirs for ever.

XXIV. And if any Slave or Slaves shall compass or imagine the Death of any Slave imagm-white Person, and thereof be attainted, by open Deed, before Two Justices and

Three Freeholders, such Slave or Slaves shall suffer Death; any thing herein to Person, to be the contrary notwithstanding : And that all Petit Crimes, Trespasses, and Inju- executed, ries committed by any Slave or Slaves, diall be heard and determined by any of his Majesty's Justices within this Idand.

XXV. And if any Justice, Freeholder, or Mardial shall neglect his or their Officers Pu-

Duty herein, shall respectively forfeit Twenty Pounds current'Money. NegT^o

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, *That when, and as often as any of the afore- Doty,

mentioned Crimes are committed by more than one Slave, that shall deserve proviso. Death; (Murder only excepted) that then, and in all such Cases, only one of This Clause the said Criminals shall suffer Death, as exemplary to the red, who are to be re- 1.

turned to the Owners, after having received such corporal Punishment as the said Justices and Freeholders aforesaid shall think fit to inflict; which Owner or Owners of Slave or Slaves so delivered back, shall bear proportionably the Loss of the said Slave so put to Death; and the Owner of the said Slave so put to Death, with the Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves not executed, shall pay proportionably the Damage done by the said Criminals to the Party or Parties injured as diall be allotted them by the Justices and Freeholders, as aforesaid, not exceeding the Value of the Slave executed.

XXVII. And if any Person diall refuse to pay his, her, or their Part so al- Justices may lotted him, her, or them; that then, and in all such Cases, the said Justices and p^nn-asI5y Freeholders are hereby required and impowered to issue out their Warrant of Goods who Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing, whether they be refLlfest0Pay-Owner, Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Attorney; and shall cause the same to be sold at publick Outcry, to satisfy the said Money so allotted them; to pay and return the Overplus, if any, to the Person concerned, fird deducting Twelve-Pence in the Pound for the said Distress and Sale.

XXVIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any «co/ Penalty Person shall hide, conceal, or make away with any Slave or Slaves, suspected to concealing

Q, be Slaves.

62

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 38.

1696.

Any white Servant taken in tlealing Wood, his Owner shall pay

_ I

3

long

In what Cafe Person killing a SI ive is not liable to an Action.

Ju ftices, Isfc. to appoint a Place for the Trial of Slaves.

be guilty of any Capital Offence, and not upon Demand, bring forth the Slave or Slaves, such Person shall forfeit One Hundred Pounds.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any white Servant shall be taken stealing any Wood or Timber whatsoever, or any Bark fit for tanning, and be thereof convicted before any Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; the Matter or Mistress of the said white Servant or Servants so offending, shall pay unto the Owner or Proprietor of the Land where the Offence shall be committed the Sum of three Pounds, current Money of this Island 3 to be recovered before the said Justices, who are hereby impowered and required to order the fame, as in all Cases of Forty Shillings: But if upon any

but if a Slave Slave or Slaves shall be found any Wood, Timber, or Bark, as aforesaid, such be pU" Slave or Slaves so offending, upon Proof thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace, shall be by the said Justices condemned to serve the said Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Land six Months, without any Satisfaction given to the Person or Persons to whom the said Slave or Slaves do beany thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall kill a Slave, ttealing or running away, that shall by Night be found out of his Owner's Ground, Road, or Path, and refuseth to submit, such Person shall not be liable to any Damage or Action for the fame 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry, or the Justices where no Vestries are, within the several Parishes and Precincts in this Island, shall appoint a certain Place in each Parish or Precinct where shall be the Trial of all Slaves for Capital Offences 3 and a Record shall be kept of all Proceedings thereon in a dittindt Book by the Clerk of the Peace, or Clerk of the Vettry, where there are no Clerks of the Peace, of each Precinct:, who is hereby obliged to give his Attendance at all such Trials; for which he and the other Officers shall receive such Fees as the Justices and Vestry, or the Justices where there is no Vestry, shall allow; which shall be paid by the Parish, if the Slave shall suffer Death, but by the Owner, if transported.

XXXII. And whereas divers Slaves have of late attempted to destroy several People, as well white as black, by Poison 3 the Consequences of which secret Way of murdering may prove fatal, if not timely prevented 3 Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negro, or any Slave or Slaves, before the making of this Act, have maliciously given or attempted to give, or shall hereafter maliciously give, attempt, or cause to be given to any Person whatsoever, free or Slave, any manner of Poison, although the fame was never taken, or if taken, Death did not or shall not ensue upon the taking thereof 3 the said Slave or Slaves, together with their Accessaries, as well before as after the Fact, being Slaves, and convicted thereof before Two Justices of the Peace and Three Freeholders, as aforesaid, shall be judged guilty of Murder, as if the Party or Parties that took or shall take the fame had died 3 and shall be condemned to suffer Death, by Hanging, Burning, or such other Way or Means as to the said Justices and Freeholders shall seem most convenient.

XXXIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such as have been Slaves and are already freed, as also all such as are now Slaves and shall hereafter be declared free, shall for all Offences, capital or criminal, be tried and adjudged after the Method and Manner within this Act 3 and the Evidence of a Slave against them to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And for the Prevention of the meeting of Slaves in great Numbers on Sundays and Holidays, whereby they have taken Liberty to contrive and bring to pass many of their bloody and inhuman Transactions: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Matters or Mistresses, or Overseers, shall suffer any Drumming or Meeting of any Slaves, not belonging to their own Plantation, to rendezvous, feast, revel, beat Drum, or cause any other Disturbance, but forthwith endeavour to disperse them, by him, or herself, Overseer, or Servants 3 or not being capacitated to do the fame, that he presently give Notice to the next Commission-Officer to raise such Number of Men as may be suffici-

7 , ent

Slave attempting to poison another Slave, dsV. to be punched with Death.

Slave?, altho' freed, how to be tried.

[This Clause repealed, Act 153, Cl. 3.

Penalty on Persons suffer-ring Slaves to rendezvous, feast, idc.

Act 3 8. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

63

ent to reduce the said Slaves: And the said Commission-Officer is hereby required <696. and impowered immediatly to raise the said Men, to reduce and disperse the said v J Slaves: And whatsoever Owner or Owners, Overseer, or Commission-Officer, shall neglect his or their Duty herein, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence; to be recovered by Warrant before any Justice of the Peace of the said Precincts.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person Permitting whatsoever shall permit or give Leave to any Slave or Slaves of their own, or ouTthcm under their Care, to hire out themselves; or if any Person whatsoever shall hire fdves, forfeits any Slave or Slaves in any other Way of Manner than of their Mahers, Miffieffes, 4°'*

or other Person impowered to let the said Slave or Slaves to hire, or permit them to travel about the Country; or if any Owner or Owners shall contract with his, her, or their Slave or Slaves, for any Sum of Money, or other Consideration whatsoever, to give Liberty to the said Slave or Slaves to employ themselves as they shall think fit, paying such Sum of Money, or other Consideration; he, ffie, or they shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Offence; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace; one Half to the Informer; the other Half to be paid to the Church-wardens of the Parish, for the Use of the Parish where such Offence is committed.

XXXVI. And if any Slave or Slaves shall buy or fell in any Place or Market whatsoever any other Goods than such as properly belong to their Owners, or feiiing Goods are bought for their Owners Use, or are expressed in a Ticket from their Owner 'hat belong or Overseer; such Slave or Slaves, upon Complaint made to a Justice of the o°y*°fhls Peace, shall immediately be whipped by Order and at the Discretion of the said

Justice; and whosoever shall receive from, or buy or fell with such Slave or Slaves, contrary to the* true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit Ten Pounds for every such Offence to be recovered in any Court of Record; and that the Offenders against: this Clause may not go unpuniffied, the Justices of the several Parishes and Precincts are hereby obliged and impowered to give the Preferment thereof in Charge to the several Constables upon Oath.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any PersonsyJH* Person shall willingly, wantonly, or bloody-miridedly kill a Negro or Slave, he, any Negro,2 ffie, or they so offending, being thereof convicted by Verdict or Confession in how to bepu-the Supreme Court of Judicature, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony for the first:niflied* Offence, and have the Benefit of the Clergy; but the second Offence shall be deemed Murder, and the Offender suffer for the said Crime according to the Laws

of England, Forfeiture of Lands and Tenements, Goods and Chattels onlyexcepted.

XXXVIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Maf- Boats^tsV. to ters or Owners of Boats, Wherries, and Canoes, plying within the Harbour of g‘ve Bond not Port Royal, shall give their own Bonds of Fifty Pounds Sterling, not to carry any NegrTwkh-Negroes without a Ticket from their Owners or Overseers, (except as before out a Ticket excepted) all which said Bonds are to betaken in the King's Name, and recordedo^er'&rV in the Secretary's Office; and thereupon due Recovery to be made by all Persons receiving Damage, in the same Manner as is already appointed in the Ad requiring all Masters of Ships and Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office;

and the Secretary is hereby impowered to take One Shilling as his Fee for each of the Bonds, and no more: And in case any such Owners of Boats and Canoes shall not, within Forty Days from and after the Publication of this Act, give in their Bonds to the Secretary as aforesaid, they shall forfeit Forty Shillings for every Week after the said Forty Days are expired; to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace, and to the Use and Benefit of such Person who shall inform or complain of the same.

XXXIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may justices, be lawful for the Justice or Justices and Freeholders aforesaid, in the severalt0 do thtirf Clauses in this Act mentioned, to do their several and respective Duties when MarshaUawis Marshal-law shall happen to be in Force, as they might or ought to have done in in Force. Time of Common Law; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And it is further enacted, That no Slave shall be free by becoming a Slaves shall

Christian; and for Payment of Debts and Legacies, all Slaves shall be deemed by'b^comfno-

1

and Chrilhans.

64

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 38.

16961 and taken as all other Goods and Chattels are in the Hands of Executors or Ad-

v - ministrators; and where other Goods and Chattels are not sufficient to satisfy the

laid Debts and Legacies, then so many Slaves as are necessary for the Payment of Slaves made Debts and Legacies, shall be fold; and the remaining Slaves, after the Pay-b^Aa39«e ment of the Paid Debts and Legacies, shall be judged, deemed, and taken as Inheritance, and shall accordingly descend; and all Children of Slaves, born in the Possession of Tenant for Life or Years, shall remain, or revert as the Parents do, or should have done, to him or her, in Reversion or Remainder, after Expiration of such Term of Years after the Death of Tenant for Life or Tenant in Tail, after Possibility of Issue extinct: Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Clause shall extend or be construed to extend to Leases heretofore made; any thing in this or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Inwha.Cases

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Slaves assigned for Dower, shall subject to the liable, proportionably with those belonging to any Heir or Heirs, to the Pay-Payment of ment of Debts, but not of Legacies; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder any Person possessed in his own Right of any Slave or Slaves, to fell, or, by Gift or otherwise, dispose of such Slave or Slaves as he shall think fit during his Lifetime; which Sale, Gift, or Disposal, shall be a perpetual Bar to his Wife, from any Claim of Dower in such Slave or Slaves.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Purchases heretofore made of any Slave or Slaves from any Persons lawfully authorised to dispose of and sell the same for good and valuable Consideration, are hereby declared to be as good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been by Deed in Writing; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And to prevent Disputes that may arise for the future about the Titles kept, wherein Qf Qr to any Slave or Slaves, be it enacted, That the Clerks of the Peace, or be made^of Clerk of the Vestry where no Clerks of the Peace are, of the several and respectSlaves bought tive Parishes and Precincts within this Island, shall keep a distinct Book, in and fold. Sc. which Entries shall be made of all Slaves fold and disposed of from one Party to another; in every of which Entries shall be expressed the Time of the Sale made, with the Names of the Vendor and Vendee, the Name and Mark of the Slave or Slaves, with the Consideration for which fold; which said Entry, if the Seller is lawfully authorised to sell or dispose of such Slave or Slaves, shall be as good and valid to ratify and confirm the said Sale or Sales, as if the fame had been by Deed in Writing under Hand and Seal, and shall be held, deemed, and adjudged to be a sufficient Record and Evidence in any Court of Record within this Island; and if by any Person razed or imbe-ziled, the Person so offending shall suffer such Punishment as the Law hath provided against such as raze and imbezil Records; and for every such Entry the Clerk shall receive, if but one Negro, Seven Pence Halfpeny; if above, Fifteen Pence, and no more : And if any Buyer shall fail or neglect to make Entry with the Clerk, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit Forty Shillings for every such Offence: And if the Clerk.shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds for every such Offence to the Party injured; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed. Provided nevertheless, That this Clause, or any thing therein contained, shall not be construed to extend to oblige any Person or Persons to make such Entry of Slaves at their first Importation into this Island; any thing in the above Clause to the contrary notwithstanding.

slaves to be

XLV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Masters and the Tbr'ft'an Mistresses, Owners, or, in their Absence, Overseers or Slaves, shall, as much as-Religion, &e. in them lies, endeavour the Instruction of their Slaves in the Principles of the Christian Religion, whereby to facilitate their Conversion; and shall do their utmost Endeavour to fit them for Baptism; and, as soon as conveniently they can, shall cause to be baptized all such as they can make sensible of a Deity, and the Christian Faith.

[Proviso.]

Debts, <Sc.

Legal Purchases of Slaves confirmed.

Books to be

tin

in

fe>

bll

'aH

ider

Gift

Jur-

ho-

are

:the

rsry

files j or

KC-

in 'arty the and hich lave : or and :e in nbe-pro-t'ne Fif-ntry ice: Ten ition >tec-this Ito por-

has

the

rut-

m,

the

1SD

Act38,39. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

65

1 (.96.

Jjftic.es to appoint them what Holy- days they Hull keep.

This Act to oe published once a Year.

Penalties incurred by this Act, how to be recovered.

Repeal of two fotmer Acts.

XLVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the judices within the several and respective Parishes and Precincts of this Island shall, at the firPt Sessions in every Year, limit and appoint the Number of Holy-days that shall be given to Slaves at the usual Feftivals of Ghrifimas, Easter, and Whitsuntide; any thing to the contrary not with (fan ding.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, '1 hat the Justices within their several and respective Parishes and Precincts within this Island, shall cause this Act to be published every fird Sessions in the Year, on Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be paid by the said Justices in case of Neglect or Refusal; any Law, Cudom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties mentioned in this Act, and not declared where they shall be recovered, or how disposed of, not exceeding Forty Shillings, shall be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace : And all Penalties exceeding Forty Shillings, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record within this Island; one Moiety or Half-part of all such Forfeitures shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety or Half-part to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the same.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Act, entituled, An Act for better ordering of Slaves, made at a Sessions held by Prorogation the fird Day of September, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second; as also one other Act, entituled, An Act for the better Government of Slaves, made at an Assembly convened at St. Jago de la Vega, the Twentieth Day of July, in the Fourth Year of the late King fames the Second; both which said Acts,_ and every Clause and Clauses, Thing and Things therein contained, are hereby repealed, annihilated, and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for co?ifirming and securing Titles to Estates.

WHEREAS by the late dreadful Earthquake, and later Descent of the Act 39.

French Enemy upon this his Majesty's Island, some of the Records have been totally lod, some destroyed and spoiled, and many Writings, Evidences, and Conveyances, belonging to several of the Inhabitants, either burnt, sunk, or destroyed, or otherwise may be found deficient; whereby it becomes difficult, if not impossible, judly to determine each Person's Right and Title, which hath already occasioned many troublesome Law-suits, and like to procure many more; and, if not timely prevented by some good Law, may tend to the utter Ruin of many of his Majesty's good Subjects in this Island : Be it enacted and ordained by his Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and n: is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the dime, That all present Possessors of persons hav-Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Negroes, who have been Five Years in ing quiet Pof-quiet and peaceable Possession, without Clajm or Interruption, or shall remain quietly and peaceably possessed without Claim or Interruption for the Space of Years, to hold Five Years from the Time of such Possession, shall for ever hereafter hold the same as an Edate of Inheritance against all Persons whatsoever that can or may u pretend to claim any Edate or Intered in the said Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Negroes.

II. And that in all Actions concerning Titles of Lands, Tenements, Heredi- and may plead taments, or Negroes, it shall be a good Plea in bar in such Action, for the Te-f"c^®^on nant or Defendant to alledge, that he, she, or they, his, her, or their Ancedors Actions. or Predecessors, whose Edate he, she, or they possess, have or hath been in quiet and peaceable Possession of such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Negroes in quedion, for and during the Space of Five Years before the passing of this Act; or that now being in such Possession, shall so remain and continue for the Space of Five Years from the Time of such Possession; and this Plea en- v

i .exception.

tered shall bar the Plaintiff or Defendant, unless he can disprove the fame, or

R make

66

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act39,4o.

[Proviso.]

1698. make it appear that the said Five Years Possession was during the Time that the V/YNJ Plaintiff or Defendant was under the Age of One and twenty Years, a Woman under Coverture, or Person of unfound Memory; or that the Defendant or Tenant held the same as Tenant by Lease, or Attorney, Guardian, or by virtue of some particular Use, Trust, Mortgage, Courtcfy, Dower for Years, Life, or in Tail, which, at or before the Time of that Action brought, was fully expired.

III. Provided, That such Person under the Age of Twenty one Years, Woman under Coverture, or Person of unfound Memory, shall bring their Action for any such Estate as aforesaid within Three Years after such Person shall attain the Age of One and twenty Years, or Woman under Coverture shall become foie, or Persons of unfound Memory shall be Cotnpos Mentis; and if any of the Persons as aforesaid shall not commence his, her, or their Action within the said Three Years, or any Person or Persons being absent from this Island at the Time of the passing of this Act, shall not within the Space of Three Years next ensuing, commence his, her, or their Action, every such Person shall be, and are hereby for ever debarred from bringing or commencing any such Suit: But if any such Person or Persons, as aforesaid, shall bring any manner of Action whatsoever after the Times aforesaid limited in this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Tenant to give this Act in Evidence, to bar any such Action; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall extend to any Estate under Mortgage; but that every such Estate shall be and remain, to all Intents and Purposes, as before the making of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Mortgaged Estates excepted.

1699. An Act for raising Parties to Jupfrefs rebellious and runaway Negroes.

Act 40. IT WHEREAS the runaway and rebellious Negroes in this Island have of \ V late murdered several of the Inhabitants thereof, as well white Persons as Negroes, and have plundered and destroyed many of the small and Out-settlements, and do still in great Numbers continue doing what Robberies and other Mischiefs they are able, and daily increase their Numbers, by other Negroes running away and joining with them, which may be of fatal Consequence, if not timely suppressed, by taking some speedy Course to reduce them; be it therefore enacted by his Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is Officers im- hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for

idovvc rcd -

pursue runa- the Colonel of every Regiment or Parish in this Island, or in his Absence the next way Negroes. Commanding Officer of the said Regiment or Parish, on Notice to him given of any considerable Number of Negroes run away or in Rebellion, to raise and send out such - Party or Parties of Men, as he shall think convenient to reduce such runaway or rebellious Negroes.

Officers and

II. And for the better Encouragement of such Men to go out and suppress Soldiers Pay. any runaway or rebellious Negroes, as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted, That the Commander of every such Party shall have and receive Six Pounds per Month, the Serjeant Three Pounds per Month, and the rest of the Party each Fifty Shillings per Month, besides all Plunder and other Encouragement given them in an Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves: Which Party shall use their utmost Endeavours to pursue, take, and destroy all such Negroes, not only within the Limits and Bounds of their own Precincts, but also in any other adjoining Precinct, until any One of the Commission-Officers of that Precinct where the Party then is, shall have Notice from the Commander of the said Party to raise another Party to follow the said Rebels or Runaways, nor presume to return to their Habitations, until they have either reduced the said runaway or rebellious Negroes, or that the other Party be raised, or that they have been out in the Pursuit of them One whole Month, if not sooner recalled by their

Commanding

6/

Act4-o,4i* The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Commanding Officer; and that then, on the Return of the said Party or Parties, 1699. their Colonel, or next Commanding Officer, as aforesaid, shall give a Certificate — -»

under his Hand what is due to each Person belonging to the said Party; which Certificate appearing before the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, the said Parties shall forthwith receive out of the Revenue, by an Order from the Governor and Council, their full Pay mentioned in the Certificate aforesaid : And whatsoever Officer or private Sentinel shall refuse the lawful Command of his Colonel or next Commanding Officer, as aforesaid, by not going out in the said Party, or procuring an able Man well armed in his Stead to perform his Duty, the said Colonel, or next Commanding Officer, shall forthwith commit the said Officer or private Sentinel into Custody of the Marshal of the Regiment, in order to be tried and punished as is provided against such as disobey their superior Officers.

III. And whereas a Party was formerly commanded out by Col. Modyford Freeman, under the Command of James Hammond, with a Promise to be paid,

as was then agreed on by the said Col. Freeman, but have not yet received their Pay; Clause ap-be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Lieutenant Colonel Ni- ff^ion^o be" cholas Richardson is hereby impowered to account with the Men belonging to the made James laid Party, and certify to the Governor what Monies remain due to them which Party, after having accounted as aforesaid, shall forthwith be paid out of the Treasury of this Island, by an Order from the Governor and Council to the Receiver-general.

IV. And whereas several Persons were appointed by an Act, entituled, An Slaves dif-

Act for the Encouragement and Freedom of Servants and Slaves, which have done, ^kes done or fall do any remarkable Service against the French duri?7g this present War; to against (he and by virtue of that Act, Richard Lloyd, James Banijler, Thomas Bind lows, and

John Walters, Esqs. Four of the Persons nominated in that Act, did under their She Treasury. Hands and Seals set free a Negroe Man, named Cornelius, belonging to John

Lewis of Port Royal, Merchant, which they valued to be worth Thirty and five Pounds : And by virtue of the same Act, Richard Lloyd, John Walters, and Thomas Bindlows, Esqs. Three of the Persons nominated in the said Act, did under their Hands and Seals set free a Negroe .Man, named Sawcy, belonging to the Estate of Jonathan Afurst, deceased, which they valued to be worth Thirty Pounds: And whereas several other Persons, Inhabitants of this Island, have had several Negroes freed by virtue of the aforesaid Act, and have since been paid by virtue of one other Act, entituled, An Act for raifng the Sum of Eleven thousand Poimds for paying the Debts contracted durijig the Defcejit of the French, and what remained in the Receiver's Hands, raised by virtue of that Act, more than was paid away by the said Receivers being appropriated to the Revenue : And the said John Lewis, and the Estate of Jonathan Ashurst being yet unpaid for the said Negroes, it is therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Lewis receive Thirty and five Pounds, and the Estate of Jonathan Afurst Thirty Pounds, current Money, out of the Treasury of this Island, by an Order from the Governor and Council to the Receiver-general.

An Act for uniting the Precincts of St. Andrew and Kingston.

WHEREAS in one Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for making Act 41. Kingston a Parish, amongst many other Powers, Authorities, Privileges,

Rights, Immunities, and Customs granted thereunto, it was enacted and ordained.

That there should be erected, established, and held in the said Town a Quarter-session for the Conservation of the Peace, and a Court of Common-Pleas, with the said Power and Authority that is, or hath been lately held or exercised at Port Royal: And whereas the said Town and Parish of Kingston, having lain under great Disadvantages and several Discouragements, and the Trade being much decayed, hath induced many of the Inhabitants to remove from and leave the fame, so that it is become difficult for the said Inhabitants, by reason of the Death of some, and the Removal or Resignation of others in several Commissions, to keep and hold the Quarter-session and Court of Common-Pleas, as aforesaid; be it

therefore

68

The 1/ A W S of JAMAICA. Act 41,42.

1699. therefore enacted by his Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly,

'--- — and it is hereby er.acted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That, for the

The Parishes Ease and Benefit of the said Parish of Kingston, from and after the first Day of and yuty> m Pre^ent Year One thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Precinct

united, of St. Andrew and the Precinct of Kingston shall be, and are hereby united and made one Precinct: And for the holding and keeping the Quarter-session for the Conservation of the Peace and Court of Common-Pleas, all Persons in Commission, as aforesaid, in either of the said Parishes, are hereby impowered and required to associate and act within the Limits of either or both the said Parishes, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if both the said Parishes had been particularly named and expressed in their several Commissions. and th^Qpar'

II. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Quarter-tobe heldfessions and Court of Common-Pleas for the Precincts of St. Andrew and King-there alter- fan, shall be held and kept alternately at such Time and Times as hath formerly been used in the Parish of St. Andrew, one Time at the Parish of St. Andrew and another Time at Kingston, successively; any Law, Cidiom, or Usage to die contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

nately.

and St .Catharine, &c.

An Act to oblige the Parishes of St. Catharine and St. Andrew to

build a Bridge over Rio Cobre.

Act 42. TI WHEREAS the difficult Paffiage and unfecure Road between the Parishes of St. Andrew and St. Catharine hath been, and is a great Disadvantage, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, but to the Island in general; be it therefore enacted by his Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Affem-A Bridge to bly, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That within one Month dieParitbes ofafter Pal^ing of this Act, the Justices of the Parishes of St. Andrew and St. St. Andrew Catherine shall view that Part of the River where the Horse-ferry now is, dividing the aforesaid Parishes and the Roads of each Side the said River as far in St. Andrew s as the Plantation commonly called Water-house, and in St. Catharine's as far as the Plantation commonly called Cow Park 5 and within Three Months after the passing of this Act, they the said Justices and Vestrymen shall lay such a Tax on each respective Parish, and raise and levy so much Money as shall be sufficient for the building a good, strong, and secure Bridge over that Part of the said River where the Horse-ferry now is, or over any Part where the said Justices shall think most convenient; or for the making such a Road on each Side of the said River as any Cart, Wain, Waggon, Coach, or other Carriage may meet and pass by each other without Lett or Damage, which shall be done at the proper Costs and Charges of each respective Parish.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bridge so to be built shall be at leaf! twelve Foot wide, and raised on both Sides, and shall be done at the common and equal Charge of the aforesaid two Parishes within the Space of Twelve Months after the first Day of July, in this present Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety-nine; and shall always be by the said Parishes maintained and kept in Repair, over which all Persons shall pass free : And if it shall happen, that the Bridge, when built, dial I be broke down, fall, or be carried away by any Flood, or otherwise, that then the said Justices and Vestrymen for the Time being of each of the aforesaid Parishes, shall lay a Tax, and raise so much Money as shall build another Bridge of the fame Strength and Dimensions.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Justice or neglecting his Vestryman of the Parishes aforesaid shall neglect his or their Duty herein, he or Duty. they neglecting shall forfeit for each Offence respectively the Sum of Fifty Pounds

to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this his Majesty's Island, and the contingent Charges thereof j to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be allowed j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. IV.

Its Dimcn lions.

Penalty on Justice, &c.

69

Act 42,43. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

x IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Mailers or 1699. Owners of the Ferryboat shall and are hereby obliged to maintain and keep the said Ferryboat in good and sufficient Repair, and receive such Toll and Duty as ofierryboatr is directed and appointed in one Ad of this Island, entituled, An Act for main- not keeping taining the Ferry between St. Catharine'.? and St. Andrews, until such Time as the ^°rat m aforesaid Bridge shall be built and compleated.

V. Provided nevertheless, That no Duty or Toll shall be pud for passing overproviso. the said Ferry by any Person or Persons employed in or about the building the said Bridge, or for the conveying or carrying over any Materials belonging to the same.

VI. And if the said Masters or Owners of the said Ferryboat shall refuse or neglect too/. Penalty

to do and perform what they are hereby required, they shall respectively forfeit the ^0^ Sum of One Hundred Pounds; to be recovered and applied as aforesaid; any neglecting his Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Duty*

An Act to make sundry P erf oris a Body Politick, and Directors for the Bath of St. Thomas the Afoftle.

WHEREAS there has been lately discovered in the Land of Col. Edward Act Stanton, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, several Springs of Mineral Water, whereby many great and wonderful Cures have been effected on divers Persons; the which would be of extraordinary Benefit to this Island, were the Roads and Paths thereunto made passable for sick and infirm People, and Provision made of warm and convenient Apartments, and other Necessaries; which, by reason of the ragged Mountains, cannot be done without great Charge and Expence, nor maintained and supported without a certain Fund of Money, and good Order and Government: And whereas the Proprietor, Col. Edward Stanton, has declared his Willingness to transfer his Right to the said Springs and Lands adjoining for the Publick Good; We therefore, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by your Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That for the purchasing of the said of tote Springs and Lands adjoining, and for making a good Road to the said Springs, paid to the and for erecting such Buildings as shall be convenient for poor, sick, and infirm Persons here-

People, and other Necessaries, the Sum of One thousand two hundred and for^chafing fifty Pounds, arising by virtue of one Act, entituled, An Act for raising an act- the Springs, ditional Duty and impoji, made this present Assembly, be paid by the Receiver-general into the Hands of the Persons hereafter nominated and appointed, or into the Hands of such Person or Persons whom they, or the major Part of them, shall appoint.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right Hon. Which Per-Sir William Beef on, your Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor and Commander in ^incorpo-6" Chief of Jamaica, and such as after him shall succeed in the said Office of Go- rated, vernor, or Commander in Chief of Jamaica, for and during the Time they shall so continue in the said Office, Peter Beckford Esq; one of the Privy Council of the said Island, Peter Heywood Esq; one other of the Privy Council of this Island,

Nicholas Laws Esq; one other of the Privy Council, and Chief Justice of this Island, and such as shall succeeed him in the Place of Chief Justice of this Island, during the Time they shall continue Chief Justice; Charles Knights Esq;

Henry Low Esq; Thomas Ayjcough Esq; Richard Dawkins Esq; Charles Chaplin Esq;

James Banifier Esq; Josiah Heathcote Esq; all of the Privy Council of this Island, and all others who shall hereafter be of the Privy Council of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, during the Time they shall continue in the fame Dignity;

Nicholas Richardson Esq; John Clark Esq; Edward Turner Esq; William Harris Esq; and Arthur Meautis Esq; Justices of the Peace of the Parishes of St. Thomas and St. David in this Island, and such as hereafter shall be Justices of the Quorum in the said Parishes of St. Thomas and St. David, or either of them, during the Time they shall continue Justices, shall and may be a Body Politick and Corpo-

S rate

7°

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 43.

the Apojile,

and to farm Jet any of their Estate,

and use a Common Seal,

1699. rate; and shall for ever hereafter hand and be incorporated, established, and

- founded, in Name and in Deed, a Body Politick and Corporate, to have Continuance and Succession for ever by the Name of The Directors of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, and by that Name to have perpetual Succession for ever : And the said Directors, and their Successiors for the Time being, shall and may have lawful Power, Licence, and Authority to purchase and hold to them and their Successiors all that Parcel of Land, containing by Estimation Eleven Hundred and Thirty Acres, wherein the fame Springs are; and that the said Springs, and the Eleven Hundred and Thirty Acres of Land, when and as soon as the same shall be purchased by them, shall be called and known by the Name of The Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle; and that the Springs and Lands, and all Edifices to be thereupon built, shall be and remain unto the said Directors for ever, for the Use and Benefit as well of all your Majesty's loving Subjects as Foreigners, and be^cdln

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Di-the Name of rectors for the Time being, and their Successiors, shall have full Power and law-S"r:/ul Authority by the aforesaid Name of The Directors of the Bath of St. Thomas St. Thomzs the Apostle, to sue and be sued, implead and to be impleaded, to answer and to be answered unto, in all Manner of Courts and Places that now are and hereafter shall be within this Island of Jamaica, in all Manner of Suits whatsoever, and of what Nature and Kind soever such Suits and Actions be or- shall be, in the fame ample Manner and Form, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate in the Realm of England, being able Persons in Law, may do.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors, and their Successiors for the Time being, shall and may have full Power and Authority to demise, lease, or to farm let, any Part or Parcel of the said Lands or Houses hereafter to be built.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors, and their Successiors for the Time being, may have and use a Common Seal, for the making, granting, and demifing of such their Demises and Leases, and for the doing all and every other Thing touching or in any wise concerning the said Incorporation : And also, that the said Directors, or the major Part of them, shall and may have full Power and Authority to change and alter the said Seal at their Pleasure.

Officers re"1 VI. ^ND further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Di-quifne for the rectors, and their Successiors, or the most Part of them, shall and may have full raid Corpora- Power and Authority under the said Common Seal to choose, nominate, and appoint such and as many Officers as they, or the most Part of them, shall judge necessary and requisite for the said Corporation; and to pay and allow them such reasonable Pensions, Fees, or Salaries, as to them shall seem meet; and the fame, or any of them, upon any Neglect or Misdemeanor, to displace and remove; and upon the Death, Resignation, Deprivation, or Removal of them, or any of them, others in their Place and Stead to appoint and put; and to make, ordain, set down, and prescribe such Rules, Laws, and Ordinances, for the Order, Rule, and Government of the said Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, and of the Officers belonging to the fame; and that the fame Orders, Rules, Statutes, and Ordinances, so by the said Directors, and their Successiors for the Time being, or the most Part of them, made, set down, and prescribed, as aforesaid, shall be and stand in full Power and Strength in Law (the fame not being repugnant or contrary to your Majesty's Prerogative Royal, nor to the Laws and Statutes of your Majesty's Realm of England, or of, this your Island of Jamaica, nor to any Ecclesiastical Canons or Constitutions of the Church of E?tgla?id, then in Force and Use.) and erea a

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and in the^ounds may Lwful for the said Directors, or their Successiors for the Time being, and of the said they have hereby full Licence, Power, and Authority to erect and establish, within the Bounds and Limits of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, a Market for the, killing, felling, and vending of Neat and other Cattle and Stock, and all other Sorts of Provisions, to be held upon such Days and Times as the aforesaid Directors, and their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them,

under

Bath,

Act4-3) 44* The LAWS of JAMAICA.

71

under their Common Seal, shall appoint; with the like full Power and Authority 1699. for the said Directors, and their Successors for the Time being, to order and ap- v-"J point a Clerk of the said Market, with reasonable Fees and Allowances, not exceeding what by Law shall be established in this Island in other Markets; and the said Clerk for his Misdemeanor or Neglect, to displace and remove; and in case of his Death, Resignation, Deprivation, or Removal, others in his Stead to iappoint and put.

VIII. And also to grant Licence or Licences to such Person or Persons as they and grant Li-

shall think fit, to fell and retail Strong Liquors, without any Fee or Charge for cc"ccs (,or rc-the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Liquors.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the Lande Lands within the Limits of the Bath of St. Phomas the Apostle, nor any Part there- be let,' but at of, nor any Houses or Buildings thereon, hereafter to be erected or built, flu 11 Will-

be fold, aliened, or otherwise disposed of than at Will, or for Term of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one Years; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Application

Sum and Sums of Money that shall arise by virtue of any Lease and Leases of a*

the said One thousand one hundred and thirty Acres of Land, or any Part or male?ngy Parcel thereof, which shall be demised and granted by the said Directors, or Leases of their Successors for the Time being, shall be employed or laid out, either to- ur ae‘ wards increasing the Buildings, or mending the Roads to the Bath, and providing Necessaries and Conveniencies for sick and poor People, as the said Directors, or their Successors shall think fit; and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

An Act appointing Scavengers> and regulating IVhaifage at

Port Royal.

WHEREAS the Town and Parish of Port Royal hath not Land suffici- Act 44.

ent to elect Surveyors of the Highways, according to an Act, entituled,

An Act for the Highways, made in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, whereby the said Town cannot be kept so clean and healthful as it ought or might be; be it therefore enacted and ordained by his Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for justices and the Justices and Vestry of Port Royal aforesaid, who also are hereby required and 7^7twoP* obliged every Year when they shall first meet to lay their Parish-Tax, to elect Scavengers and choose Two or more Inhabitants of Port Royal to be Scavengers in the said for port-( Town; and them to be impowered by the Justices of the said Place, to employ Royal' Rakers for the cleansing of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and publick Places of the said Town, of the Dust, Filth, and other Annoyances therein, and at such convenient Time and Times as shall be by the said Justices assigned, to be carried away and removed to such Place or Places as to the said Justices shall seem meet, for the Health of the People, and keeping sweet and clean the said Place; and to pay the Rakers by the Hands of the Church-wardens out of the Stock of the said Parish; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And if any Justice neglect his Duty, touching the premisses, or any Part on thereof, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds; and every Vestryman, Scavenger, or Clerk jeftint their" of the Vestry, who shall neglect his or their Duty, where no Penalty is before Duty, set, shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds for each Offence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons Ali Goods keeping publick Wharfs on Port Royal aforesaid, shall be obliged to keep a Book, jjckwhark to wherein he, she, or they shall fairly enter the Marks and Numbers of all such be fairly en-Goods as shall be landed on his, her, or their Wharf or Wharfs, and also the tered> ®c-Names of the Person or Persons by whom landed, and the Name or Names of the Vessel or Vessels out of which the said Goods shall be taken, and also to take a Receipt of the Person or Persons to whom the said Goods shall be delivered.

72

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 4+.

deemed a

publick

Wharf.

1699.

IV. And if any Owner or Owners of Wharf or Wharfs shall receive Pay->- — ment for any Goods landed on their said Wharf or Wharfs, or for any Vessel ly-hat 1 a e ing and undelivering, or lading thereat, the fame Wharf or Wharfs shall be deemed and held to be a publick Wharf.

V. And whatsoever Wharfinger shall neglect to keep such a Book, and mT; to make such Entries, as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the

not keeping a Sum of Ten Pounds; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwith-

BookofEn- standi 6

try. o

Owners of

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Wharfs may may be lawful for any Owner or Owners of Wharf or Wharfs, as aforesaid,

receive the from and after the First Day of Aiigufl, in this present Year One thousand fix

Rates for all hundred ninety nine, to demand and receive of any Person or Persons whatso-Goods landed ever, landing any Goods on his, her, or their Wharfs, the Rates hereafter mentioned, viz. For each Hogshead of Sugar, or other Goods of the Produbt of this Country, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-Pence, for Wharfage, Landing, covering, weighing, and shipping off; and for Indico, Cotton, Piemento, and Ginger, in Bag or small Calk, per Hundred, Three Halfpence, for Landing, Wharfage, and Weighing; and the like Sum of Three Halfpence per Hundred for shipping off again; and for Wharfage and Weighing of each Ton of Logwood, and all other Woods for the Dyer's Use, the Sum of Fifteen Pence; and the like Sum of Fifteen Pence per every Ton for weighing and shipping off the fame; and for each Ton of European Goods landed, or Goods from North America, or the Western Islands, Two Shillings Six- Pence per Ton, Jamaica Tonnage; and the like Sum of Two Shillings Six-Pence per Ton for shipping off the fame again; and for Cocoa, Sarsaparilla, and Jesuits Bark, the Sum of Three Halfpence per Hundred Weight; and for Salt, a Halfpenny per Bushel.

Wharfinger to VIAnd each Wharfinger is hereby obliged to keep a Crane, and Sheds, veniencie^ for and Tarpaulins, for securing of Goods landed upon their Wharf or Wharfs from. Goods against the Weather, on Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of Forty Shillings for every De-the Weather. fauitj and be further liable to pay any Damage that shall be done to any Goods lying on their said Wharf.

VII. And whereas many of the Inhabitants of Port Royal having Lands adjoining upon his Majesty's Streets next the Harbour, sunk in the late dreadful Earthquake; which said Inhabitants are willing to fill up the said Streets adjoining to the said Land, provided they may enjoy the Benefit of the said Streets for Wharfs, in Consideration of the great Charge they will be at in filling the Clause forRe- fame, until such Time as any other Person or Persons that have Land on the who0fufferedS other Side of the said Streets shall fill up their respective Land, which will be of great Advantage to the Island in general; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons filling up any Part of a Street as aforesaid, shall enjoy, pofieis, and receive the Profit and Benefit thereof, as a Wharf, for the Term of Ten Years, or until such Time as the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Land lying on the other Side of the said Street shall fill up their said Lands.

and to prevent

IX. And whereas there are several publick Streets, Lanes, and Alleys, the certain Places £nds of which are adjoining to the Harbour, and convenient for the Water, Ca-

being; con- jo 9 J

noes, Boats, and Wherries to unload at; no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be suffered to wharf or fill up the Ends of the said Lanes, Streets or Alleys towards the Harbour, to prevent or hinder the said Canoes, Boats or Wherries from landing or taking on board their Water or other Freight; any Thing in this Law, or any other, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Bifposition of X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several forfeitures, forfeitures and Penalties in this Act mentioned, shall be one Moiety to the Use of the Parish of Port Royal, and the other Moiety to the Informer; to be recovered, if not exceeding Forty Shillings, before any Justice of the Peace, and if above Forty Shillings, by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record within this Bland, wherein no Efibin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

by the late

dreadful

Earthquake,

verttd into Wharfs.

An Act 45, 46. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

73

An Act for dividing the Parish of St. Elizabeth into Two diJiinEi 1703. Paripes, for the Ease of the Inhabitants.

WHEREAS the Parish of St. Elizabeth is of such large Extent, that Act 45.

the Inhabitants, without long Time of Warning, extraordinary Fatigue,

Loss of Time, and great Expence, cannot convene and appear on publick Occasions, either at Church, Election of Members to serve as Representatives in Assemblies, choosing Church-wardens or Vestrymen, laying on Taxes, appointing Surveyors, and many other Privileges, as Subjects of England, are thereby loft: And whereas the Quantity of Land, Number of Settlements, and Inhabitants contained in the said Parish, are sufficient for Two several and distinct Parishes; Be it therefore enacted and ordained by her Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said Parish of St. Elizabeth be divided, and The Parift of is hereby divided into Two separate and distinct Parishes, at a Place commonly called and known by the Name of Scott's Cove, in Syrranam Quarters, from Two separate thence due North-east, shall divide the said Two Parishes; and from the East- and diain& ward of the said Division to the Parish of Clarendon and Vere, shall be a distindtPanfties< and separate Parish, to be called and known by the Name of the Parish of St.

Elizabeth j and to the Westward of the said Dividing, as aforesaid, to the South Bounds of the Parish of St. James, shall be a distinct and separate Parish, and is hereby called and to be known by the Name of the Parish of Westmoreland; which said Two Parishes shall be, and for ever hereafter taken andefteem-ed, to all Intents and Purposes, Two distinct Parishes, separate from each other, and be called and known by the Name of the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Weji-moreland, and have, use, exercise, and enjoy all and every the Powers, Authorities, Benefits, and Privileges, Rights, Immunities, and Customs, that all or any of the Parishes or Precincts within this Island have or ought to have, use, exercise, or enjoy of common Right, or by virtue of any general Act or Acts of this Country, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if they had been Two distinct and separate Parishes or Precincts, and therein by Name expressly mentioned and specified; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it may be supposed that the Parish of St. Elizabeth, before the separating and dividing thereof, was indebted and in Arrear, in taxing, levying, and paying some publick Debt, or Sum of Money: And whereas there is already, before the dividing of the Parish, as aforesaid, Money taxed, collected, or paid to the Church-wardens or Constables; therefore be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church-wardens which shall be next cho- Church-war-fen for each of the Two several and respective Parishes, shall have and receive, paSh^have sue for, or recover such Proportion of the Money already taxed, levied, or paid, Proportion of as was taxed, levied, collected, or paid in or by the Inhabitants of the Parish of ^ed before Westmoreland before they were divided; and that each of the said Parishes shall the Parish was raise Money according to the Proportion aforesaid, for the Payment and discharg-divideding such publick Debts as were due from the Parish of St. Elizabeth at the Time of the dividing the fame into Two separate and distinct Parishes; any Law,

Custom, or Usage in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to encourage the Importation of White Men.

WHEREAS the importing of white Servants will very much conduce toAcT46 the Security and Advantage of this your Majesty's Island: And to the Intent that due Care may be taken, and Encouragement given to all Masters and Owners of Ships or Vessels, and others who shall import Servants hither, for the disposing of and paying for the same, and defraying such Charges as may or shall

T arise.

74

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 46.

1703. arise, accrue, or become due by this Act; we your Majesty's raoft dutiful and — sr* — ' loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do moffc humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by your Majesty's Lieutenant Governor, Council, and Assembly, That a Sum of Money, 500l. tobe not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, being Part of a Fund arising by an Act, to Uie^Uies^ ent*tu^e(^> for raising an additional Duty andhnpojl, or which hereafter

mentioned in shall arise by virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act for raising and appropriati?ig an additional Duty and Impost, together with the several Sums herein after named, be, and is hereby appropriated for the Uses within this Act mentioned.

II. And that every Master and Owner of Slaves may have their due Proportion of white Servant Men according to their Number of Slaves; that is to say, white Servants For their first ten Slaves, old and young, one white Servant Man; and for their Ownm ofby twenty Slaves, old and young, two white Servant Men; and one white Ser-

S laves.

this Act.

Number of

Neat Cattle, &c.

and Boats.&'r.

vant Man for every twenty Slaves after the first, to be resident in the Plantation where such Slaves are employed.

III. And all Persons having, or that shall have Neat Cattle, Horses, Mules, or Aflinegoes, shall for the first Sixty have one white Servant Man; and one for every Hundred after the first Sixty, to be resident where such Stock are or shall be kept, under the Penalty of forfeiting Forty Shillings for every Refusal of such Servant as shall be placed by the Collector or Receiver-general, in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And all Boats, Wherries, and Canoes, that ply within the Harbour of Kingston, PaJJ'age Fort, or Port Charles, shall, in every such Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, be obliged to keep one white Man, qualified to bear Arms, to be employed in the said Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, under the Penalty of forfeiting Forty Shillings per Month, current Money of this Island, as aforesaid.

justice to issue V. And it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Parish ijlsWarram w where such Offence shall be committed, to issue forth his or their Warrant or Boat, is'e. of Warrants to the Constable or Constables to distrain upon any such Boat, Wherry, Offenders, or Canoe (although it be in Time of Martial Law) and expose them to Sale, by publick Outcry, in the Parish where the Offence shall be committed : But if the Master or Owner of any Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, will ply or work in his said Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, he shall be deemed, taken, and esteemed, to all Intents and Purposes, in Lieu and in Stead of a white Servant; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And to prevent all Frauds that may be committed by any Owners or Plyers

No Boat, £sfr. of Wherries, Canoes, or Boats, as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That within Harbour of6 Ten -^ays a^ter the passing of this Act, no Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, do or shall King ft on, &c. ply in the Harbour of Kingston, Passage Fort, or Port Charles, until the said Boat, ljefo{'e ic be Wherry, or Canoe be numbered; and the Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, and Num-regStered in" her, with the Name of the Owner thereof, be first registered in her Majesty's Naval Office. Naval Office; and the Number, with the Surname of the Owner or Owners,

wrote at Length, be placed upon the upper Part of the Outside of the Stern of the said Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, and on no other Part, in large and plain Letters and Figures, upon the Penalty of Forty Shillings for each and every Offence; which Number the Naval Officer is hereby required, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings, to register, with the Name of the Owner or Owners, in Order as they come; and deliver in Writing the Number to be placed on the said Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, and receive for .his Fee Two Shillings and Six-Pence, and no more.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Merchant, Master, or Importer of white Servants shall presume to bargain or fell

white Servants any Servant or Servants within Six Days after their Arrival, under the Penalty of within Six forfeiting One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every Servant

Days after r c J }

their Arrival, so disposed of.

Coile&or.tsv.

VIII. And to the Intent that all due Encouragement may be given to all Mer-obiiged to re- chants and other Importers, as aforesaid, if any Servant or bervants remain undif-cene uc er- pQpecj for the gpace Qf geven Days after the Expiration of the Time aforesaid;

that then, and in such Case, the Merchant, Master, or Importer of such Servants, may give a List of the said Servants to the Collector, Receiver-general, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby obliged to take and receive the said Servants,

paying

Penalty on Merchant, &c. fellinsr

vants as remain undisposed of.

Act 46. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

7S

paying the Importer, if in Time of War, the Sum of Eighteen Pounds current 1703. Money of this Island per Head; and in Time of Peace, Fourteen Pounds per Head; provided such Servant or Servants be English, Scotch, Wcljlo, or of the Islands of Jersey, Gucrnf'cy, or Man: And for all Irish Servants, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds per Head in Time of War, and Twelve Pounds in Time of Peace

Provided also, .That all such Servants be not under the Age of Fifteen, and not above the Age of Forty Years: And that no Convids, Jews, Quakers, Tick, descripped, or disabled Persons be within the Construction of this Act : And the Collector or Receiver-general receiving such Servants, shall forthwith fend the same to the Custos Rotulorum, or in his Absence, to any Two Justices of the Peace, One being of the Quorum, of the Parish or Prccind where the greatest Deficiencies are, in Proportion to Slaves.

IX. And to the Intent that the Collector or Receiver-general may be duly informed of the Deficiencies of each Parish or Precind, be it further enacted by the Authority foresaid, That all Persons, by themselves, or Overseers, are hereby owners of obliged, once every Six Months, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for each and SIav.es obliged every Offence, to give an Account upon Oath to the Justices, in Sessions, or where count of^hem no Sessions are, to any Two Justices, the Number of their Slaves and Cattle, and to thejufiices. Servants hired for the Space of Six Months; that the Custos Rotulorum, or Two^J^ Justices, whereof One to be of the Quorum, do forthwith fend a List of the Deficiencies to the Collector or Receiver-general, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money of this Island, that upon the Arrival of Servants he may supply the Deficiencies in each Precind: And the Custos Rotulorum, or in his Absence, any

Two Justices, as aforesaid, receiving the fame, shall proportion, value, and allot them to the several Persons within their Parishes or Precincts, as they in their Discretion shall judge; provided, that such Sums do notin the whole exceed the Rates within this Act afore mentioned: And all Sum or Sums of Money from thence arising, shall be, by the Constable or Constables, within Two Months after such Allotment made, collected, gathered, and paid to the Custos Rotulorum, or Two Justices, as aforesaid; who receiving the fame, shall, within Fourteen Days, under Penalty of One hundred Pounds current Money, remit it to the Collector, Receiver-general, or his lawful Deputy, to reimburse the Monies by him so laid out: And if any Person or Persons do not, within the Time appointed, pay the Sum or Sums aforesaid, although it be in Time of Marshal Law, the same shall be recovered by Warrant from any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace; as also all Debts contracted for any Servant or Servants fold within this Island, in the same Manner as is provided in the Ad impowering the Justices of the Peace to decide Differences not exceeding Forty Shillings; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And the Collector, or Receiver-general, or his lawful Deputy, shall be CollectorV allowed at the Rate of Two and half per Cent, for the receiving and paying allFees* such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall receive or pay by virtue of this Act, and the Charges he shall be at in the Execution of the same.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons Any Person whatsoever who shall hereafter purchase or buy any Person, or cause to be bought ^hiteServant or purchased any white Servant or Servants, to fill up their Deficiencies, shall and to give Notice are hereby required to give upon Oath (which Oath the Collector or Receiver- °^ctnPthe general is hereby impowered and required to administer) an Account of the fame, Receiver-ge-and in what Parish he intends to place them, upon Penalty of forfeiting TwentylieraJ* Pounds for each Servant bought or purchased; to be recovered by Action of Debt,

in any Court of Record within this Island.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector or Receiver-general shall No Parish to at any Time send to any Parish more white Servants than are needful for the fill- ^hiL^ervants ing up the Deficiencies; such Parish shall, and is hereby obliged to receive, keep, sent to it than and maintain the fame at the Charge of the said Parish for the Space of Ten Days,are needful-that the Collector or Receiver-general may assign them to some other Part, as also

all Charges of Passage and Travel to and from the said Parish; and upon the Re-fufal so to do, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

76

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 46,47.

1703<

Jews to supply their Deficiencies by their own Nation.

Matter of Ship importing 30 white Men-servants, freed from Port Charges.

Repeal of a former Act.

Forfeitures how to be recovered and disposed of.

Act 47.

Patent sealed under the Great Seal declared a good Title,

which the Chancellor is to enroll.

notwithstanding any Mif-nomer, &c. in the said Patent.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Jews that are or shall be hereafter Masters or Owners of Slaves within this Island, shall supply their Deficiencies by their own Nation, or by hired white Christian Men, and not by indented Christian Servants, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds current Money of this Island.

XIV. And be it further enacted, For the greater Encouragement of all Ma-fters of Ships or Vessels that shall import to this Island thirty white Men-servants, as aforesaid, and due Proof upon Oath made thereof before the Naval Officer (who is hereby impowered and required to administer the same) shall for that Voyage be altogether freed and exempted from paying any Port-Charges for the said Ship or Vessel wherein the said Servants are imported 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of white Servants, confirmed in Council by his late Majesty King Charles the Second, the seventeenth Day of April, One thousand six hundred and eighty four, and every Clause and Clauses therein contained, be and are Hereby repealed, annulled, and made void to all Intents and Purposesi any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties before mentioned in this Act, and not declared where they shall be recovered, or how disposed of, shall be one Half to the Uses in this Act mentioned; and the other Half to the Informer, who shall sue for the fame: To be recovered, if not exceeding Forty Shillings, before any Justice of the Peace j if above Forty Shillings, in any Court of Record within this Island, where no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Law, Gu-ftom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for ascertaining, establishing, and more speedy collecting her Majesty 5 ^uit-rents.

BE it enacted and ordained by her Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Afiemby, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That a Patent sealed under the Great Seal of this Island, and recorded in the Office of Enrolments, established in this Island, shall evidence the Patentee or Patentees just Right and Title to all and every Parcel of Lands, House or Houses, Tenements, or other Things in the said Patent granted, and be a good Bar to the Right and Title of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors.

II. And to the End her Majesty's Grants may not be hindered, delayed, or obstructed; the Keeper of the Seal, or Chancellor for the Time being, shall, and is hereby obliged, the next Tuesday before each Grand Court, to cause all such Grants and Patents as are in his Office to be sealed at St. Jago de la Vega: And all inferior Officers, who are concerned in drawing and passing the fame, are then and there likewise to be ready to do their Duty.

III. And forasmuch as all Titles of Land are derived from her Majesty and her Royal Predecessors, and the Land hath been laid out, and the Patents made by her Majesty and her Predecessors Officers, in which many Errors or Mistakes may have happened; which, according to the ftrid Rules of Law, might make many Grants void, in all or in Part: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Lands already granted under the Broad Seal of this Island, or hereafter to be granted by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, upon Surveys made or to be made, be for ever good to the Patentee, and to those to whom the Right of the Patentee shall come, for all Lands comprized within the Survey or Bounds; any Misnomer, Mifbounding, or mistaking of Quantity, or other Error notwithstanding, against her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons claiming under her or them for ever: And that all such Grants shall be taken as strongly against her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, as the Grants of any other Person or Persons should or ought to be taken against him or them, or his or their Heirs or Assigns. IV. Pro-

8

77

Act 47. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore- 1703. said. That where either her Majesty or the Patentee are aggrieved by Mi (lake in v — Quantity, a Re-survey shall be made by one Surveyor, indifferently sworn between proviso. the Queen and 1'atentee, or who claimeth in his Right, before any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace: Upon which Re-survey a Confirmation of the former Grant shall issue under the Broad Seal of this Bland, reciting the Error, and reserving for the future the fame Rent mentioned in the said Grant, according to

the just Quantity found by such Re-survey : For which Confirmation the Chancellor shall receive Ten Shillings; and the Clerk of the Patents Eight Shillings, and no more; to be paid, as all other Charges of the said Re-survey, by the Party requiring the fame : But no Retrospect shall be had to what Rent ought to have been paid, be the Quantity more or less; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaidj That if any Dispute Judges tode-

shall ever arise upon any Survey, wherein the Survey or Plat given into the Patent- in all

Office shall vary from the real run and marked Lines; in all such Disputes the Judges, before whom the same shall happen, shall adjudge the real run and marked Lines, which are proved before them to be run and marked, to be the Bounds of the Lands granted; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary not-withRanding.

VI. And whereas there have been Uncertainties and Disputes in the Payment of her Majesty's Quit-rents, reserved in the Patents formerly granted, by reason of the Words Manured and Planted: And whereas her Majesty hath been, and now is graciously pleased, that whatsoever shall arise from the Quit-rents shall be applied towards the Support of the Government, and defraying the contingent Charges of this Bland : In ConRderation whereof, and to ascertain the fame, be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Parcel or Parcels of Landsgranted Land, of what Nature and Quality soever, granted and patented before the Twen-

ty-fifth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and 1671, to pay seventy one, shall, for Arrears and growing Rents, pay for every Thirty Acres annually the Sum of One Shilling, and so proportionably for every Parcel under for every '30 One hundred Acres; and for every hundred Acres, Two Shillings and Six-Pence, AcresofLand, and so proportionably for a greater Quantity; and for all Lands, of what Quantity ^c‘ soever, from the aforesaid Time to the Twelfth of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred seventy and four, or that shall hereafter be granted, shall pay one Half-penny per Acre, and so proportionably for a greater Quantity; and for Foot-land, one Half-penny per Foot for two Sides of the Square added together, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, as a certain established Quit-rent and Acknowledgment to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors for ever; any Law, Custom, or Usage, or any Thing contained in the said Patents to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And for the more speedy and easy collecting of the said Quit-rents, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Receiver of the Colleaor to Quit-rents, or his lawful Deputy, shall twice every Year, viz. at the Feasts of^ereP^°®.c= St. Michael the Arch-angel, and of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, 0°/Q^ic-rents, keep an Office in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, in the Parish of St. Catharine,

and in the Town of Kingston, during the Space of one Month at each Place, and then and there to receive the Quit-rents from the Persons concerned; which said Office he shall attend from the Hours of Eight to Eleven in the Forenoon, and from the Hours of Two to Five in the Afternoon; and upon the Receipt of her Majesty's Quit-rents, thereof to acquit and discharge all Persons.

VIII. And whereas on the Seventh of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety two, there happened a dreadful Earthquake, wherein the Receiver-general loft the Books of Accounts, and all Papers relating to the Quit-rents and his Office, then kept at Port Royal: As also the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, by that Calamity, and the Ravage, Spoil, and Devaluation made by the Enemy soon after, many Patents, Deeds, Evidences, and Receipts belonging to the Inhabitants of this Bland were burnt and destroyed whereby the Receivers of her Majesty's Quit-rents have since from Time to Time been ren-

U - . dered

7 8 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 47.

1703. dered incapable of doing their Duty in collecting the Quit-rents as the Act requir-

u. — ed: To prevent so great an Inconveniency and Hardfship that has attended this Island since that Time for want of Money upon all Occasions, not only to defray

the contingent Charges, but also to enable the Treasury, upon any Emergency, to supply and furnish the Country with Money, without imposing heavy and bur-

thenfome Taxes upon the Inhabitants, especially in Time of War, wherein often

the Design is frustrated before Money to be raised for the Purposecan be collected;

and fully to enable the Collector, the Receiver-general, and his Deputy, to make

and state a just and true Account of her Majesty's Quit-rents; and to indemnify

and discharge all Patentees, Owners, or Proprietors of Lands chargeable with

Quit rents, from all their Quit-rents and Arrearages of Quit-rents, become due

and payable at or before the Feast of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in the Year of

our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety two; and that so great a Branch

of the Revenue may be duly and punctually paid and applied from Time to Time,

and at all Times hereafter, at the usual Times mentioned in the Letters-patents

for paying the fame, and in case of any Failure and Default of the Payment of the said Quit-rents so reserved in Letters-patents, at the usual Times in the said Grants

mentioned and reserved; and fully to impower and enable the Receiver-general,

his Deputy, and other Officers, to proceed and prosecute such Offenders as the

Laws in such Cases do direct: Be it further enacted by the Lieutenant-Governor,

Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority

Persons dif- of the fame. That all Sum and Sums of Money that were due for Quit-rents in this Island on or before the Feast of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in the Year of

ferns"due be- our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety two, from any Person or Persons

fore the Fea« whatsoever, be and are hereby acquitted, released, and discharged : any Law, of St. Michael, ' TTr , \ j- 6 3

1692. Custom, or ulage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Time limited

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons re-

for paying siding in this Island, by themselves, Agents, Factors, Attornies, or other Persons, Qdt-rents shall repair to the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, or Kingston, at or before the first

due on the Day of February, in this present Year One thousand seven hundred and three, and

*JryX(?7ofrU‘ t^len anc* tIiere account with the Receiver-general, or his Deputy or Deputies, for all Sum or Sums become due and payable for their Quit-rents until the Feast of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in this present Year One thousand seven hundred and three; and pay or give Security to pay the same at or before the first Day of May next, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and four, after the making up such Account: And the Receiver-general, or his Deputy, shall, on Demand, give a Certificate unto such Person or Persons, that he, (lie, or they have so accounted, paid, or given in Security to pay, at or before the said first Day of May next, all such Sum and Sums of Money due from him, her, or them, for their and each of their Quit-rents and Arrearages of Quit-rents to the Feast of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in this present Year One thousand seven hundred and three, as aforesaid; for which the Receiver-general, or his Deputy, fha 11 take Two Shillings and Six-Pence, as a Fee for the fame, and no more; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Chuse to en- X. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That force the Pay- persons that do not inhabit and reside within this Island, and are possessed and

rents duefrom hold any Land or Lands within the same, and have no Effects whereon her Ma-Persons who jesty may distrain for the Quit-rents due for the fame in this Island; every such rhelfland.0" Person or Persons are hereby required and obliged, by themselves, Agent, or Attorney, within eighteen Months after the first Day of February, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three, to account with the Receiver-general for the Time being, or his Deputy, and pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be found due to her Majesty for Quit-rents since the Feast of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety two, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said Land or Lands: And in case at the Expiration of the said Term of eighteen Months after the first Day of February, in this present Year One thousand seven hundred and three, the said Owner or Possessor do not, by himself, Agent, Attorney, or other Person, account and pay as by this Adtis required; that then the Provost-manhal-general of this Island, or his

Deputy,

Act 47.

79

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Deputy, is hereby authorized and required to make Proclamation of the fame in the 1703.

Supreme Court of Judicature, held at the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, the two -----'

next Courts after such Failure and Forfeiture, and Judgment shall be affirmed to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successiors; and the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, is hereby required and i*mpowered to seize the fame accordingly: And then, and from thenceforth, the said Land or Lands, as aforesaid, shall be veiled in our Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Lleirs and Successiors; and shall be a perpetual Bar against any former Patent, Grant, or Claim whatsoever: And that then it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, by Letters-patents under the Broad Seal of this Island, to grant the said forfeited Land or Lands to any Person or Persons whatsoever; any Law, Cu-ftom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Clause to cn-Owner or Proprietor of Land within this Bland, shall, and are hereby impowered ^r^rnrj"rs to resign and surrender any whole Tract or Parcel of Land or Lands, or Grants their Lands, they now hold, seized in Fee-simple, in their own proper Right, into the .Hands of her Majesty, or her Heirs or Successiors; which Surrender shall be made by delivering up into the Hands of the Clerk of the Chancery for the Time being, all such Patents, Grants, and Evidences, whereby they have held the fame, or by certifying the Records thereof: And the Clerk of the Chancery is hereby required and impowered to accept and receive the same; and upon Receipt thereof, to give a Certificate under his Hand unto the Person or Persons surrendering as aforesaid; in which shall be expressed the Date of the Grant, the Quantity of the Land or Lands, the Parish it lies in, and the Bounds of the fame; which being duly acknowledged by the Clerk of the Chancery before the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or before some one of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Bland, and Record thereof made in the Secretary's Office of Enrolments, shall be deemed and taken as a total Resignation and Surrender of such Grant or Patent: And the Person or Persons surrendering in Manner aforesaid, shall be acquitted and discharged from all Quit-rents reserved for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after such which may be Surrender of any whole Parcel or Trad; of Land or Lands, as aforesaid, that itre£ramed* shall and may be lawful for the .Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, by Letters-patents under the Broad Seal of this Bland, to grant the same to any Person or Persons whatsoever : And that the Clerk of the Chancery have and receive, as a Fee for his Certificate and Acknowledgment, the Sum of Five Shillings for every Parcel of Land so resigned and surrendered; and the Secretary the Sum of Five Shillings for the recording the fame: Provided always, That such Land or Lands so to be surrendered, are, at the Time of the Surrender and Resignation, free and clear of and from all former and other Gifts, Grants, Mortgages, Intails, and Incumbrances whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Persons rot Person or Persons, Owners or Proprietors of Land within this Island, that shall Pay.In2 their

J 1 f ' Quic-rents^ex

not, by themselves, > Fabtor, Attorney, or other Person, repair to the Receiver-eluded the Be general's Office for that Purpose, to be duly and constantly kept at the Towns of nefit0* thU St., Jag° de la Vega and Kingston, at the usual Office-Hours, from the Time of the passing of this Act until the first: Day of May next, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and four, and then and there duly account with the Collector or Receiver-general, or his Deputy or Deputies, and pay, or give Security to pay, at or before the said first Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and four, all his, her, or their Quit-rents and Arrearages of Quit-rents, at that Time due, for all and every the Lands they hold andpossess, from the said Feast: of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety two; all and every Person forefufing or neglecting the fame, shall be wholly excluded and barred from any Benefit and Advantage by this Act: And the Collector, or Receiver-general, or his Deputy, shall and are hereby required to make Enquiry after all such Persons so refilling or neglecting to account as aforesaid, and inform her Majesty's Attorney-general, that due Pro-

cess

8o

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 47.

1703-

Penalty on

Guardians not paying the Quit-rents lor Infants

Ellaies.

Purchaser of Lands to give Notice of such Purchase to the Receiver-general.

Bills of Sale duly executed, to be deemed good in Law.

Duplicates to be kept of all Books wherein her Majesty's Quit-rents are entered.

Penalty on Officers neglecting their Duty.

cess may be issued out against such Offender or Offenders as the Law in such Cases requires, for the Recovery of all her Majesty's Quit-rents and Arrearages of Quit-rents due from the Date of each Patent.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Trustee or Guardian to any Owner or Proprietor ot Land within this Island, being an Infant, shall and are hereby required, at or before the said first Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and four, to repair to the Receiver-general's Office, and there account and pay the Quit-rents due for every such Infant's Land under his, her, or their Charge, on the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds, current Money; unless the said Trustee or Guardian shall from Time to Time make Oath (which Oath the said Collector, Receiver-general, or Deputy, have Power, and are hereby required to administer) that he hath not Effects in his Hands enough to pay the same; which shall be sufficient for that Time to excuse the said Guardian or Trustee, and hinder and flop any further Process until the said Infant or Infants come to Age themselves.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more ready collecting her Majesty's Quit-rents, from henceforth becoming due and payable j all Owners and Proprietors of Land within this Island that shall hereafter alien, fell, or convey any Part or Parcel of Land to any Person whatsoever, the said Buyer and Purchaser of such Land shall, and is hereby required, within the Space of Three Months after any such Alienation, Sale, or Conveyance, to give an Account of the same to the Receiver-general, or his Deputy, in Writing, expressing his own Name, the Name of the Parish, Quantity of Land, and the Person of whom he purchased the fame, and the Bounds thereof respectively; to the Intent the Receiver-general may know upon whom the Quit-rents from that Time become due and payable, under the Penalty that such Purchaser forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for each Neglect: And the Collector, Receiver-general, or Deputy, shall keep a Book for that Purpose, and enter the fame accordingly; for which he shall receive, as a Fee, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bills of Sale and Conveyances whatsoever, heretofore made and recorded, or such as shall be made hereafter by any Persons out of this Island, either by Husband-and Wife, or by any Angle Person, who by Law may make any such Sale or Conveyance, and acknowledged before the Lord Mayor of London, or any Lord Mayor, or Mayor of any other City within the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, or before Governor or Governors of any of her Majesty's Islands or Colonies for the Time being, and duly recorded in this Island, shall be good and valid in Law against all Persons whatsoever, that can or may claim any manner of Estate in the Lands, Tenements, or Premisses so conveyed, or to be conveyed, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Lands or Tenements in England might be passed by Fine and Recovery duly levied and executed in any of her Majesty's Courts in Westminster.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Duplicate of all her Majesty's Books of Quit-rents, Imports, Fines, and Forfeitures, and other Branches of her Majesty's Revenues, shall be kept in the Town of St. *Jago de la Vega, to prevent any future Accident, and for the better Security thereof; for which the Receiver-general, or his Deputy, shall take such Fee only as is allowed him in this Act and the Act of Revenue, and no more; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-general, and his Deputy and Deputies, her Majesty's Attorney-general, the Provost-marshal-general, and his Deputy, the Clerk of the Chancery, and all other Officers, and each of them respectively for the Time being, that shall neg-lect his or their Duty in the Execution of the Trust and Office hereby required and reposed in each of them respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, each Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every such Offence : All which Fines and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, shall be one Half to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government

Act 47, 48. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

8r

I I

'I

U

tr

el

0

vernment of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half 1703. to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame in the Supreme *- — ~v Court of Judicature, where no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non rcult ulterius prosequi shall be entered 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to prohibit the keeping of any Quantities of Gunpowder on Port Royal, and for the better Regulating and Security of the said Town: And to enable the Freeholders to choose Church- wardens, Vzflrymen, and other Parochial Officers, although the Titne for choosing thereof be elapsed already.

HERE AS it has been found by fatal Experience, that permitting of Act 48. Gunpowder in great Quantities upon Port Royal, and the covering the Houses with Shingles brought from the Northward, was in great Measure the Occasion of the Destruction of the said Place, by the late dreadful Fire; for the Prevention whereof for the future, be it enacted by your Majesty's Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July, in this present Penalty on Year One thousand seven hundred and four, no Person or Persons shall presume Perr°ns keeP"

. a a cater

to keep any Quantity or Quantities of Gunpowder, exceeding four Pounds for oJan;in of each white Man in each respective Family, except Retailers of Gunpowder, who Gunpowder shall be permitted to keep the Quantity of one Barrel, and no more, at one Time; thereby which said Powder shall be kept in the uppermost Room in the House of such allowed. Retailer or Retailers; and in case there be no upper Room, then in some Loft or other Place near the Roof of such House, to be for that Purpose erected: And if any Person or Persons shall keep in any House or Houses any greater Quantity of Gunpowder than what is prescribed and allotted, every Person and Persons so offending, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit not only the said Powder but the Sum of Ten Pounds; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record within this Island; one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Church-wardens for the Time being of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or any other Person that will sue for the fame; wherein no Essoin,

Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the fhingling of Houses with Shingles brought from the Northward is found by Experience to be very dangerous, be it further enacted c/ by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and af-

ter the said first Day of July, shall cover any Jdhtife, Shed, Out-house, or any Act 51. other Buildings, with any Shingles brought from the Northward, or with any other Shingles, save what are made in this Island, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, besides the Forfeiture thereof; one Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Church-wardens for the Time being of the said Parish, for the Use of the Poor thereof, as aforesaid; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or any other Persons that shall sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas, for the Security of the Town, the Church-wardens and Vestry for the Time being may find it necessary,' that all Powder, Pitch, Tar,

Rozin, Brimstone, Turpentine, Cordage, and all other combustible Matters, together with all Lumber, and Persons trading therein, or making use of Fire, should be removed thereout, and kept at the Pan-ho use, or some other convenient Place adjoining thereunto : To the Intent therefore that all and every such Person and Persons may have a convenient Place allotted for the carrying on of their respective Trades and Employments, be it enacted by the Authority afore-

X " said*

82

Leases of Ground by them let, to be valid in Law.

tion of Fire.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act48,49.

1704. said, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry for the Time t- — v — ' being, to demise, let, and set to all and every Person and Persons trading in all or Justices £sv any such Commodities, all and every such Quantity and Quantities of Ground at may let' or near the Tan-house, or any other Place adjacent thereunto within the said Pa-Ground near as the Church-wardens and Vestry shall judge necessary and convenient, at xoVtttonT' and under such yearly and other Rents, Reservations, Limitations, Restrictions, dealing m and other Covenants, and for any Number of Years, not exceeding Twenty-one, Gunpowder, ag Church-wardens and Vestry for the Time being, or a Majority thereof,

and such Lessee or Lessees shall agree upon.

IV. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all and every such Lease or Leases, Demise and Demises, to be made and executed by the said Justices and Vestry, or the major Part of them, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be good and valid in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, to convey the Lands and Tenements to be mentioned and contained in such Lease or Leases, for the Time and Term to be therein limited} any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary In any wise notwithstanding.

Penalty on V. And for the further Security and Regulation of the said Town, and pre-obeying^Or- vent,n& of Fire therein, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it tiers made for shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices and Vestry, when and as of the Preven- ten as they meet} to make, constitute, and ordain such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, as they, or a Majority of them, as aforesaid, shall judge necessary and convenient} and that all and every such Rules, Orders, and Ordinances, so to be made and ordained by the said Justices and Vestry, or the major Part of them, as aforesaid, shall oblige and bind all and every the Inhabitants within the said Parish: And in case any Inhabitant or Inhabitants within the said Parish shall refuse to obey or comply with such Rule, Order, or Ordinance; that then all and every Person or Persons so offending, neglecting, disobeying, or refusing to comply therewith, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; to be recovered and levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace of the said Parish } any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas the Time for choosing Church-wardens and Vestrymen, and other Parochial Officers, is, by the Constitution and a Law of this Island, elapsed } be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices, or any Two of them, within Ten Days after the passing of this Act, to issue out a Warrant or Warrants to the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, to summon the Freeholders of the said Parish, to be and appear at such a certain Place, and on such certain Day and Time as the said Justices shall appoint, then and there to make Choice of Ten Vestrymen, Two Church-wardens, Constables, and other Parochial Officers, to serve for the remaining Part of this present Year One thousand seven hundred and four, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been chosen within the Time prescribed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, enti-tuled, An Act for the Maintenance oj Minifers and the Poor, and eretling and repairing of Churches*, any thing herein, or in any former Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Justices to jflue a Warrant for the choosing of Parish Offi-

cers

1705. An Act for making a new Road from St. Thomas in the East to

St. Andrew.

Act 49. WHEREAS the high Road from St. 'Thomas's and St. David's lieth so near the Sea-fide, that by the landing of an Enemy the necessary Communication between the Parishes of St. Andrew, St. Thomas, and St. David may be obstructed } and that it is therefore necessary that a new Road should be made higher up in the Country; be it therefore enacted by her Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of

Act 49,50. 'Hie LAWS of JAMAICA.

83

of the fame, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Pa- 1705. rish of St. Thomas to issue out their Warrant to summon a Jury to view and lay "V"- — out a Path from Rujk Savanna, on the North Side of the Plantations of Lieutenant Colonel William Harris, over the Hills, to the Plantation of Capt. John Cojley, Thro' what until they meet with the high Road that leads to Yellow Bay; and that they clear pa"s War and maintain the fame at their own Colt and Charge : And that the justices of the make a ^nad Parish of St. David do summon a Jury to lay out a Path through the Land late of from S i.Tho-Col. William Reives and Oathil Plantation, and from thence to Capt. Cojley s Pen, called Cambridge, and from thence over the Hills to Ball's Bay River : And that the Justices of Port Royal and St. Andrew's, or some of them, do join, and by Warrant summon a Jury to lay out a Path thro' the Parish Land of Port Royal and St.

Andrew's, the belt and most convenient Way to the Plantation of Elizabeth Humphries,Widow, beginning at Bull's Bay River, where the Path from the Parish of St.

David ends: And that the Plantations in the Parish of Port Royal do join their Hands with the Inhabitants of St. Andrew's, for the making and clearing of such Roads.

II. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor or Surveyors of each and every Parish above mentioned shall go with the Jury when they lay out'trend the fu° the Roads; and when they are laid out, that the several Surveyors proceed forth- ry that lay' with to do their Duties, to open and clear the several Roads in this Act mentioned; ouc the Roads. and that it be done in the same Manner as by an Act of this Island, entituled,

An Act for the Highways.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Justices Penalty onja. and Surveyors of each and every Parish in this Act mentioned shall neglect their v^or Tneg- several Duties, they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, current lesting their Money, where any such Neglect shall appear; one Half of all such Fines and Duty> Forfeitures shall be to him or them that shall sue for the fame, and the other

Moiety for the Use of the new Roads in such Parishes where the Neglect shall happen : And that the Justices of the above named Parishes shall proceed to the laying out such Roads in their several Parishes at or upon the First of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and five: That all Fines under Forty Shillings shall be recovered before any Justices of the Peace; and if above Forty Shillings, in any Court of Record within this Island, where no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the making and keeping clear a publick Road from Clarendon to St. Elizabeth^, over One-Eye Savanna.

WHEREAS the present Highway from St. Jago delaVega into the Parishes Act 50.

of St. Elizabeth and Westmoreland, in that Part from Swift River over Long Bay and the Devil's Race, is very inconvenient and dangerous, by reason of the Quick-sands along the Sea-shore, and the Narrowness and Difficulty of the Pass over the Devil's Race: And whereas by several credible Persons that have travelled in the Woods and Mountains between Porus Savanna in the Parish of Clarendon, and Forjler's Plantation in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, it hath been found, that a more commodious and shorter Way may be cut through the Woods from Porus Savanna aforesaid, by the Cijlerus to Martin's and by One-Eye Mountain to Former's Plantation, in the Parish of St. Elizabeth aforesaid : And it being requisite, as well for her Majesty's Service in conducting speedy Succours to each Place, as for the necessary Use of her Majesty's liege People, that a publick Road be laid out from the said Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Westmorland into the Parish of Clarendon aforesaid j be it therefore enacted by her Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That a new Highway or Path shall be, with all conveni- £ ent Speed, run out and made, leading from the Cross to Burnt Savanna, and rrom c)arf, through St. Jago Savanna by Mr. John Sutton's Penn, and so over St. Jago Sa- don toSt. Eli-vanna to Porus Savanna, in the Parish of Clarendon, according to the most di- zabeth s‘ rect and convenient Course it can be laid out j and from Porus Savanna aforesaid

8+

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 50.

1705.

The Commissioners in this Act named, to admimher an Oath to the Surv eyors of the Highways, Cft.

Commissioners appointed for both Parishes to take Care of the due Execution of this Act.

fa id by Martin's, and from Martins to the Cijierm, and from the Ciferus by One-Eye Mountain aforesaid, and from thence the most direct and best Way leading to Forfer's Plantation in St. Elizabeth's aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the respective Parishes, in this Act to be hereafter nominated and appointed, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required to administer an Oath to the Surveyor of the Highways or Way-wardens of each respective Parish, forthwith upon the Return of the Surveyors, who are to run and lay out the said Road or Highway, to the Commissioners in this Act to be hereafter named; which said Surveyors are to be appointed by the said Commissioners: And after such Return to be made and delivered by the said Surveyors to the said Commissioners, the said Commissioners are to deliver the same to the said Way-wardens or Surveyors of the Highways, who shall thereupon forthwith proceed to the Execution and Discharge of the several respective Duties, as is required in and by an Act, entituled, An Act for the Highways, as in all other Cases of Publick Roads and Highways, which said Highway shall be cut sixty Foot broad, according to an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Highways, and well cleared by the Way-wardens of the Parish of Clarendon aforesaid, by the Labour of the Negroes belonging to the said Parish, by them to be warned for that Purpo'fe, so far Westwardly as the Bounds of the said Parish shall be found to extend; and the remaining Part of the Way to Fofer's Plantation, as aforesaid, shall be cut and cleared in like Manner by the Way-wardens of St. Elizabeth's : And the said Highway being so cut and cleared, shall for ever hereafter be deemed and taken as a Publick Road; and shall, as often as Occasion requires, be maintained, repaired, and cleared, and kept in good Order by the Way-wardens of the said Parish of Clarendon, from the Cross aforesaid to the West ward Bounds of the said Parish of Clarendon, and by the Way-wardens of the Parish of St. Elizabeth, from thence to Forfer's Plantation aforesaid, and thence by or through Dickenfo?i's Plantation to the next Highway, leading to the Parish of Westmoreland, through the Parish of St. Elizabeth aforesaid.

III. And to prevent all Disputes which may arise about the Bounds of the said Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clare?idon, or other wise however touching the Execution and Performance of this Law, be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Jonathan Gale, John Cambel Esq; Jonathan Dickenson, John Forfer, and John Hodges, Gentlemen of the said Parish of St. Elizabeth; Peter Beckford, Edward Pennant, Edward Fearon, Thomas Roden, and Thomas Cargil, Esquires, of the Parish of Clarendon, be and are hereby appointed Commissioners to insped and take Care of the due Execution of this Act; which said Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall and are hereby required to meet at the Cross in Clarendon the first Thursday in November next, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and five, and there to choose and appoint one lawful and sworn Surveyor for the Parish of St. Elizabeth, and another for the Parish of Clarendon, who shall immediately proceed to the running out of such a Path as by this Act is appointed to be made a Highway, with the most Conveniency to the Publick, and the least Prejudice or Damage to any particular Person, from the Cross, as aforesaid, to Burnt Savanna, and through St. Jago Savanna by the said John Sutton's Pen, as aforesaid, to Porus Savafina in Clarendon Parish, to Forfer's Plantation in St. Elizabeth's aforesaid; and shall run out, fix, andascertain the Bounds of the said two Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Claren-don, according as the fame is appointed by a former Act of this Country for the Division of the said two Parishes; and the fame so ascertained shall mark out with Stakes or other notable Marks exactly in the Line, to the End a Post of good and durable Timber may be fixed, and for ever kept and maintained therein, when the said Highway comes to be cleared; on which said Post, so to be fixed, shall be cut or carved in- good legible Characters, on the Westerly Side thereof, St. Elizabeth; and on the Easterly Side thereof, Clarendon; and the same shall be always known, reputed, and taken as the Boundary of the said two Parishes, and to which these said two Parishes respectively are hereby obliged to clear, and for ever maintain : And in case any Surveyor or Surveyors, so to be chosen respectively

ACT50.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. 85

tively, shall neglect or refuse immediately to proceed to the running out the in- 1705. tended Path and Line, as aforesaid, that then, and in such Case, they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IV. And it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three Commission-of them, to appoint Two such other lawful sworn Surveyors, as they shall think aPP0I'nt fit, who are hereby impowered to act and do in the Premisses as by this Act is surveyors, required and intended, instead of the other Surveyors intended to be chosen reflectively by the Commissioners for the said two respective Parishes of Clarendoti

and St. Elizabeth aforesaid, under the like Penalty of Fifty Pounds j and the said Surveyors so to be chosen and appointed, shall, as soon as they have run out the said Path and Line, make Return of their Doings therein to the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, who shall cause the same to be recorded by the Clerk of the Peace of each of the said Precincts of Clarendon and St. Elizabeth; and that the said Surveyors shall be paid by the Church-wardens of each Parish, for the Work by them done on account of each Parish, as shall be adjudged by the Commissioners aforesaid, or the Majority of them, to be paid out of the Parish Stock respectively.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Copies of the Commissioners having received the Return of the Surveyors, as aforesaid, shall fu7n^obe Pent cause Two Copies of the same to be fairly drawn out, one whereof they shall to the Way-forthwith send to the Waywardens of the Parish of Clarendon, and the other wardens of the to the Way-wardens of St. Elizabeth's, with their strict Orders to each and every ^1° dn es* of them in Writing, that they respectively, as before in this Act is appointed, immediately proceed to the cutting down and clearing the said Highway, so as

the fame may be compleated and finished within Eighteen Months after the passing the said Act: And for the better doing and effecting thereof, the said Way-wardens of the said several Parishes, and every of them respectively, are hereby Siuthorised to issue out their Warrants to the Constables and Tythingmen, to .warn the Inhabitants of the said Parishes to furnish such Numbers of able Negroes or Slaves, together with such a Number of white Men-drivers to oversee them, as shall be appointed by the Justices and Vestry of each respective Parish, together with such Tools, Provisions and other Necessaries, as shall be thought by them necessary for carrying on the said Work, and finishing the fame within the Time hereby limited and appointed, as aforesaid : And whosoever shall fail to fend in his or her Proportion of Workers, with such Tools as shall be convenient, shall for every Head pay Three Shillings per Day upon Conviction thereof to be recovered before any Justices of the Peace by the Surveyors respectively; any thing in this, or any other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And if the said Way-wardens, or any of them, shall refuse to do, or neglect his or their Duty in cutting or clearing the said Highway to the Extent of their respective Bounds, as hereby is appointed, he or they so offending shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, current Money of this Island : And in Way-war-case the said intended Highway shall be neglected, and not maintained in good dens'i?'r; Repair by succeeding Way-wardens, he or they that shall so offend therein, shall tnheeS;r Duty, respectively lie under the Pains and Penalties provided in an Act of this Island, forfeit 50l. entituled, An Act for the Highways: And if any Commissioner, Justice, or Surveyor, by this Act appointed, shall neglect his or their Duty, touching the Pre-misses, or any Part thereof, he or they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And if any Vestryman, Constable, or Tythingman shall neglect his or their Duty, they shall respectively forfeit Twenty Pounds; all which said Forfeitures shall be one Half to the Informer, or to him or them that shall sue for the fame; the other Half to the Church-wardens of each of the respective Parishes, to the Use of the said Highways: And all other Forfeitures, not exceeding Forty Shillings, shall be recovered by the Church-wardens of the said Parishes respectively, by Action of Debt before any Justice of the Peace and if above Forty Shillings, in any Court of Record of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Y An

86

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 51,52.

1705. An Act for establishing Courts at Kingston, and exetnpting Packet- Boats from the Duty of Gunpowder.

Act 51. TTTHERE AS many Gentlemen, Merchants, and others, have lately settled, and do now reside and trade at Kingston -, and whereas the settling of Quarter-sessions and Courts of Common-Pleas may conduce very much to the Use and Advantage of the Inhabitants, and to the Encouragement of Trade there; be it therefore enacted and ordained by her Majesty's Governor, the Council and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Autho-A Court of rity of the fame. That for the Ease of the Merchants and Trading People of the Common- said Town of Kingston, there be erected, established, and held in the said Town Kingston!'* a Quarter-sessions for the Conservation of the Peace, and a Court of Common-Pleas, with the fame Power and Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, that is or hath been held or exercised at Port Royal; which said Court shall be held the first time the first: Wednesday in September, in this present Year One thousand seven hundred and five, and afterwards every two Months; and the Sessionsevery three Months, the first Sessions on the first Tuesday in August, and so every Three Months.

II. And whereas a certain enabling Clause for the preventing of the Use of Shingles brought from the Northward, which said Clause is contained in an Act, entituled, An Act to prohibit the keeping of any Quantity of Gunpowder on Port Royal; and for the better Security of the said Town: And to enable Freeholders to choose Church-wardens, Vestrymen, and other Parochial Officers, although the Time for choosing thereof be elapsed already, hath been found inconvenient to the Inha-

Clause in a bitants of Port Royal aforesaid; be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-former Act said, That the said Clause, and all and every the Matters and Things therein con-repealed. tained, shall be and are hereby repealed, annulled, and made void, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas her Majesty hath been graciously pleased to appoint Packet-Boats to fail frequently from her Majesty's Kingdom of England to her Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in the West Tidies, whereby a constant Correspondence is held, to the great Advantage of this Island : And whereas such Packet-Boats, as well as all other Vessels are obliged to pay a Duty of Gunpowder to the Re-

Packet-Boats ceiver-General, which is a heavy imposition on such Packet-Boats; be it there-from^he Du fore ena<^ec^ by ^ie Authority aforesaid, That the Packet-Boats at present here, ty of Gun- and all such other Packet-Boats as shall hereafter arrive, shall be and are hereby powder. exempted from the Payment of all such Duty of Gunpowder; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

1706-7.

C. 11 — y — i J

An Act for the Encouragement of good and able Ministers to come

to this If and.

Act 52. WHEREAS there is an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Maintenance of Minifers and the Poor, and ere Bing and repairing of Churches, in which there is not a sufficient Provision made to encourage learned and pious Men to come and to reside in the several Parishes of this Island; For the better Encouragement therefore of good and orthodox Divines, duly qualified as the Law directs, that now reside in, or hereafter shall come to this Island, for the Promotion of Piety, Religion, and Virtue; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and The Sum of ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Ministers of each respective Money to be Parish hereafter mentioned shall receive of the Church-warden or Church-wardens Parffh'toYhar of each respective Parish such Sums of Money as is hereafter directed, every Six Minuter. Months, by equal Portions; to be raised and collected as in and by the said Act,

en-

Act 52. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

87

entituled, An Act for the Maintenance of Minifers and the Poor, and erecting and 1706-7. repairing of Churches, is directed, viz.

II. To the Minister of the Parish of St. Catharine Hi all be allowed, raised, S: Catharine's collected, and paid, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, ffjTer/in' current Money of this Island : Provided nevertheless, if the Justice and Vestry

[Proviso.]

shall think fit, for the Encouragement of an able Divine, it shall and may be lawful for them to add One hundred Pounds more to his Salary, so that the whole Sum exceeds not Two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum.

III. And to the Ministers of the Parishes of St. ‘Thomas in the Vale, St. Doro- St- Dorothy $, thy, Kingston, Vere, and Clarendon, shall be allowed each One hundred and fifty uc‘ 150l' Poundsyjer Annum: Provided nevertheless, if the Justices and Vestry shall think Proufo.

fit, it shall and may be lawful for them to add Fifty Pounds more to each of their Salaries, so that the whole exceed not Two hundred Pounds per Annum.

IV. And to the Ministers of the Parishes of St. Andrew, St. John, St. Thomas St Andrew's, to Windward, St. David, St . George, St. Mary, St. Anne, St. fames, St. Eliza- Si"' Ioo/‘- . beth, and Westmoreland, shall be allowed each One hundred Pounds per Annum:

[Proviso.]

Provided nevertheless, if the Justices and Vestry shall think fit, it shall and may

be lawful for them to add Fifty Pounds per Annum more to each of their Salaries, so that the whole exceed not One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum.

V. And whereas the Inhabitants of several Parishes of this Island, by certain Instruments in Writing under their Hands and Seals, did oblige themselves to pay to the Ministers of their Parish certain Sums of Money, as an Addition to their Salary, more than in and by the said Act, entituled, An Act for the Maintenance of Ministers and the Poor, and erecting and repairing of Churches, is allowed and directed: Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Persons who have obliged themselves to the Payment of Agreermems

o s formerly

any Sums of Money to the Minister of any Parish for officiating as Minister, made which otherwise than is agreeable to this Act, are hereby freed and acquitted from any are not agree-such Obligation; and that no other Salary shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, be aAb^ t^etc^srcd raised, assessed, collected, and paid by any Parish in this Island by the Justices void, and Vestrymen, or the Justices where no Vestry is, upon the Inhabitants of the fame, than what is in and by this Act before prescribed and allowed 5 any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Minister shall for the future happen to be presented to any Parish within this such Mini-Island, after the Assessments for that Year shall be laid, that it shall and may be fters. who are lawful for the Justices and Vestry of such Parish, and the Justices and Vestry o^erfhe'^ffeff-such Parish are hereby required and enjoined, within Twenty Days after due No- ments are laid, tice of such Presentation, to meet at the Parish Church, and lay such further Assessment for the Payment of such Salary as this Act requires.

VII. And whereas the Parish of Port Royal has suffered very much by the dreadful Earthquake; and since by Fire being reduced to a far lower Estate than when the said beforementioned Act was made, that the Inhabitants are not capable to raise the Salary as in the said Act is directedj be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry shall lay a Tax of One Pfrifl) ?ort hundred Pounds per Annum (provided, that the Justices and Vestry have Power Taax of to raise the Sum of Fifty Pounds more if they think fit) for the Maintenance of \oo/.perAn-their Minister who shall officiate there : And it shall and may be lawful for the^"/^11^ said Justices and Vestry, and they are hereby required to raise a further Sum of of their Mi-One hundred Pounds per Annum, to be paid by the Church-wardens of the nifter, fcfc. fame, in equal Proportions, to Philip Bennet, as Rector of the said Parish, during his Life and Residence in this Island, notwithstanding his Disability, by Age and Sickness, to officiate there.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person No M!n!{ler whatsoever, though duly qualified, and obtaining the ordinary Presentation for Mon™of any Parish within this Island, shall ask, demand, or take any Sum or Sums of any Parish, Money for any further or longer Time than he shall actuallyofficiate as Minister ^h/ehe^offi-of the said Parish (Sickness only excepted) j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the ciatcs there, contrary notwithstanding.

An

88

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act53,54.

An Act for the further and better f curing Port-Royal.

Act 53' WHEREAS the Quays and Shoals at Port Royal are, by Experience, found to be a very great Safeguard to the Town and Fortifications there erected, which Quays and Shoals are daily lessened, by several Persons carrying away the Stones and Sand from thence, the Continuance of which may in the End prove very fatal and destructive to the Place : Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Bland of Jamaica, No Stones, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Stones, Shells, {sv. to be dug Gravel, or Sand shall be taken up and carried away by any Person or Persons TotlO*)*- whatsoever, their Slaves or Servants, from any Quays or Shoals from between °ya One Bush Quay to the Eastermost Quay so called, or within the Space cr Compass of Three Miles without or within the said Quays or either of them, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Boat or Canoe in which such Stones, Shells, Gravel, or Sand shall be so carried off; to be recovered against the Party or Parties so offending contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, their Matters or Employers, by Warrant, upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace of the Precincts; which Boat or Canoe so forfeited, shall be adjudged to belong to the Party or Parties that shall inform or prosecute for the fame within Twenty Days after the Fact committed; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con-

ftrued to extend to hinder any Person from taking up Stones to the Wettward or North-west ward of the Leewardmost Channel j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas the preserving the Harbour of Port Royal is of the greatest Consequence to the Trade of this Bland; be it further enacted by the Authority NorShip.dfr. aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after the patting be suffered to this Act, either voluntarily or through Neglect, cause or suffer any Ship or Vef-be sunk there. tQ or be sunk in any other Part or Place within the said Harbour, except between the Round Tower and the Palisadoes, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds of current Money of this Bland: One Moiety, or Half-part, shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to him, her, or them that shall sue for the fame in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance granted, or Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be entered; any Law, Statute, or Use to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act appointing Way-wardens^ regulating Wharfage, and buoying out the Channel between Port Royal and Kingston.

Act 54.

Justices,

of Kingston may choose two Way-wardens for cleansing their Streets, £sV.

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Kingston are not qualified to elect Surveyors of the Highways, according to an Act, entituled, An Act for the Highnvays, made in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second; whereby the said Town cannot be kept so clean and healthful as it ought to be: Be it therefore enacted and ordained by her Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices and Freeholders of Kingston aforesaid, who are hereby required and obliged, every Year when they shall first meet to lay their Parish-tax, to elect and choose Two or more Inhabitants of Kingston aforesaid to be Way-wardens in the said Town, although not qualified according to the Directions of the said Act; who are hereby ordered and empowered to summon and warn the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish to fend Negroes and

other

Act 54.

89

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

other fit Persons with Pick-axes, Spades, and other Things necessary, at such 1709. Time and Times as they shall think convenient, for the cleansing, repairing, and amending of the Roads, Streets, Lanes, Alievs, and publick Places of the said Town, and for the carrying away of the Dirt, Filth, and other Annoyances therein, to such Place or Places as to the said Way-wardens shall seem meet and convenient, for the Health of the Inhabitants, and keeping clean the said Place; any Law, Custom, or Ul'age to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And if any Way-warden neglects his Duty, touching the Premisses, or any penalty on Part thereof, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence : And Way-war-every Freeholder, Parishioner, or Inhabitant, that being duly warned, shall neglect negieaing' his or their Duty in fending such Negroes and others, according as they shall be their Dufy, appointed by the said Way-wardens, shall forfeit Forty Shillings for each Offence 3 to be recovered in such Manner as other small Debts not exceeding Forty Shillings are recoverable within this Bland.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons Owner of keeping publick Wharfs or Bridges at Kingston aforesaid, shall be obliged to keep Wharfs toen* a Book wherein he, she, or they shall fairly enter the Marks and Numbers of landed thTre, all such Goods as shall be landed on his, her, or their Wharf or Wharfs, Bridge fcfe. inaBook, or Bridges; and also the Name or Names of the Vessel or Vessels out of which the said Goods shall be taken; and also to take a Receipt of the Person or Persons to whom the said Goods shall be delivered.

IV. And if any Owner or Owners of the said Wharf or Wharfs, Bridge or and if they re-Bridges have or shall receive Payment for any Goods landed on their said Wharf ^GoodTfo or Wharfs, Bridge or Bridges, or any Vessel lying and delivering or loading landed, the thereat; the said Wharf or Wharfs, Bridge or Bridges, shall be deemed and wharf to be held to be as a publick Wharf or Bridge : And if any Wharfinger shall negletft com* to keep such a Book, and to make such Entries as aforesaid, such Wharfinger so neglecting his or their Duty therein, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and The Prices to may be lawful to and for any Owner or Owners of any Wharf or Wharfs, Bridge Good^landed or Bridges, as aforesaid, from and after the First Day of May, in this present there.

Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and nine, to demand and receive

of all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, landing any Goods on his, her, or their Wharf or Wharfs, Bridge or Bridges, the R.ates hereafter mentioned, and no other, on Penalty of Forty Shillings for each Offence, viz.

VI. For each Hogshead of Sugar, or other Goods of the Product of this Island, the Sum of One Shilling and Six-Pence, for Landing, Wharfage, Covering,

Weighing, and Shipping off.

VII. And for Indico, Cotton, Piemento, and Ginger, in Bag or small Cask,

Three Halfpence per Hundred, for Landing, Wharfage, and Weighing; and the like Sum of Three Halfpence per Hundred for Shipping off again.

VIII. And for Wharfage and Weighing off each Ton of Logwood, and all other Woods for the Dyers Use, the Sum of Fifteen Pence; and the like Sum of Fifteen Pence for every Ton, for Weighing and Shipping off the same.

IX. And for each Ton of Ew'opean Goods landed, or Goods from North America, or the Western Islands, Two Shillings and Six-Pence per Ton, ‘Jamaica Tonnage; and the like Sum of Two Shillings and Six-Pence per Ton for Shipping off the fame again.

X. And for Cocoa, Sarsaparilla, and Jesuits Bark, the Sum of Three Half-Pence per Hundred.

XL. And for Salt, a Halfpenny per Bushel.

XII. And each Wharfinger is hereby obliged to keep a Crane, Sheds and wharfinger to Tarpaulins, for securing of Goods landed upon their Wharf or Wharfs, Bridge Prodvl^e ^heds or Bridges, from the Weather, on Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of Forty Shil- Goods from lings for every Default, and be further liable to an Action at Law for whatever the Weather. Damages shall be done to any Goods on their said Wharf or Wharfs, Bridge or Bridges, and also for whatever Goods shall be loft or stolen therefrom; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Z XIII. And

go

Act 54.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

bour

[Proviso.]

Penalty on throwing Squibs, {ffe. in the Town of King/}on.

1709.

XIII. And whereas the sinking of Wrecks is very pernicious to the Road of NTw^ckTco Kingston; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Wreck or be sunk, or Wrecks, from and after the First Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One Ballad thrown thousand seven hundred and nine, be sunk, or Ballast thrown into the said Road into the Har-tjje £aq.warcj of the West End of the Town of Kingston, nor to the West-ward of the East Part of the Town of Ki?igston, other than what is already sunk or thrown into the said Road, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence, and be further liable to remove the fame : Provided, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices in Sessions to give Leave to any Person or Persons to fink any Wreck or Wrecks in any Part of the said Road that may be by them thought most convenient, for the careening of Ships and Vessels, and not otherwise; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas the throwing of Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, or other Fire-works, may happen to be very prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and several Merchants and others intrusting their Goods and Effects there: For the Prevention of which, be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the First Day of May, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and nine, by themselves or white Servants, throw any Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, or any other Fire-works, in any Street, Lane, or Alley, within the Town of Kingston; every such Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every such Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or other Fire-work so thrown; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace of the said Parish, in such Manner as other small Debts are recoverable (not exceeding Forty Shillings) within this Island; one Half of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of the Informer, and the other to the Church-wardens for the Time being, to and for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, or whatever other charitable Use the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish shall think fit.

XV. And whatever Mulatto, Indian, or Negro, being Slaves, shall presume to throw or make Use of any Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or other Fire-work within the said Town, as aforesaid; it shall and may be lawful for any Constable of the said Parish immediately to seize and take up such Mulatto, Indian, or Negro so offending, and him or them to carry to the publick Whipping-place of the said Town, and there to order such Mulatto, Indian, or Negro to receive on his bare Back Thirty-nine Lashes, and no more; which every Constable is hereby required to see done and performed, under the Penalty of forfeiting Forty Shillings for every such Neglect; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace in such Manner as aforesaid; one Half of which Forfeiture shall be for and to the Use of the Informer, the other Half to the Church-wardens for the Time being, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Channel

XVI. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall may'bYbuoy-an(^ may be lawful to and for the Town and Parish of Kingston, from Time to ed or flaked Time, and as often as there shall be Occasion, to buoy or stake out the Chan-out- nel between Ki?igfton and Port Royal, at the Costs and Charges of the Parish of

Kingston aforesaid.

Penalty on

XVII. And be it also further enacted, That whatsoever Person or Persons, by Hng°up such him or themselves, or his or their Servant or Servants, shall willingly or maliciously BuoyorStake. cut away any such Buoy or Stake, or pull up the fame, every such Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Buoy or Stake pulled up or cut away as aforesaid, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; one Half of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Half to him or them that shall sue for the fame in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island.

Disposition of

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penal-Forfeitures. ties this ^dt, an(j not mentioned how to be disposed of, or how recovered, shall be one Half to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the

Support

Negroes Pu-nishment for throwing Squibs, &c.

Act 54) 55* The LAWS of JAMAICA.

9i

Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, 1709. and the other Half to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame; to be recovered in her Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for dividing the common or salt Savanna, in the Parish of

Vere.

WHEREAS our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, by his Act 55.

gracious Letters Patent under the Great Seal of this Island, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of January, which was in the Thirty-sixth Year of his Reign, for the Considerations therein mentioned, did give and grant unto 'Robert Varney, late of the Parish of Vere, Esq; and his Heirs for ever, a certain Parcel of Land, lying and being in the said Parish of Vere j containing by Estimation Two thousand and six hundred Acres, commonly called The common or salt Savanna (there being included in the Flat thereof Seven hundred Acres, formerly patented by Robert Smart of the said Parish; as likewise sixty Acres, formerly patented by Arthur Goodwin, of the said Parish; in all Three thousand three hundred and sixty Acres; bounding then North-easterly upon Capt. John Goddard, under the Brazileto Mountain; North-west on John Downer and Samuel Gale; Westerly, upon Col. William Wy, the King's Road, Arthur Turner, George Osborne, Edward Green, Edward Brumpfield, Robert Barrijfe, Richard Twar ton, and Capt.

Ch?~iJlopher Horner; South, on the said Horner and Richard Barrijfe; Easterly, on Mr. John Lory, Capt. Homier, j the Sea and Morass, Robert Wind all, Peter Kill-by, and John Loyd -, North-easterly, on Valentine Munby; and East, on Capt.

Henry Rymes, as by the Plat thereof to the said Patent annexed appears) to have and to hold the fame Premifies, with their and every of their Appurtenances, unto him the said Robert Varney, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, under such Rents,

Provisoes, Conditions, and Services, as are therein and thereby more particularly expressfed and set forth: And whereas the said Two thousand and six hundred Acres of Land were patented by the said Robert Varney in his Name, in Trust only for and at the special Instance and Request of several of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, to the Intent that the said Robert Varney should give and make a Title unto Thirty-three Acres and a Plalf, for one Seventy-seventh Part of the said Land, be it more or less, to each such Inhabitant; which was afterwards by him the said Robert Varney accordingly, and pursuant to the said Trust, given and performed : But in regard, no Division thereof in a legal Manner was then, or at any Time since hath been made among the said several Proprietors, whereby it hath remained and still doth remain as an undivided Interest; which hath occasioned not only several of the said Proprietors to inclose, fall, and manure greater Quantities of the said Land than their Shares or Proportions have amounted to, but several other Persons who have not any manner of Interest in, or the leaf! Colour of Pretence of Right unto the said Land or any Part thereof, to inclose, fall,-and manure several Parcels of the said Land, and to make great Sums of Money, and other Advantages thereby, contrary to all Law and Justice, and to the Prejudice of all the said Proprietors: And whereas a Division of the Land by a regular Course of Law, by reason of the great Number of Parties interested therein, and for several other Causes, is rendered almost, if not altogether impracticable; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this her Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority Commi-ffio of the fame, That the Hon. Henry Lew, Richard Aldeburgh, John Carver, Ed- ners to inspea ward Fearon, and James Rule, Esqrs. be, and are hereby appointed Commissi- the Tit,e.s of oners for to view and inspect the several and respective Titles of the Proprietors ^-e^°p^ors of the said Land, to cause a just and equal Division of the same to be made unto Lands, and the said Proprietors, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Commissioners being first sworn so to do by the Chancellor of this Island, divided^ Y or such Person or Persons as he shall by Dedimus appoint to administer the said mon2rt them;

Oath,

92 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 55.

1709. Oath, are hereby impowered to appoint and administer an Oath unto any Two

v — A--- such honest able Surveyors as they or the major Part of them shall approve, to

make a just and equal Division of the said Land, according to the Directions of this Act.

II. And forasmuch as the best and most valuable Part of the said Land lies together, and may be with the greatest Ease and Convenience distinguished, divided, and separated entirely and apart from that which is much more ordinary,

that each Pro-and of less Valuej the said Surveyors are hereby impowered and required to prietor may make such distinct Division, taking into each Division such a Quantity or Num-of The^good"6 her of Acres as the Commissioners in their Judgments shall direct: Which Divi-and bad Land, fion into Two Parcels being first made, the Surveyors shall proceed to divide again each of the said Two Parcels into Seventy-seven equal Parts, that each Proprietor may have his Proportion of the good and bad Land; which said Division being m ide, as aforesaid, and each Seventy-seventh Part of the said respective Parcels of Land having a particular Number assigned thereto, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall cause Seventy-seven Pieces of Paper, of equal Shape and Bigness to be numbered, from Number One to Seventy-seven, and put into or under some proper Covert} from whence the said Proprietors shall draw the said Pieces of numbered Papers, which shall determine each Share of Land of the fame Number to such Proprietor that shall happen to draw the fame } and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall make Assignment of each such Share according to the respective Lots or Numbers so drawn.

III. And forasmuch as the Number of Proprietors whose Title shall appear to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, may be different from that of the said Vendees of the aforesaid Patentee } and for the avoiding any Confusion that may happen thereby, it is hereby enabled and or-

When more dained by the Authority aforesaid, That in case, and whenever more Claimers CneIfliaHta.an one appear to have Right and Title to but one full Share, or Seventy pear to^ave seventh Part, containing Thirty three Acres and a Half, be the fame more or Right to but less} that then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners shall direct and ap-

/ 11 C L j t t

of CLand one P°^nt one of the said Proprietors to draw a Lot for one full SI rare } which said of the said Lot so being drawn, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall draw^Lots° cau^e t^ie full Share to be divided by the said S urveyors into such and so ma-for it. ny distinct Parts as the said several Proprietors of the said full Lot shall appear to have a Right and Title to.

Commissio- JV. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said ance; °W* Commissioners shall have and receive for each Day they shall be employed in Execution of thisAbl, Twenty Shillings each Commissioner per Diem} to be paid them by the several Persons that shall claim or have Lots assigned them at that particular Time and Place of Meeting, when and where the said Lots shall be assigned : Which said Commissioners are hereby impowered to order and appoint such proportionable Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think most reasonable for defraying all such further Charges as shall arise from or be incident to the said Division, Meeting, and Assignment: And in like Manner, whensoever one or more Claimers, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall require or occasion a Meeting of the said Commissioners, or the Majority of them, in order to inspect, view, hear, or determine,such their Claim or Claims; that then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and order as well the said Twenty Shillings for each of themselves as such other the Claimer or Claimers, Proprietor or Proprietors proportionable Part of the Charges of the said Division and Assignment, as aforesaid: And in case any such Claimer or Proprietor shall refuse to pay such their proportionable Part of such Charges so allotted them by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them } that then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby impowered to issue out their Warrant to any Constable to distrain upon the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing to pay, as aforesaid, and the same to fell by publick Outcry, first giving Notice of such Sale at some publick Place of the Precinct where such Distraint shall be made, returning the Overplus (if any such shall be) to the Owner, deducting

T wclve

Act55* 1 he LAWS of JAMAICA.

93

Twelve Pence in the Pound to the Constable, for such his Distress and Sale, as 1709,. aforesaid.

V. And the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby fur- uP°(n ther impowered and enabled, upon due and fathfadlory Proof to them made of the Right, Title, and Property of any Claimer or Claimers, in and to such their aifi<»n to each proportionable Part of the said Land, ,<nd his, her, or their Lot or Lots being duly drawn, to assign to each such Claimer such his proportionable Part or Parts Land accord-of the said Land, as by his, her, or their Lot or Lots shall befal unto him or them, £>g to Iris Lot, mentioning the several Buttings and Boundings of the said proportionable Part or Parts so affirmed; which said Alignment is hereby declared to invert the Fee-simple o' the Laid proportionable Part or Parts so assigned in him, her, or them, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And forasmuch as several Persons that may appear to have a Right to and Interest in some Part or Share of the said Land, having Confidence of such their Right and Interest, have erected Buildings, made Indigo Works, Wells, and' other Improvements, on several Parts of the said Land; which laid Parts or Shares may probably by Lot happen, befal, and be assigned over unto some other Claimer and Proprietor; it is therefore hereby further enacted, That the said Commission-Commissioners, or the major Part of them, be impowered, and are hereby impow- vame ered to value and esteem such Buildings and Indigo Works, Wells, or other Irn- Work?, &c. provements, as they shall think them reasonably worth; and to award such Sum ™dthe or Sums of Money to be paid to him, her, or them that shall have erected such award'so Buildings, made such Indigo Works, Wells, or other Improvements, as afore- much arstht^jr said, by him, her, or them to whom the said Shares shall by Lot befal and be ^owners assigned, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, ffiail value and of them, esteem the said Buildings, Indigo Works, Wells, or other Improvements, to be reasonably worth : And upon Refusal of such 'ayment by the Party or Parties so awarded to pay the same, that then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners

are hereby impowered to issue out their Warrants of Distress for the said Sum or v

Sums of Money so awarded to be paid in lieu* and full Afifurance of such Buildings, Indigo Works, Wells, or other Improvements, as they are before impowered for the defraying the Charges incident to the Divisions and Assignment* as aforesaid.

VII. And to the Intent that the said Divisions and Assignments may be timely-executed and performed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; it

is therefore further enacted, That the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and appoint be hereby impowered and required to meet at such Place as they ffiail think con- fa^ouuhe'0 venient on the second Tuesday in June next ensuing, then and there to appoint said Land?, the said Surveyors; which said Surveyors so appointed, ffiail, upon due Notice given them by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, of the certain Time and Place, and when and where they shall attend the said Commissioners, in order to their being sworn, and laving out and dividing the said Land, according to the Directions and true Intent and Meaning of this Act, are hereby required to attend accordingly : And at all Times hereafter the said Surveyors ffiail attend the said Commissioners, at such Times and Places as they the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, ffiail appoint.

VIII. And the said Commissioners are hereby further impowered and required Publick No-to give Notice at some publick Place in the Parish of Vere, whenever they intend enVAheif* to meet in the Lid Parish, in order to insped and view the Tities of the several Meetings. Claimers, and make Alignments of the said Land, Five Days before the said several and respective Times of Meeting.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend froviso. to prejudice or destroy the Right, Title, or Interest; of the aforesaid Robert Smart,

his Heirs, or Assigns, in and to Seven hundred Acres of Land; and of the aforesaid Arthur Goodwin, his Heirs and Assigns, in and to Sixty'Acres of Land, included in the Plat of the aforesaid Two thousand six hundred Acres of Land, as is before specified.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the may plead aforesaid Commissioners, or any one of them, shall be filed or impleaded for any

A a thing of themselves.

94-

Act5 5.s6-

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1709* thing that he or they shall act or do, by virtue and in pursuance of, and in com--"V'--' pliance with this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any of them, to plead the General Blue, and give this Act in Evidence, which shall be allowed as good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in bar of such Suit or Action, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record in this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Surveyors"

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Surveyor, negleaing or Surveyors, Constable or Constables, shall neglect his or their Duty, as in this their Duty. Act is required, they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds;

to be recovered in her Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature in this Eland; one Half of which Forfeitures shall be to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non mult niterius prosequi be entered j any Law7, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Act 56. WHEREAS notwithstanding the Act for regulating Fees, several Officers of this Eland have introduced several new Fees, and taken greater and other Fees than such as were allowed by the said Act; to the great Oppression of the Inhabitants of this Eland : For the Prevention whereof for the future, be No Officer to it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Eland Fee^than'^ of yamaicat and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, what are here-That the Fees of the several Offices and Officers in this Eland shall be as fol-by allowed. J0WS, m.

Secretary's II. To the Secretary, for recording a common Patent for one or more Parcels Fees. of Land, five Shillings.

III. For an Escheat Patent, seven Shillings and six Pence.

IV. Each Plat, one Shilling and three Pence.

V. Recording a Deed, the Length of a common Patent, for Land, five Shillings.

VI. And if longer, eight Pence per Sheet, containing twenty Lines, and eight Words to each Line.

VII. Recording Wills, Inventories, Presentations, Priests Testimonials, Naturalizations, and Letters of Attorney at the fame Rate.

VIII. For all Copies, the same as recording.

IX. For each Bond for Aliens Ships, ten Shillings.

X. Taking Bonds on Ships Entries, five Shillings.

XI. Certificate to the Naval-Officer thereof, one Shilling three Pence;

XII. If a Register to be sworn to, one Shilling three Pence.

XIII. Each Wine Licence, sixteen Shillings three Pence.

XIV. And Bond to it, one Shilling three Pence.

XV. Marriage Licences, and Bonds to them, seventeen Shillings six Pence;

XVI. Each Protest, under Hand and Seal, ten Shillings.

XVII. Besides travelling Charges, at one Shilling and three Pence per Mile.

XVIII. For obtaining the Governor's Attestation, if required thereto, five Shillings.

XIX. Certifying Bills of Lading, and Attestations thereto, six Shillings three Pence.

XX. Recording Slaves Freedoms, one Shilling three Pence.

XXI. Searching and acknowledging Satisfaction, each one Shilling three Pence.

XXII. Dockets, one Shilling three Pence.

XXIII. For each Let-pass, five Shillings.

XXIV. Tickets to go off this Eland, two Shillings six Pence.

XXV. Tickets to go off this Eland without Bonds, five Shillings.

XXVI. Per-

Act 56. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 95

XXVI. Permits for Ships bound away, one Shilling three Pence. 1711;

XXVII. Permits for Island Vessels, which are to be delivered at Kingston or v —

Port Royal on Demand, seven Pence Halfpenny.

XXVIII. Putting up Names and Underwritings at each Place, seven Pence Halfpenny.

XXIX. Taking and recording Renunciations, ten Shillings.

XXX. Citations, each Name, two Shillings six Pence.

XXXI. Guard.ianships and Bonds, eighteen Shillings nine Pence.

XXXII. Caveats, seven Pence Halfpenny.

XXXIII. Probats of Wills, ten Shillings.

XXXIV. Dedimus, and recording, ten Shillings;

XXXV. Letters of Ad mini fixation, and Warrants of Appraisement, with Bond9, each seven Shillings six Pence.

XXXVI. And whereas it is necessary, for the Ease and Security of all her Majesty's Subjects, that all Deeds, and other Writings brought into the said Office, should be recorded in a prefixed Time; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary, his Deputy or Deputies, Clerk or Clerks, should Secretary to immediately, upon bringing of any Deeds, or other Writings into the said Office, pYnce^alf-sign and give a Receipt under his Hand to the Person or Persons bringing such penny, as a Deeds or Writings, and demanding the fame, for which he shall and may demand ^vffigYnd seven Pence Halfpenny, and no more; and paying for recording the fame; shall be recording obliged to give a Receipt for the Money so paid, and thereupon shall immediately every Deed underwrite or indorse upon such Deeds or Writings the Day of their being en-

tered in the Office, or coming to his Hands, as aforesaid : And that every such Deed, or other Writing, shall be recorded fairly at Length within fifty Days after the same shall be brought into his Office, or delivered into the Hands of the Secretary, or his Deputy, as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Neglect or Default, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and that every such Deeds, or other Writings, so entered as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be enrolled from the Time of the Entry or Delivery thereof into the Secretary's Office, as aforesaid j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And whereas it has happened that forhe of the Laws of this Island have been obliterated, and fometunes loft, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Acts of this Island now in Force, and all others here- All Acts of after to be made and passed, shall be entered and recorded in the Secretary's cLhls Iflan.d 1°

x J j np recorded

Office of this Island, in a fair Book to be kept for that Purpose only, under the ;n the Secre-Penalty of One hundred Pounds; and such Entry, or true Copy thereof, sworn gry's office, to by the Secretary before any Judge of the Supreme or Grand Court, shall be r* deemed and taken to be as valid as the original Act, and pleadable in all or any of her Majesty's Courts of Record in this Island : And that the present Secretary, or any other Secretary or Secretaries for the Time being, shall have and receive Twenty-five Shillings for each Act to be recorded, as aforesaid, which hath been already passed; and for each Act hereafter to be passed, Twenty Shillings; to be paid out of the publick Treasury of this Island : And for all Copies, the same as recording Deeds and Patents •, to be paid for by the Person demanding such Copies.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the pees of the

Fees of the Supreme Court shall be, viz. Supreme

XXXIX. To the Judges for signing every Process, one Shilling three Pence. Court'

XL. To the Clerk for a Writ of Summons, Arrest, Replevin, or Foreign Attachment, one Shilling three Pence.

XLI. For filing a Declaration, and Copy of it annexed to the Writ, two Shillings six Pence.

XLII. For a Bond for Foreign Attachment, Arrests, and Replevins, and upon no other Writ whatsoever, two Shillings six Pence.

XLIII. For a Replication, or Rejoinder, two Shillings six Pence.

XLIV. For a Common Plea, seven Pence Halfpenny.

XLV. For a Special Plea, two Shillings six Pence.

XLVI, For recording a Judgment, two Shillings six Pence.

XLVII. For

96

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 56.

711.

XLVII. For a Ve?iire Facias, seven Pence Halfpenny.

XLVIII. For a Habeas Corpus, by Order of Court, two Shillings six Pence. XLIX. To the Clerk, for receiving every Verdict and Continuance, each, seven Pence Halfpenny.

L. Fora Retraxit, or Nonsuit recorded, each, one Shilling three Pence.

LI. For a Writ of Possession, Seisin, Restitution, each, five Shillings seven Pence Halfpenny

LII. For Executions and Venditions, two Shillings six Pence.

LIII. For a Subpoena, in which the Names of three Witnesses may be inserted, one Shilling three Pence.

LIV. For a Recognizance, or Deposition taken in Court, one Shilling three Pence. LV. For entering Satisfaction upon Record, or buperfedeas, two Shillings six Pence.

LVI. For taxing Costs, one Shilling three Pence.

LVII. For a Commission of Reference to Auditors, five Shillings.

LVIII. For a Writ of Enquiry, Scire Facias, and returning the Record upon Writ of Error, two Shillings six Pence.

LIX. For Warrant of Attorney in each Cause, as has been usual, seven Pence Halfpenny.

LX. For entering the Report of Auditors, and for the Exemplification of a Record, each, five Shillings.

LXI. For every Judgment confefied out of Court to the Clerk, two Shillings six Pence.

LXII. For every other Writ issuing out of the said Court, one Half to the Judge, the other Half to the Clerk, five Shillings.

LXIII. To the Cryer of the Grand Court for every Witness sworn, seven Pence Halfpenny.

LXIV. And for calling out the Defendant, where the Action goes by Default, one Shilling three Pence.

LXV. And it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That On the Death in case of the Death, or Disability to ad, of any Chief Judge of this Island for lud fh the future> shall and may be lawful for the next Assistant Judge to sign all next Assistant Writs, and in every thing else to ad and do for the Expediting and Dispatch of Judge may Justice, in as full and ample Manner as the Chief Judge himself might or could Room. m have done, until a new Judge shall be appointed, or the Disability removed.

LXVI. And whereas the like Inconveniencies may happen by the Death of any Provost-marshal of this Island, between the Test and Return of Writs, so as all such Process may be entirely loft, to the great Delay and Expence of the Subject in reviving such Process; be it therefore further enacted by the Autho-Process to be rity aforesaid, That in case of the Death or Removal of any Provost-marshal for whhibndin ^uture> as he may be rendered incapable to make Return of Writs, the fuc-the Death of ceeding Provost-marshal is hereby authorized and impowered to make Return of a Provost- the fame; ancj in every thing else to ad and do as fully and effectually as the preceding Provost-marshal could have done, first having given Security to the preceding Provost-marshal, or his Security, to indemnify them, and taking the fame himself of the respective Marshals, and in all other Respects qualified himself, as by the Law of this Island is required j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Clerk of the Supreme Court, or any other Person who shall officiate the not to deliver said Office, shall deliver out to any Lawyer, Attorney, Solicitor, or any other °ut any Wnt, person or Persons, any Writ whatsoever, until a Declaration be filed in the Clerk's

until £l Dcclti*

ration is filed Office for the fame, except Warrants of Arrests dead Subpoenas, under the Penalty for the fame. of Five Pounds for every Writ so given out.

Provost-irar-

LXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-marshal's Fees be,

LXIX. For every Commitment and Releasement, either in Common Law or Chancery, each, two Shillings six Pence.

LXX. For Diet and Lodging, as the Prisoner can agree, or to find himself} or if the Prison Allowance, per Day, seven Pence Halfpenny.

marshal.

Clerk of the

Supreme Court, &c.

shal's Feet.

Act 56. The LAWS of JAMAICA.__________97

LXXf. For executing any Writs in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, two 1711. Shillings lix Pence. u — y — J

LXXII. For an Arrest on board of Ship, besides Boat-hire, five Shillings.

LXXIlf. And in any other Place, besides Mile-money, five Shilings.

LXXIV. For executing a Writ of Possession, Seisin, Writ of Ffcheat, CeJJ'a-vit, or Asignment of Dower or Partition, ten Shillings and Mile-money after the Rate of lix Pence per Mile, to the Place where the Writ is executed.

LXXV. For summoninga Jury to execute a Writ of Possession, Escheat, Ceffavit, or Alignment of Dower or Partition, within the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, Kingston, or Port Royal, or within five Miles of any of the said Towns, three Pounds.

LXXVI. If above five Miles, five Pounds.

LXXVII. For the Return of a Habeas Corpus cum causa, if in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, two Shillings six Pence.

LXXVill. For his Attendance on the Prisoner to any other Place, per Day, four Shillings four Pence Halfpenny.

LXXIX. For summoning a Special Jury, six Shillings three Pence.

LXXX. For the Return of a Venire Facias, one Shilling three Pence.

LXXXI. For every Bond, with Sureties for Appearance, to be paid by the Defendant, seven Pence Halfpenny.

LXXXII. For Allowance of a Supersedeas, one Shilling three Pence.

LXXXIII. For a Copy of a Warrant, seven Pence Halfpenny.

LXXXIV. For executing all Writs of Enquiry, Writs of Partition, Pro-prietateprobanda. Forcible Entry, and Writs of Possession, each, ten Shillings; and Mile-money, at and after the Rate of six Pence per Mile.

LXXXV. For serving every Summons at Common Law, or Foreign Attachment, besides Mile-money, two Shillings six Pence.

LXXXVI. For his Fees upon each Verdict, two Shillings six Pence.

LXXXVII. ForfervingallSummons, andother Writs at Common Law, and allother Writs issuing out of the Court of Chancery to him directed, two Shillings six Pence each Writ, besides Mile-money, at three Pence per Mile, except all Writs of Election, for which shall be paid such Fee or Feesas the Governor, and Council for the Time being shall think fit to order and appoint.

LXXXVIII. For every Search in the Provost-marshaFs Books, one Shilling three Pence.

LXXXIX. For each Licence to fell Drink, sixteen Shillings three Pence.

XC.For levying aDebt by Execution for the first: hundred Pounds and under at the Rate of twelve Pence per Pound; and for all Sums over and above one hundred Pounds, six Pence in the Pound, and no more; and that he take no more Fees than for the Money that is really due to the Plaintiff, without any Pretence of Mile-money, or any other Charge whatsoever.

XCI. For an Assignment of a Bail-bond, two Shillings six Pence.

XCII. For disbursing his Money for taking up runaway Negroes which are brought to Prison, two Shillings six Pence in the Pound.

XCIII. For Diet for every Negro, per Day, six Pence.

XCIV. For executing every white Person, five Pounds.

XCV. For executing every Slave, one Pound; and Mile-money, after the Rate of six Pence per Mile to the Place where the Slave is sent to be executed; to be paid, together with the Prison Fees, by the Church-wardens of the Parish to which the Slave belongs.

XCV I, To the Bailiff ^hat. keeps the Jury, for every Action tried, one Shilling three Pence.

XCVII.'Forferving allProcefs issuing out of the Supreme Court (Subpoenas, Executions, and Venditionisonlyexcepted)*Mile, three Pence; whichMiles aforesaid shall be accounted from the Supreme Court to the several Places where the Writs shall be served, according to the common Computation.

XCVIII. And it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Suprerhe Court, the Marshal, nor any other Person what- clerk^of the soever, shall hereafter, for any Action where the Verdict of the Jury shall not Supreme

B b ‘ amount Court»&c*

1711

taking great-er Fees than ere allowed in the petty Courts, if the Verdiflisnot for above 20l.

Fees of the inferior Courts.

[Proviso.]

For Sums under 20U Judges of inferior Courts may issue foreign Attachments.

Marshal's

Fees.

amount to above twenty Pounds (excepting where Titles of Land are tried) take any other greater Fees than what are allowed in the petty Courts of this Island, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, current Money; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed : One Moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Heirs and Successors for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges hereof; the other Moiety to the Party aggrieved, or to him or them that shall sue for the same.

XCIX. That the Fees of the inferior Courts shall be:

C. To the Jury upon each Verdict, two Shillings six Pence.

CI. For a Summons, seven Pence Halfpenny.

CIL For confessing Judgment out of Court, one Shilling three Pence.

CIII. For copying and filing a Declaration, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CIV. To the Judge for signing any Process, one Shilling three Pence.

CV. For entering a Plea, Replication, or Rejoinder, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CVI. For a Capias, one Shilling three Pence.

CVII. For a Summons for a Jury, seven Pence Halfpenny.

CVIII, To the Clerk for recording the Verdict, and entering Judgment, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CIX. For a Retraxit, Discontinuance, or Nonsuit, and recording the fame, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CX. For an Execution and Venditioni, each, two Shillings six Pence.

CXI. For a Scire facias, two Shillings six Pence.

CXII. For an Exemplification for a Record, five Shillings.

CXIII. To the Cryer for every Verdict, one Shilling three Pence.

CXIV. For a Subpoena, one Shilling three Pence.

CXV. For certifying a Record upon a Writ of Error, five Shillings.

CXVI. For a Commission to, and Return of Auditors, each, five Shillings.

CXVII. For every l ond taken upon Warrant of Arrest or Replevin, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CXVIII. For filing a Warrant of Attorney, seven Pence Halfpenny.

CXIX. For a Continuance, each Court and Replevin, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CXX. For acknowledging Satisfaction upon Record, and taxing Costs, each* one Shilling three Pence.

CXXI. To the Cryer, for every Witness sworn, seven Pence Halfpenny.

CXXII. Provided always, and it is further hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the inferior Courts intermeddle with or determine any Actions whatsoever, where Titles of Land or Negroes are concerned; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ? hat the Judge or Judges of any of the inferior Courts of this Island, shall have like Power and Authority to issue out Foreign Attachments for any Sum of Money under Twenty Pounds, as the Chief Jugde of the Supreme Court now hath by an Act of this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fees of the Marshals of the inferior Courts be,

CXXV. For the Return of a Cepi Corpus, Nulla bona. Non ejl inventus, each, seven Pence Halfpenny.

CXXVI. For the Return of a Proclamation, one Shilling three Pence.

CXXVII. For the Return of a Habeas Corpus, two Shillings six Pence.

CXXVIII. For every Name returned upon an Exigent, seven Pence Halfpenny.

CXXIX. For the Return of a Record upon Writ of Error, two Shillings six Pence.

CXXX. For

99

Act 56.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

CXXX. For serving every Process, per Mile, three Pence.

CXXXt. For serving a Replevin, one Shilling three Pence.

CXXXII. For Release of a Felon, one Shilling three Pence.

CXXXIII. For every Commitment and Releasement, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CXXXIV. And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, Thatclerks of the the Clerks of the Crown and Peace for the several and respective Courts and Crown, Sec. Sessions within this Island, shall beobliged, andare hereby required to return to 'uri^cf al?* the Provost-marshal-general Estreats of all Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments Estreats of whatsoever, not taken off, which shall be imposed in any of the said Courts, Fines»&c* within one Month after each Court or Sessions, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Default, to the End the Provost-marshal for the Time being may deliver Copiesof thefatne to her Majesty's Attorney-general and Receiver-general for the Time being, in order to obtain Process for levying the fame, which he is required to do in One and twenty Days; and after the Receipt of any Monies by him so levied, to pay the same forthwith into the Hands of the Receiver-general for the Time being.

CXXXV. And incase the Provoll-marshal shallnegledt to pay into the hands provo<f-mar-of the Receiver-general for the Time being, any such Fines, Forfeitures or foal not pay-Amerciaments, within Twenty Days after the Receipt thereof, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds. general.

CXXXVI. That the Coroner's Fees be,

CXXXVII. For each Inquisition taken on the Body of any Person that came Coroner's by an untimely Death, to bepaidout of the Estate of the Person deceased; and Fees* where no Estate is found, then to be paid by the Church-wardens of the Parish where the Inquisition is taken, three Pounds.

CXXXVIII. To the Justice of the Peace, justice of

CXXXIX. For every Warrant, one Shilling three Pence. Peace's Fees.

CXL. To every Examination, Affidavit, Mittimus, and Release, each, one Shilling three Pence.

CXLI. For every Recognizance, two Shillings six Pence.

CXLII. To the Constable,

CXLIII. For every Warrant served, one Shilling three Pence.

CXLIV. That the Clerk of the Crown's Fees be,

CXLV. For every Indidhnent returned Billa vera, one Pound.

CXLVI. And for every Bill Ignoramust twelve Shillings six Pence.

CXLVII. That the Clerk of the Peace's Fees be,

CXLVIII. For an Order of Sessions for a Licence to fell Rum and Rum- Fe,ce *Fee,# punch, and Bond, seven Shillings six Pence.

CXLIX. For every Presentment returned Billa Vera> twelve Shillings six Pence.

CL. For every Bill returned Ignoramusy seven Shillings fix P&lce.

CLI. For the Trial of Negroes, ten Shillings.

CLII. And for every Day's Attendance after the first, five Shillings.

CLIII. For every Recognizance, two Shillings six Pence.

CLIV. For filing or entering the fame, or any other Recognizance, two Shillings six Pence.

CLV. That the Fees of the Great Seal be; of the

CLVI. For the Seal of every hundred Acres of Land patented, ten Shil- Great Seal, lings; and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

CLVII. For Foot-land, five Shillings, not exceeding fifty Foot square, adding two Sides of the Square together.

CLVIII. And ten Shillings for every hundred Feet, or any other Number above fifty Foot.

CLIX. For every Order granted for taking up of Land, two Shillings six Pence per Hundred; and no more; and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number of Acres.

CLX. For leafing a Writ of Execution of a Decree, Subpoena, or other Process, seven Pence Halfpenny.

CLXI. That

Con liable'* Fees.

Clerk of the Crown's fees.

Clerk of the

IOQ

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

A Ft 56.

1711

- y . «J

Chancei y Fees.

Governor's

Fees.

Clerk of the Chancet yand Patents Fees.

•il ">

Attorney-general's Fees

Receiver general's Fees

CLXI. That the Fees in Chancery be,

CLXII. For an Affidavit, or Oath to answer, taken before a Mailer in

in Chancery, one Shilling three Pence.

CLXIII. For all other Affidavits, one Shilling three Pence.

CLXIV. For taxing a Bill of Cods, five Shillings.

CLXV. To the Governor,

CLXVI. For every Oath taken before him, as Governor or Ordinary, one Shilling three Pence.

Cl,XVII That the Clerk of the Chancery and Patents Fees be,

CLXVIII. For regidering every Bill, Answer, or any other Proceedings, eight Pence per Sheet, accounting eight Words to a Line, and twenty Lines to a Sheet.

CLXIX. And where there are more Plaintiffs or Defendants than one in any Cause, that 110 more than one Copy of the Bill, Answer, or ar.y other Proceedings, shall be charged by the Register; or taxed in any Bill of Cods.

CLXX. For a Subpoena, in which the Names of three Witnesses may be inserted, two Shillings six Pence.

CLXXI. For an Attachment, two Shillings six Pence.

CLXXII. For a Writ of Injunction, Bond, and Attendance, five Shillings, CLXXIII. For a Commission, six Shillings ten Pence Halfpenny.

CLXXIV. Fora Decree, and Copy thereof, six Shillings three Pence, if not above fix Sheets; if above, eight Pence per Sheet, twenty Lines to a Sheet, and eight Words to a Line.

CLXXV. For a Dedbnus, five Shillings.

CLXXVI. For a JuJiicius, five Shillings.

CLXXVII. For Money lodgtdin Court, six Pence per Pound. CLXXVIII. For entering an Order of Court, one Shillling three Pence. CLXXIX. For a Copy of a Minute of one Cause in one Chancery-day, pne Shilling three Pence.

CLXXX. For an Oarh taken in Court, one Shilling three Pence. CLXXXI. For filing any Proceedings, one Shilling three Pence. CLXXXII. For entering an Appearance, one Shilling three Pence. CLXXXIII. For a Certificate of each Parcel of Land resigned to the Queen, five Shillings.

CLXXXIV. For every Escheat-patent and Bond, one Pound.

CLXXXV. And for all other Patents, ten Shillings.

CLXXXVI. And if anymore Parcels of Land than one in a Patent, fifteen Shillings, and no more.

CLXXXVIL For searching, one Shilling three Pence.

CLXXXVIII For a Docket, one Shilling three Pence.

CLXXXIX. For a Plat, two Shillings six Pence.

CXC. Fora Caveat, one Shilling three Pence.

CXCI. For a Commission of Rebellion, twelve Shillings six Pence. CXCII. For all other Writs issuing out of the Chancery, each, five Shillings, and no more.

CXCIXI. And be it hereby enacted, That all Chancery Process, except Attachments, may be served by any Person, as heretofore.

CXCIV. That the Attorney-general's Fees be,

CXCV. For each common Patent, where there is but one Parcel of Land, one Pound.

CXCVI. And if more Parcels of Land be contained in a Patent; then one Pound ten Shillings.

~i CXCVII. For an Escheat-patent, five Pounds, and no more.

CXCVIII. For each Fiat, ten Shillings.

CXCIX. For a Pardon, five Pounds.

CG.J And for all Prosecutions.at the Queen's Suit, and other Process relating thereto, as the Governor and Council for the Time being shall direct.

- CGI. That the P.eceiver-generaPs Fees be such as are appointed by the Quit-rent Act, as also for entering and clearing all Vessels that Qome from. Foreign Parts, five Shillings each. " CCII.

Act 56.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

101

CCII. For every Bond taken in his Office, two Shillings six Pence. 1711.

CCIII. For entering and clearing all Vessels that go trading to other Countries, one Shilling three Pence each.

CCIV. Provided always, That no Turtlers, nor other Vessels trading about this Island, pay any Fees.

CCV. That the Naval Officer's Fees be, Naval Offi,

CCVI. For entering all Ships from abroad to this Bland, from the North-ctr 5 Fees* ward of the Tropick of Cancer, two Shillings six Pence.

CCVII. For clearing each such Vessel, two Shillings six Pence.

CCVIII. For examining and recording Certificates, that Bonds are given according to the Act of Navigation in England, five Shillings.

CCIX. For every Bond taken here not to break the said Act, with Duplicate of the fame, five Shillings.

GCX. For examining all Cockets, Bills of Store, and Certificate of the Freedom of the Ships and Vessels trading to this Bland, two Shillings six Pence.

CCXI. For taking an Account of all Vessels trading to this Bland, two Shillings six Pence.

CCXII. For administering the Oath appointed by an Act of the Country to the Masters of Madeira Vessels that import Wines, One Shilling three Pence.

CCXIII. For entering and clearing all Vessels trading about this Bland (except turtling Sloops, which shall be and are hereby exempted from paying any thing) one Shilling three Pence.

CCXIV. For every Oath administered. One Shilling three Pence.

CCXV. For every Warrant of Survey, two Shillings six Pence.

CCXV1. For the Return, two Shillings six Pence, v CCXVII. For a Certificate, that the Goods of the Growth of Europe were shipped from hence to any of the Colonies in North America, and the Oath, eight Shillings nine Pence.

CCXVIII. For registring all Ships pursuant to an Act of Parliament, entituled;

An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation 'Trade, five Shillings.

CCXIX. That the Collector's Fees be, Fees

CCXX. For entering and clearing all Vessels trading beyond the Tropick of Cancer, and Certificate given of their Lading, five Shillings.

CCXXI. For entering and clearing all Vessels trading to Guinea, with Bonds and Certificates of paying ten per Cent, and administering the Oath, ten Shillings.

CCXXII. For entering all Invoices of Goods returned from Guinea, and administering the Oath, two Shillings six Pence.

CCXXIII. For signing the Register of all Vessels and recording the fame, five Shillings.

CCXXIV. For signing a Certificate, five Shillings.

CCXXV. For registering the Company of every three Mast Vessel, five Shillings.

CCXXV1. And for registering every other Vessel or Sloop's Company (except Turtling Sloops and Vessels trading round this Bland, which shall not pay any thing for such Register or altering the fame) two Shillings six Pence.

CCXXVII. That the Fees of the Admiralty be. Admiralty

CCXXVIII. To the Judge or Judges, and other Officers of the Court, on the Fees' Condemnation or Acquittal of every Vessel seized for Breach of any of the Acts of Navigation or Trade, for every Vessel under one hundred Tons, ten Pounds.'.

CCXXIX. And for every Vessel of one hundred Tons or upwards, fifteen Pounds; to be distributed amongst the Judges, or other Officers, in such Manner as is allowed by an Act of Parliament, entituled, An Act for the Encou-ragment of the Trade to America.'

CCXXX. To the Register, for a Copy of a Condemnation, one Pound.

CCXXXI. For a Warrant of Appraisement under the Seal of the Admiralty, ten Shillings.

CCXXXII. That the Clerk of the Market's Fees be, SaJket

CCXXXIII. For every Beef and Veal killed, one Shilling three Pence. Fees.

CCXXXIV. For every Mutton, Lamb, Goat, Turtle, Hog, or Kid, each, seven Pence Halfpenny.

Cc

CCXXXV.

102

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 56.

Clerk of the Market to qualify himself. Vide

1711. CCXXXV. Where any Disputes shall arise about Weights between the Buyer and Seller, and Complaint be made to the Clerk to decide it by weighing at his Scales, to be paid for each Draught by the Party in the wrong, one Shilling three Pence.

CCXXXVI. For marking every Pot, from the Gill to the Gallon, two Pence.

CCXXXVII. For marking all Weights, from the Ounce to half hundred Weight gross, two Pence.

CCXXXVIII. For sealing every Ell or Yard, two Pence.

[Proviso.]CCXXXIX. Provided always, That no Fees shall be taken for Weights and

Measures, as aforesaid, above once every Year, and that only in each Market, Retailers Beings and Habitations within this Island, except Weights belonging to Wharfingers and Store-house Keepers, which shall be weighed some time in the Months of "February and June every Year by the Clerk of the Market.

Penalty on CCXL. And that no Stilyards be made use of in any Markets, Retailers or SdiyTrd^in of Huckfters Shops, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for each Time so made any Market, use of; one Half of such Forfeitures to be to the Poor of the Parish, the other to the Informer, or him that shall sue for the fame before any Justice of the Peace.

CCXLI. Provided always, That the Clerk of the Market, or other Person officiating under him, shall not take or demand any of the Fees aforesaid for killing of Meat, but of such Persons as shall fell in the said Market j nor shall pre-Abridgm. ‘Tit. fume to officiate in his said Office until he has qualified himself, as by an Act for regulating Fees is required; nor shall ask, demand, or receive any of the Fees before mentioned, unless he constantly attends by himself or Deputy during the Time of the Market, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every such Offence; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace; one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish.

CCXLII. And that no Butcher or Turtler shall fell any Turtle or Meat by Retail, but in open Market, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, for the Poor of the said Parish.

CCXLIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyor's Fees shall be,

CCXLIV. For entering the Order into his Book, one Shilling threepence. CCXLV. For surveying or re-surveying, two Pence per Acre, all Savannah, level or clear Ground.

CCXLVI. For Wood-land, four Pence per Acre.

CCXLVII. And ten Shillings for each Day hindered or delayed for drawing the Plat with Fieldwork, which they shall be obliged todeliverwith their Plat,ten Shillings.

CCXLVIII. For surveying House or Land at St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal, Kingston, Passage Fort, or any other Bay or Harbour, if not exceeding one hundred twenty Feet, and so in Proportion for a great Quantity of Footland, ten Shillings. CCXLIX. To the Clerk of the Warrants,

CCL. For drawing a Warrant for the Seal, four Shillings four Pence Halfpenny. CCLI. That the Lawyers Fees be,

CCLII. For drawing a Declaration, five Shillings.

CCLIII. For each Copy, two Shillings six Pence.

CCLIV. For a Pleading Fee, five Shillings.

CCLV. For drawing every Bill, Answer, Plea, Demurrer, Replication, Rejoinder, and all other Proceedings in Equity, each, two Pounds.

CCLVI. For engrossing the fame' one Pound.

CCLVII. For every Motion made or defended in the Court of Chancery, upon which any Order is made, ten Shillings.

CCLVIII. For arguing Exceptions, a Plea, Demurrer, or the Cause at Hearing, one Pound.

CCLIX. And to the Intent that no Person be imposed upon, or obliged to pay any greater or other Fees than what are herein mentioned, expressed, and let down; be it A Table of further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a fair written Table of the Fees al-u^ir/the6 l°wed and established by this present Act to be taken in the respective Offices in this respective Island, shall be constantly and publickly kept in the several Offices following, viz. Offices. CCLX.

Surveyor's

Fees.

Clerk of the

Warrants

Fees:

Lawyers Fees

Act 56. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

703

CCLX. The Secretary's Office; 1711.

CCLXI. Provost-marshal's Office;

CCLXII. Clerk of the Crown;

CCLXIII. Clerk of the Grand Court;

CCLXIV. Register of the Chancery Office;

CCLXV. Clerk of the Patents;

CCLXVI. In the Register of the Admiralty's Office

CCLXVII. Naval Office;

CCLXVIII. Collector and Receiver-general's Office.

CCLXIX. And in case any Officer or Officers shall neglect or delay, within forty Days after the passing this Act, to fix and set up Tables of their Fees, as they are hereby settled and established; every such Officer or Officers neglecting, omit- Penalty onOf-ting, or delaying to do the fame, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; f0c^°p fudf to be recovered in any Court of Record of this Island, by Action of Debt, or other- Table, wife; one Moiety whereof shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the same.

CCLXX. And in case any Officer, or any other Person for them, shall on any or danng to Pretence whatsoever presume to ask, take, demand, or receive any greater or greater other Fees, Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward, save what is herein before prescribed (always except what shall be voluntarily given or allowed to Lawyers or Practitioners at Law by their Clients) every such Officer, Person or Persons, so asking, demanding, taking, or receiving, shall, for every such Offence, reflectively, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Half to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame, and be further incapacitated to bear any such Office or such Place of Trust; and such Lawyer or Attorney shall be incapable of practising any more in any of the Courts of this Island.

[Proviso.]

CCLXXI. Provided always, That if any Fee or Fees appointed by an Act of this Country, or by any Statute or Law in Force in this Island, and not hereby repealed, for any Breach of any Duty incumbent on any Officer or other Person, and shall not be particularly specified in this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or other Person to take such Fees as by such Law or Statute is appointed : And such Officer or Officers shall add such Fee or Fees by him or them so taken, to the Lift of his Fees fixt up in his Office, according to the Directions of this Law, together with a Minute of the Act or Statute warranting the fame; to the End that such Fee or Fees, if any such be omitted, may hereafter be annexed to such Office by a supplementary Act at any future Sessions of the Assembly.

CCLXXII. And provided also, That the Penalties in this Law shall not extend Pari^‘officers to the Parochial Officers, for taking their Fees for their Duty in their respectiveexcepte ' Parishes, such as shall be appointed them by the Justices and Vestry.

CCLXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Penalty onOf--yew, Mullatto, Indian, or Negro, shall be capable to officiate or be employed fcerl*pI^' to write in or for any of the above Offices upon any Pretence whatsoever: And [o write in the every Officer in the said Offices, or any of them, who shall suffer such Person or pubiickOffi-Persons, so incapacitated to write or be employed in or for any of the said Offices, cei‘ for every such Offence, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds current Money of this Island; the one Half whereof shall be to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CCLXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all |;a"f Costs at Law shall be taxed by the Clerk of the respective Courts where such Adli- Clerk of the

ons

Court where the Actions were sued.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 56,57.

I O4

jyji, ons shall be sued, upon Application to him made, before any Lawyer or other

<--- — > Person shall pretend to ask and demand such Costs, or take out Execution for the fame: And whatsoever Lawyer shall offer any Bill of Coffs at Common Law or in Equity, or receive his Money thereon, not having been first taxed, as aforesaid, shall respectively forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds,- one Half whereof shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Iffand, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to the Informer, or to him or them that shall sue for the same.

CCLXXV. And that all Bills of Costs in Chancery shall also be taxed by the Clerk of the Chancery, upon Application to him made.

Penalty on CCLXXVI. And in case any Person or Persons shall tax, insert, or allow of any such Clerk al- more or other Fees in any Bill or Bills of Costs, so to be taxed, as aforesaid, save FeesSthan what are before mentioned; every Person or Persons, so taxing, inserting, or al-are hereby <31-lowing such Fee or Fees, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall reded. for every puch Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; one Half to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same.

[Proviso.]CCLXXVII. Provided, That each Prosecution be within two Years after

such Offence given.

[Proviso.]CCLXXVill. Provided also, That it shall and may be lawful for the Ma-

fters in Chancery to tax all such Bills as shall be due to Lawyers upon causesf already deternrned, as formerly, according to the Rules of Court; provided such Bills, as aforesaid, be taxed within three Months after the Day of passing of this Act.

Clausesin for- CCLXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all

la^in ^Fe'esan<^ evei7 Clause and Clauses (particularly enumerating Fees only) in any former repealed. S Act or Acts for regulating Fees, shall be, and are hereby repealed, annulled, and made void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing herein contained, or in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]CCLXXX. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed, so as to hinder or abridge any of the Judges of the several Courts within this Island to make, order, and establish all such Rules and Orders (adding and altering Fees only excepted) as shall be necessary for the well regulating the said Courts, but they shall respectively have the fame Powers therein as they ought or could have before the making of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the further quieting Possessions, and preventing vexatious

Suits at haw.

Act 57. \\T HERE AS by the Earthquake and Fire at Port Royal, and by many \\ other Accidents, some Records of this Island have been utterly destroyed and loft: And whereas several Titles, heretofore made, of Lands and other Things, by Want of Skill and Knowledge in those that drew Conveyances for the fame, may admit of Disputes and Suits in Law and Equity: To the Intent therefore that vexatious Suits, both in Law and Equity, may be prevented, the Inhabitants eased, and the Publick Good advanced; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this her Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Persons hav- Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of November next en-u^dleir suing> all Possessors of Lands, Houses, Tenements, Negroes, or other Heredita-Possessions ments, by virtue of any Patent, Deed, Assignment, or Conveyance whatsoever, seven Years made, or by virtue of any Order formerly granted, who have been in the peaceable ruptioiL^ofteflion, without Suit, Claim, or Interruption, for the Space of seven Years afterwards before the making of this Act; or shall continue in such Possession from the first: Fe^a^hitTil P°^e^inS fame, by themselves, or those under whom they claim, for and

other Claim- during

ers.

Act 57. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 105

during the Space of Seven Years, shall have and enjoy such Estate respectively, 1711. and hold the fame in Fee against all Persons whatsoever, and give this Act in Evidence, or plead it in bar in any Suit or Suits to be maintained by or brought against him, her, or them, by.her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever, and against all and every Entry, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which shall be, and are respectively barred hereby.

II. Provided nevertheless, That Infants, Women under Coverture, PersonsProviso. cf non-fane Memory, and Persons out of this Island, shall have Liberty, by themselves, their Agents, or Attornies, to commence their Actions respectively within Puch Times after the Disability removed as are respectively herein after limited

that is to say, Infants, within five Years after they come to the Age of twenty-one Years; Women under Coverture, within five Years after the Death of their immediate Husbands; Persons. of unfound Memory, within five Years after they become of found Minds and Memories; and Persons of full Age out of this Eland, within five Years from the Date of this Act; or otherwise such Persons are hereby declared to be barred for ever, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be any ways deemed or construed to extend to extinguish, bar, disannul, or make void the Reservation of any Rents and Services heretofore reserved, or which hereafter shall be, or ought to be, or to have been reserved to the Queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in and by any Letters-patent, for and in respect and by reason of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments therein contained, or any Right accruing to her Majesty in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by any Forfeiture that may have been, or shall be incurred by reason of the Non-performance of Conditions in Deed or in Law, or the Covenants contained in any Grant or Grants of the Crown, made or to be made.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided also, That all Pofleftors or Proprietors of Lands, holding by Order, as aforesaid, shall, within one Year after the passing of this Act, take out Patents for the fame, and pay such Quit-rents as shall be due thereupon, from the Time of the great Earthquake, or otherwise shall not be intitled to any Advantage

by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided also, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to be deemed, taken, held, or construed to extend to confirm or give Title to any Mortgage or Leases of any Lands, Negroes, or other Slaves, mortgaged or in Lease, or to any other Person or Persons, to any Lands, Negroes, or other Slaves, by him, her, or them possessed, as Attorney or Guardian, or other-

wife in Right of another, or to any particular Use, Trust, Courtesy, Dower,

Estate for Years, or for Life, or in Tail, or to any Person or Persons whatsoever, claiming or to claim from, by, or under any Mortgages or Leases, or to any Attorney or Guardian, or other Person seized or possessed, to the Use or in Trust for another, or under such Tenants by the Courtesy, in Dower, for Years, or for Life; but that the fame remain and be, to all Intents and Purposes, as before the making of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

VI. Provided also, That where there are two or more Patents for the fame Lands and Tenements in Being, nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to confirm the Right or Title of any latter Patentee, or of any Person or Persons claiming from, by, or under him, to the Prejudice of any prior Patentee, or any Person or Persons claiming from, by, or under such prior Patentee.

VII. And whereas, through the Neglect of many Persons, Satisfaction hath not been entered of Record in due Form of Law upon Judgments obtained, tho* they have been fully satisfied : And to the End that vexatious Suits at Law in relation thereto may be prevented; and that all dormant Bills, Bonds, Judgments, Bonds, £sV. and other Securities for Money which have not hitherto been, or shall not be le- imereftlath gaily demanded in a convenient Time, may become void, be it enacted, and it is been paid for hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bills, Bonds, and Mortgages, l^e ^paye°r^ whereon no Interest hath been paid, and Judgments, Recognizances, Fines, and ^"afe wll'

D d Amercia an<*vo^'

io6

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 57,58.

1711. Amerciaments, and all and every other Writing and Writings obligatory whatso-

- ever, which have not been legally demanded within the Space of twenty Years

last pad:, since the Dates thereof respectively, or since the lad Payment of Intered upon such Bills, Bonds, and Mortgages, and that shall not be legally demanded within the Space of five Years from and after the passing of this Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be null and void, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Bills of Sale,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bills of cuted andre*-' Sale, Deed$s and other Conveyances whatsoever, at any Time heretofore made, corded, are and duly executed, acknowledged, proved, and recorded, pursuant to the true cTaTed^fuffid Intent and Meaning of an Act of this Bland, entituled, An Act for Prevention of enc to convey Law-suits, although no valuable Consideration be therein respectively inserted 3 awaytheRight anc| ap Deeds and other Conveyances whatsoever, herein after to be made for va-Estatef.r°eS or luable Consideration, of any Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and Hereditaments within this Bland (excepting such as have or shall be made by Infants during their Infancy, and Persons of non-fane Memory, during the Time they continue so) such Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and Hereditaments are hereby enacted and declared to have passed, and to be conveyed by the same as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Real Estate in the Kingdom-of Great Britain might or could pass by Fine and Recovery in her Majesty's Court of Common-Pleas in Westminster-hall3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for regulating Fowling and Fifing.

Act 58. TIT WHEREAS several Persons within this Island do frequently use evil and ill-disposed Methods of destroyirig the Fish in and about this Bland 3 and also destroy the Pigeons at an unseasonable Time of Year, which much redounds to the Prejudice of the poorer Sort of Inhabitants of this Bland: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Bland of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That No Person to no Person or Persons whatsoever shall for the future, by himself, Servant, or Slave, FOwi a"7 destroy any Fhh m any Harbour, Bay, Creek, or River within this Island, by any Harbour,Method of poisoning or intoxicating whatsoever 3 nor set Fish-pots in, or make unlesstheLand any Wear or Stops over any River or Creek within this Bland, unless the Land on the RRer^r^h6 Side of the said River or Creek belong to themselves, excepting the Creek of belongtohim. the Bogne, in the Parish of Fere, where no Fish-pots shall be set, nor no Wear made over any Part thereof 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

No Person to H. And that no Person or Persons whatsoever do, by themselves, Servants, or ^cHor catch- Slaves, from and after the first Day of January next ensuing, make use of any ing Fish with Seane, Net or Nets, or Engine for catching of Fish in any Harbour, Bay, River, leis Meshes Queek or pone| jn or about this Island, with less Meshes than one Inch and a

than one Inch ' 3 . '

and a Quarter Quarter between Knot and Knot or any such Net or Nets lo made use of, except-ar.d^nofn0t Shrimp Nets, which shall not be above two Fathoms and a Half long: And that no Person or Persons whatsoever presume to join two or more together for catching the fame 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, by himself, Servant, or Slave, shall for the future destroy any Turtle Eggs in or upon any Part of this Bland, or in or upon any Island or Quays belonging to the fame 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, by himself, Servant, or Slave, shall for the future kill any wild Pigeons, young of old, within the Parishes of St. Catharine and St. John, nor on any of the several Blands or Quays belonging to this Bland, in the Months

of

nor destroy any Turtle Eggs j

or kill wild Pigeons.

Act 58,59. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1 07

of May, Jtmc, and July; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any 1711. wise notwithstanding.

V. And it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever shall Penalty on offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall for every Offence, J^?^5 being convicted thereof before any Magistrate of this Island, forfeit the Sum ofgafaffisAa; Forty Shillings j one Half whereof shall be to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence is committed, and the other Half to the Informer, or him that shall complain or inform of the same.

VI. And if any Negro, Mulatto, Indian, or Slave, shall offend contrary to the and Punish-true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall receive Thirty-nine Lashes on the °^c* bare Back for every such Offence, being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Sr°eS'

Peace within this Island j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the better securing the Estates and Inter eft of Orphans and Creditors; and to oblige Executors to give Security, a?id to return Appraisements into the Secretary s Office of this Ifand.

WHEREAS, through the Necessity of fending the Youth of this Island to^CT Great Britain for Education, very many have considerably differed in their Estates, by the Death of their Ancestors during their Absence, for want of Inventories being returned into the Secretary's Office of the Personal Estate their Ancestors were possessed of at the Time of their Death : And whereas it has frequently happened, that during the Abode of such Youth in Great Britain (which often continues for Ten or Fifteen Years) not only their immediate Ancestors, but the Executors of such Ancestors have died, whereby their Estates have fallen into the Hands, and under the Management of Executors or Administrators to such Executors, who have been Strangers to the first Testators; and no Inventory having been made by the Executors, it has been .impossible to discover the Testator's Estate : And such Orphans at their Return to this Island have found their Estates very much wasted and impaired; and some have been entirely ruined, notwithstanding that Parents have died possessed of very large Personal Estates.

II. And whereas it is usual and customary for Merchants in Great Britain to entrust Cargoes with Persons whom they fend hither as their Factors, for the Disposal thereof, and who come to advance their Fortune in this Island, and to settle and become Inhabitants here, which has brought many People, and been of great Advantage to the Settlement of this Island; but the lame having received great Discouragement likewise, by the Death of some of the said Factors, who having made their Wills, and their Executors not having returned any Inventories of their Goods, it has been impossible for their Principals in Great Britain, by their Agents or Attornies here, to discover the fame, or recover the Value thereof, though they might otherwise have reasonably expected to have been considerable Gainers by their Adventure, which has tended to the great Discouragement of Trade in general, as well as the particular Loss of many Merchants, Adventurers to this Island, as also to the preventing of People's coming to settle amongst us, from the Discre-dit it brings upon the Inhabitants here : For the Prevention of which, and such like Inconveniencies for the future, be it enacted by her Majesty's Governor,

Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all and every Executor and Executors for the future, when Executor to the Will of any Testator is by him or them exhibited to be proved, shall answer oJ^Yhey" upon Oath to the Value and Circumstances of the Testator's Testamentary Estate iue and cir-to the best of his or their Knowledge, and shall, at the Discretion of the Ordina-cum[lances °/ ry, not only take the Oath of an Executor, but give such Security as the Ordi- Testamentary nary shall direct in the Secretary's Office, to return a just Inventory of the Testa- Estate. for's Estate, with an Appraisment thereof upon Oath, within such Time as shall be limited by the Ordinary for the Time being; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That such Examination and Oath may be Proviso, taken by any Person or Persons lawfully authorized by virtue of a Dedimus from the

io8

The LAWS of JAMAICA, Act 59,60.

1711. the Ordinary where the Party shall happen to be indisposed or incapable to attend, (through Age or other Infirmity) and where the Ordinary shall think fit to grant such Dedi?mis; any thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas several Orphans Estates have been let out to Lease during their Minority, without any Security given for the returning or making good the Slaves and personal Estates so leased, at the Expiration of such Lease or Leases, whereby several poor Orphans have been utterly undone: For the Prevention therefore of the like undue Practices for the future, be' it further enacted by the.

aforesaid, That all Guardians, Executors, Administrators, or other Persons whatsoever, who are impowered to lease out any Orphan's E-Security of the Eate, shall be obliged to take good and sufficient Security of the Lefiee or Lessees Lessee.&Y.for for tke ma^ing good or returning all such Slaves and other Personalty as shall be

the returning 00 o j

such Slaves 01 so leased by them at the Expiration of such Lease or Leases; and that ail Guar-0tjerPeifh "ll ^ans> Executors, Administrators, or other Person or Persons, who shall for the be leased, at future lease out any Orphan or Orphans Estate, shall annex to the Lease a Sche-the Expiration dule of all the Slaves and Personal Estate so leased, and record the fame in the of the Leaie. gecretary's Office of this Island within Three Months after the executing such Lease or Leases, under the Penalty that all such Lease or Leases so made of Orphans Estates, by Persons, as aforesaid, which shall not be recorded within the Time herein before prefixed in Manner as aforesaid j and for the due Performance thereof, on the Part of the Lefiee, Security shall not have been given; shall, from and after the Expiration of the said three Months, be utterly void, as if the fame had never been made; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Guardians, Authority fcft. obliged to p r take sufficient ^er*on or

4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft 4ft

'♦V. 'nh tj- fTt*

1712.

Act 60.

One white Man to be employed in every Boat,

and two in every Sloop, fcft. carrying Goods for Hire;

and ore on every Wharf where Goods are landed.

An Act to encourage White Men to come to continue and settle in this Island.

WHEREAS it will be a very great Benefit and Advantage to this Island, by all proper Ways and Means, to bring white Men to, and to encourage such as are already here to continue and settle in this Island : And whereas Wherries, Sloops, Boats, and Canoes, which ply for Fare and carry Goods for Hire from and within the Harbours, Creeks, and Rivers in this Island, are chiefly managed by Slaves, to the great Discouragement of poor white Men and other free Persons: For the Prevention whereof for the future, and to the Intent that all due Regard may be had to white Men, and Encouragement given to them to come to continue and settle in this Island; be it enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of ‘Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That within one Month after the passing of this Act, one white Man shall constantly ply and be employed in each Wherry-boat and Canoe plying for Fare from, in, or to any Harbour or Place in this Island (Water Canoes only excepted.)

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sloops and Boats which ply and carry Goods for Hire to, from, or within any Harbour, Bay, River, Creek, or Place in this Island, shall always be navigated with two white Men, and the rest of the Crew to be made up of w'hite Men, free Mu-lattoes, and free Negroes only one Slave, and no more, may be employed in each such Sloop or Boat.

III. And whereas it will be necessary, for the better Preservation of Goods to be landed at and on the several publick Wharfs, Bays, Barkadiers, and Landing-places of this Island, that a proper Number of white Men may be employed thereon respectively; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be kept one or more white Men for and upon every such publick Wharf, Barkadier and Landing-place; and that there shall be only kept and employed Three Slaves for and wdth any or every white Man, and no more, the Names

Act 6o.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

109

of which white Men and Slaves diall be duly given in upon Oath by the Whar- 1712. finger, chief Manager, or Person immediately receiving Profit by such Wharf,

Bay, Barkadier, or Landing-place, at every Quarter-sessions to be held for the Parish or Precinct where such Wharf, Bay, Barkadier, or Landing-place respectively are; which Oath the Justices in Quarter-sessions are hereby impowered and required to administer; and whosoever shall either neglect to take such Oath, or, after having taken such Oath, diall be found guilty of having sworn untruly, every such Person so offefiding shall (besides other Punishments to be inflicted by the Law) be liable to suffer Three Months Imprisonment for every such Offence; or, in lieu thereof, shall forthwith, upon Conviction, pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; the one Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Moiety, or Half Part thereof, to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; to be paid for them into the Hands of the respective Church-wardens, or one of them, who are hereby impowered to demand and receive the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Vessels may maybe lawful for any Sloop, Boat, or Canoe, carrying Goods for Freight or Goods at Tny Hire paying the usual Rates, to land such Goods at, or carry them from any publick publick Wharf, Barkadier, or Landing-place; and that the Persons belonging toWharf-such Wharfs, Barkadiers, or Landing-places, shall be, and are hereby required

to permit the fame: And whosoever shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings; to be recovered before any Magistrate of the Parish or Precind where such Offence is committed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within one Boat-hire. Month after the Day of passing this Act, the Fare and Hire of a Wherry with

Two Oars, between Port Royal and Kingston, shall be four Ryals; and between Port Royal aforesaid and Passage Fort, the like Sum of four Ryals; and between Kingston aforesaid and Passage Fort, the Sum of Six Ryals j and from Port Royal or Kingston to the several Places following, the Hire and Fare of such Wherries with Two Oars shall be as follows, viz. To St. James's Fort, five Shillings; to Bull's Bay, ten Shillings; to Tallows, twenty Shillings; to Morant or Port Morant, forty Shillings; to Old Harbour, Pig Bay, the Bogne, or Salt River, one Pound, and so in Proportion; that is to say, one Half more than the Prices respectively, as aforesaid, for Wherries with Four Oars.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Wher-How long ryman, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby obliged to ply from Break of Day Wherrymen to Eight o'Clock at Night, under the Penalty (if he be a white Man) that he are ° pl>‘ shall forfeit Ten Shillings; and if he be a Negroe, he shall suffer Thirty one Ladies, to be ordered respectively by any Magistrate, before whom Complaint

shall be made.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Weights and Owners of Scales diall be kept by all Owners or Persons employed for the keeping of pub- ^'eplicafes lick Wharfs, Barkadiers, Bays, and Landing-places in this Island, to weigh, if for the weigh-required, all Sug.ir, Indigo, Piemento, Cotton, and other Plantation Goods, inSofGoods-which shall come to such Wharf, Bay, Barkadier, or Landing-place, and the Weight thereof respectively diall be entered into a Book at each Place to be kept

for that Purpose; and for such weighing and entering into such Books, as aforesaid, they diall be paid fifteen Pence for every Hogdiead, and Seven Pence Halfpenny for every Draught, be it more or less, of other Goods of all Sorts which shall be so weighed and entered, as aforesaid : And all Wharfingers and other Persons which shall receive any Benefit at any such Wharf, Barkadier, or Landing-place, diall give, or take Care that Receipts be given for all Goods which shall be delivered to them by any Person demanding the fame, such Goods having been first weighed, as aforesaid: And whosoever shall offend, either by neglecting to procure such Scales and Weights, or in not weighing the Goods delivered to them, and entering the fame in a'Bcok, as aforesaid, or not giving such Receipts, as aforesaid, upon Demand; every Person so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this IOand, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of

E e Law

I IO

Act 6o.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1712. Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterins prosequi be entered j any Law, Cuf-v — v — -' tom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners or Proprietors of any Hackney Coach or Coaches, Chariots, and four Wheel Chaises, which shall ply upon the Road for Hire, shall have one white Man for each such Hackney Coach or Coaches, Chariot, or Chaise which shall so ply

Coach Hire, for Hire j and the Hire and Fare shall be as follows, viz. For each Coach to and from Passage Fort to Spaniflj "Town and back again, that carries four Passengers, thirty Shillings; for each Coach that carries three Passengers, five and twenty Shillings; and for two Passengers, or for one Passenger in any such Hackney Coach, Chariot, or Chaise, twenty Shillings, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owners of all Carts or Waines that shall carry Goods for Hire, shall be obliged to keep one white Man for the first Cart or Waine, and one white Man more for every two such Carts or Waines they shall keep besides the first, to go forwards and backwards with such Carts and Waines, and that the Fare and Hire for such

and CartHirc. Cart and Waine shall be as follows, viz. For each Hogshead of Sugar, five Shillings; for each Barrel of Beef, Flour, Herrings, or Mackarel, the Sum of one Shilling and three Pence, and so in Proportion for Carriage of other Goods from Spanish Fown to Passage Forty and no more.

Owners of X. And the Owner of each such Hackney Coach, Chariot, or Chaise, as Coached &c. aforesaid, and of each Cart and Waine, or some Person for him or her, shall to give upon give in an Account upon Oath at each Section of the Number of Hackney count of the* Coaches, Chariots, Chaises, Carts, and Waines which they keep respectively, Humber of and of the Names of the white Man or Men particularly kept for each Hackney thenfkept^ Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Cart or Carts, Waine or Waines j which Oath the and the Dri. Justicesat each Session are hereby impowered to administer and receive : And who-vers Names, soever shall offend contrary to the Intent of this Act, either in not keeping such white Man for each such Coach or Coaches, Chariot, Chaises, Cart or Waine, or in not making such Oath, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum o^Ten Pounds j the one Half Part thereof to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs, and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; to be recovered as aforesaid.

XI. And whereas Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, are frequently purloined, stolen, and embezilled, by Persons that ply in Sloops, Canoes, and Boats that carry the fame for Hire, and by Persons belonging to publick Wharfs, Bar-kadiers, and Landing-places: For Prevention whereof for the future, and for the making Satisfaction to such Persons as may be damnified by such purloining, Healing, or embezilling Goods, as aforesaid, be it enacted by the Authority

Clause topre- aforesaid, That any Person thinking himself aggrieved, or any one in his Behalf, zHling of6" may> upon Application to any Justice of Peace of the Precinct, have a Warrant Goods on for any Person or Persons belonging to any such Sloop, Canoe, or Boat, publick tK>ard Vessels, Wharf, Barkadier, or Landing-place, where Goods are suspected to be purloined, stolen, or embezilled, to bring them before a Magistrate, and there to oblige them to swear what Goods and how much were so purloined, stolen, or embezilled j which Oath such Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer : And whosoever shall refuse to take such Oath, shall forfeit Twenty Pounds; to be recovered as aforesaid: And whosoever shall be convicted by such Confession upon Oath, shall forfeit double the Value of the Goods so purloined, stolen, or embezilled, to the Party aggrieved; to be recovered as aforesaid.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That such Confection upon Oath shall not be given in Evidence to charge any Person with Felony, or in any Action of Trespass, or other Action at Law; nor in any other Manner, save only to make such Person liable to the said Forfeiture, and for no other Intent or Purpose whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

Oi

ra

jik

rJ

val

of

2D

ker tel! Oil is a rij

h

‘O'C

*is

An'

Act 61.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

i j r

An Act for preferring the publick Records of this Hand.

1712.

WHEREAS the publick Records of this Island have received great Da-Act 6i» mage by Length of Time, frequent Searches, and the late violent Hurricane; which, of Necessity must very much increase, if timely Care be not taken to prevent it, to the great Prejudice of the Inhabitants of this Eland : For the better Security and Preservation of the fame for the future, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this her Majesty's Eland of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Se- secretary to cretary of this Eland, or the Person transading or officiating as his Deputy, and 00k over the the Clerk of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Eland, or the Person trans-°f acting or officiating as his Deputy for the Time being, do, and are hereby re- and to direct quired, as soon as possible, and with all due Care, to look over the several Books substantial of publick Records lodged in their respective Offices, and forthwith agree for of the new Binding, with good and substantial Leathern Covers, all such Books of publick Records in their respective Offices, which they shall find to have Occasion for the fame, at such Rates and Prices as the Commissioners, in this Act hereafter mentioned, shall allow of and approve.

II. And whereas several Deeds, Patents, Plats, and other Papers, in several Offices of this Bland, are much worn, torn, and defaced; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever such Deeds, Plats, Patents, or other Copies of Papers shall be thought necessary by the Commissioners herein after appointed, and the Officers of each Office aforesaid, for his respective Office to be transcribed for the publick or new copied, the said respective Officers shall cause the fame, as soon as con- lf veniently they can, to be so transcribed or new copied, taking due Regard, withceffarj all possible Exactness, to imitate the Original, leaving Blank and due Spaces for all such Writings, Lines, and other Matters, as either become not legible or unintelligible : Which said several Transcripts, or Copies of Deeds, Plats, Patents, or other Papers, shall be deemed, and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the original Records themselves were before the making of this Act.

III. Provided nevertheless, That the Officer of each publick Office of Re- Proviso.' cord in this Island shall, with all possible Care, in the mod: cautious Manner, preserve the said original Records in his several and respective Office, and make Oath before the Chief justice of this Island for the Time being, (who is hereby impowered arid required to administer the same) That the said several Transcripts and Copies made in his respective Office are true and exact Copies of their several original Records, before the said Transcripts or Copies shall be deemed as valid and effectual Records, as aforesaid : Which said Commissioners, and each of them, before he or they shall do any thing herein appointed, shall also take an Oath before the Chief justice of this Island in the Words following, viz.

TA.B. Commissioner, appointed by an Act, entititled, An Act for preserving the Commission-publick Records of this Island, do [wear well and truly to execute the Truss r^-crs0ath' posed in me by the said Act, without Prejudice, Favour, or Affection to the respective Officers in the said AB mentioned, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge. So help me God.

IV. And whereas the Patents and Plats in the Patent Office of this Eland have been kept in loose and Angle Papers, many of which are very much torn and defaced; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Patents, Patents, &c. or the Person transading or officiating as his Deputy for the Time being, do and °.Ceve7 Pa"

0 t J o' rish iq be en*

is hereby required to procure, as soon as possible, a distinct Book for each Pa-tered in a rish of this Island, well bound with a good and substantial Leathern Cover, Book* wherein he shall and is hereby required to transcribe and copy the Patents and Plats of each distinct Parish, and make them agree with the Originals, as is before required, and likewise keep the said Originals of the said Patents and Plats as is before directed: Which said Clerk of the Patents is hereby likewise required

to

I I 2

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act6i, 62.

1712.

of all former Patents, &c.

Prefles, £3V. to be provided for preserving the publick Records.

to provide a distinct Book, wherein to keep an Alphabet of the Names of the Patentees of the several Patents above mentioned.

V. And whereas several Patents and Plats have been formerly recorded in the Office of the Clerk of the Supreme Court of this Island; be it enacted by the

Clerk of the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clerk of the Supreme Court do, and is here-Court to keep by required to procure a Book, well bound with a good and substantial Leathern an Alphabet Cover, and therein to keep an Alphabet of all such Patents, Plats, and Conveyances as have been recorded in his said Office.

VI. And for the further and better Preservation of the publick Records for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Officer of each such publick Office shall provide a convenient Press or Prefles for all the Books and Papers belonging to his Office, having good Doors with Locks and Keys: And that no Officer, as aforesaid, shall for the future presume to enter or transcribe any of the publick Records of this Island in any Book but what shall be bound with a good substantial Leathern Cover j and each of the said Officers shall and are hereby obliged and required, as soon as possibly they can, to provide and procure for all the said Books already lodged in their respective Offices, and such as they shall have Occasion for, for the future, a double or false Cover for their better Preservation.

VII. And that the Secretary of this Island, as soon as possibly it may be done, bekept of the provide two distinct Books, and in each of them keep an Alphabet of the Names Names of of the several Persons, Parties to the Records kept in his Office; to wit, in the

one the Name of each Grantor, Feoffor, Donor, &c. and in the other the Name of each Grantee, Feoffee, Donee, &c. leaving a discretionary Room between each Letter of the said Alphabet, for inserting such a Number of Names as may make it of Use and Service for some considerable Time to come.

Commission-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Samuel Vaf-toen?oi°ceth\Ja^ William Careless, and Thomas Rose, Esqrs. or any two of them, be and are Aa. hereby appointed Commissioners respectively, to perform and execute the several

Trusts and Confidences in them, by this Act, reposed; who are hereby further authorized and impowered to agree with the Workmen and Persons to be employed, as aforesaid, and likewise estimate and set a Value on whatever further Charges or Expences the said several Officers shall be at in Execution of the feve-' ral Premisses of them by this Act required, which said Officers are hereby required to execute and perform the fame; to be re-imbursed by a Fund to be raised, or an Appropriation for that Purpose, to be made by this or any other Assembly of this Island.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That whatsoever Officer or Officers of any of the publick Offices before mentioned, shall neglect his or their Duty, in not performing or complying with the several Particulars in this Act mentioned, shall, for each such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered by Action at the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vu/t ulterius pro-fa ui be entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An alphabetical Lift to

Persons, Par ties to the Records.

Penalty on Officers neglecting their Duty.

*7l5-

Act 62.

An Act for the more easy serving of Constables.

WHEREAS by the present Method of electing Constables, and by the great Number of commissioned and reformed Militia Officers, who pretend to be exempted from serving as Constables, the Burden of that Office has been chiefly laid upon a few, and those of the middling Inhabitants of this Island, to the great Discouragement of the People, and to the driving of several out of this Justices,bfc. Island: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Af-rish'may hfie ^em^ly> That from and after the first Day of January next, the Justices and Constables, Vestrymen for the Time being, in their respective Parishes (except in the Parishes

of

Act63,64.. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

113

of Port Royal, St. Catharine, and Kingston) shall hire good and sufficient Men to serve as Constables for their respective Parishes : And the Justices and Vestry-men in their respective Parishes are hereby impowered and required, at the usual Times of assessing their Parish Tax, to assess, tax, and levy yearly, a Sum not«, at the exceeding Twenty Pounds for each Constable to be so hired, over and above the PanlhCharge* usual Taxes aftefted and raised on the several Parishes by virtue of an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Maintenance of the Mimfiers and Poor, and erecting and repairing of Churches; which Constables shall be so hired on the second Tuesday in February, in the Parishes of St. Dorothy and St. Thomas in the Vale, and on the second Tuesday in January in every other Parish, and shall give such Security as shall be approved of by the Justices and Vestrymen; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And if the said Justices and Vestrymen shall neglect their Duty herein, Penalty onju-they shall respectively forfeit Five Pounds, current Money of this Island; one stices>

Half of which shall be to the Poor of the Parish, and the other Moiety to him "hei^Dufy. or them that shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That if the Justices and Vestrymen in any Parish shall not be able to hire good and sufficient Men to serve as Constables, that then Constables for such Parish shall be chosen in the Quarter-session as usual.

® v# & 0 1 S' $ ® ® $ & ©

An Act for Relief of Widows and Orphans, in Relatio?i to 1717.

Deficiencies. ' — v J

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island now in Force, entituled, An AClAct 63.

to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, and to maintain such as shall come over within a certain Time, or pay certain Hums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses, among other things, it is therein enabled, That in each respective Parish within this Island, where there is not kept one white Man capable of bearing Arms, or a white Woman, Boy, or Girl, above the Age of fourteen, as shall hereafter arrive, in pursuance of the Act aforesaid, for every twenty-four Slaves, young or old, one hundred and twenty Horses, Mares, Mules,

Asses, and neat Cattle, shall pay the Sum of five Shillings per Week, and so in Proportion to a lester Number, not amounting to a Deficiency; provided, that every free Mulatto, above the Age of sixteen, shall pass for half a Deficiency

Since the passing of which some Hardships have accrued to several Widows and Orphans now residing in this Island, by being exempted from the Benefit of passing for a Deficiency: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Governor, w^o'vs. &V. Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by such a Nifm- the Authority of the same, That all Widows and Orphans residing in this Island, ber of Slaves and upon their Plantations and Settlements, and not having such a Number 0faD^ciency° Slaves as shall amount to a Deficiency, according to the true Intent and Meaning exempted of the Act abovesaid, shall and are hereby exempted from all and every the Im- :h.ep.e‘

_ j i j r>alcies in the

- positions, Pains, Penalties/ and Forfeitures, mentioned and contained in the former Act. above recited Act; any thing in the said Law, or any other to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for the more effectual punishing of Crimes cottimitted by

Slaves.

WHEREAS by several Laws of this Island, the Punishment of Death is Act 64.

to be inffidted on Slaves for committing such Crimes as by the said Laws are declared; which Crimes often remain undetedled, by the Omission of the Owners or Proprietors prosecuting such Slaves: For the encouraging therefore the Discovery of all Crimes that shall hereafter be committed by any Slave as aforesaid, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this his Ma-

F f jesty's

U4

Act 64.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1717.

jesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That in all Cases where any Slave shall be put upon his Trial by cadnghis0^' Owner, Proprietor, or Person entrusted with such Slave, and shall suffer Slave, shall, Death by the Sentence of such Persons as are impowered to pronounce tire fame, be^ifaiT6 Person likewise esquire of his, her, or their Value, and certify the

convicted, re- fame under the Hands of the Majority of them (one of which shall be a just ice ceive the Va- of the Peace) to the Commissioners for the Time being, for paying of Parties to ue0 im' be sent out for suppressing rebellious and runaway Slaves; which laid Commissi- This and the oners shall, out of the Fund provided or to be provided for that Purpose, pay to

'repealed by the Owner or Owners, whose Slave or Slaves the fame were before Conviction,

Act 124. the full Value, he, she, or they were valued at by the said Persons who tried

and condemned him, her, or them, the said Slave or Slaves j which said Sum

the said Commissioners shall pay to the said Owner or Owners, in full Recompence of the Loftfes he, she, or they have sustained: And in all Cases of Murder, the Owner or Owners of the said Slave or Slaves killed, shall receive the full Value of such Slave or Slaves, as well as the Owner or Owners of the Slave or Slaves executed for such Murder.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, That no one Slave shall be appraised at above the Sum of Forty Pounds, current Money of this Island^ any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalty on

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said no°mpayhi0gner Commissioner (having Money sufficient in his Hands) shall refuse to pay such the Value of Sum or Sums of Money as such Slave or Slaves shall be appraised at, upon pro-[he Owners of Cueing a Certificate as aforesaid, the Owner, Proprietor, or other Person intruded them, &c. with such Slave, may bring an Action of Debt in the Supreme Court for the said Sum such Slave or Slaves were valued at j whereupon the Plaintiff, on Judgment obtained, shall recover treble Damages against the said Commissioner -} any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Slave shall be dismembered at the Will and Pleasure of his Master, Owner, or Employer, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds j to be recovered in any Court of Record against; the Person who shall dismember, or order the dismembering of such Slave or Slaves as aforesaid j one Half whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof j the other Half to such Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same.

V. But if any Slave, having been one whole Year in this Island, shall run fromhisOwn away> and continue absent from his Owner's Service for the Space of Thirty er's Service Days, upon Complaint and Proof made of such Absence by the Owner, Attor-30 Days, how neyj Trustee, or Guardian, before any two Justices of the Peace and three Free-ed. epum holders within this Island, pursuant to the Method and Directions prescribed by

an Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves, it shall and maybe lawful for such Justices and Freeholders to order such Slave to be punished, by cutting off one of the Feet of such Slave, or inflicting such other corporal Punishment as they shall think fit.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Slave or Slaves shall be seen playing with Dice, Cards, or at any other Game whatsoever, whereby any Profit or Gain may arise, that such Slave or Slaves, so seen or taken playing or gaming, shall, upon Complaint to any Justice of the Peace, be whipped through the Streets of the Town where such Offence shall be committed; and in such Parish where no Town is, in the most publick Place thereof, the Owner or Owners of such Slave paying the Charge of such Whipping.

VII. And whereas many and great Inconveniencies and Mischiefs do and may arise and happen by the Retailers of Rum and Rum-punch entertaining of Negroes, and other Slaves drinking and gaming in their Houses j be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Retailers of Rum and Rum-punch, or other Liquors, from and after the first Day of October next, shall

suffering Ne- suffer any Negroe, or other Slave, to game or use any Sort of Play within groes to drink their Houses, or suffer any Slave or Slaves to meet, to drink therein, under

or game in J

their Houses. the

No Slave to be dismembered at the Will of his Owner.

Slave absent-

The Punishment of a Slave for Gaming.

Penalty on Retailers of Rum, &c.

Act64.. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

JI5

the Penalty of Forty Shillings; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace in 1717.

the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; one Half whereof shall be to -

such Person as shall inform or sue for the fame, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the permitting or allowing of any Number of strange Negroes to assemble on any Plantation or Settlement, or any other Place, may prove of fatal Consequence to this your Majesty's Island, if not timely prevented : Andforasmuch as Negroes can, by beating on Drums, and blov/ing Horns, or other such like Instruments of Noise, give Signals to each other at a considerable Distance of their evil and wicked Intentions: be it further enacted, That in one Penalty on O-

J 1 v rf &c

Month's Time after the passing of this Act, no Proprietor, Attorney, or Over-of plantations seer, presume to suffer any Number of strange Negroes, exceeding Five, to affjffering semble on his Plantation or Settlement, or on the Plantation or Settlement under ^ove five

J INCProcs to

the Care of such Attorney, or Overseer; nor shall any Proprietor, Attorney, or assemble Overseer, suffer any beating on Drums, Barrels, Goards, Boards, or other such l£freon^ta like Instruments of Noise on the Plantations and Settlements, as aforesaid, under ime' his or their Care, under the Penalties hereafter mentioned j that is to say, every Proprietor or Attorney that shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit Ten Pounds, current Money of this Island; and every Overseer that shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds of the like current Money : All which Forfeitures shall be recovered before any Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, by him, her, or them that shall complain of the fame; the one Moiety or half Part to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges of the fame; the other Moiety or half Part to the Person or Persons complaining; any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it also further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace, upon which shall be Complaint made to him of such drumming, blowing of Horns, or other such-

like Noises or Concourse of Negroes, shall, within two Days after such Complaint a justice of at farthest, issue out a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Confta-Peace, ble or Constables of the said Parish, to demand and receive from every Person so offending the Forfeitures mentioned in this Act; and upon Refusal or Non-payment, to distrain on his or their Goods and Chattels, and the same to fell at publick Outcry, after six Days Notice given, by affixing upon a Paper in the most publick Place of the said Parish all such Goods so distrained on, before they shall presume to dispose of the fame, reserving to him or themselves Six-Pence in the Pound for his or their Trouble j and the Overplus, after such Deductions, to be paid to the Owners.

X. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers, Civil officers may

and Military, shall be, and are hereby impowered and required to enter into any p^ces^o Plantation, Settlement, or any other Place, to suppress and prevent all Drumming prevent Ne-and other Noises, or Concourse of Negroes, as above mentioned; any Law to S'oes affem* the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. ing‘

XI. And be it also enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, or Military Penalty;onju-Officer, that shall refuse to do his or their Duty herein, shall, for every such De-

fault, forfeit Twenty Pounds, current Money of this Island : And every Constable their Duty, that shall neglect to do his or their Duty, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds like current Money; every of which said Forfeitures shall be one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish j to be recovered before any Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the said Precinct.

XII. And forasmuch as the permitting of Mulattoes and Negroes to keep large Stock on Commons has occasioned great Abuses, they having destroyed the old Breeders, and marked the Young with their own Marks; be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mulatto or Negroe (free Mulattoes, Negroes, and Indians, having Settlements, and ten Slave's thereon, always excepted) shall hereafter presume to keep any Horses, Mares, Mules, Asses, 01*

' neat

n6

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 64,65.

to forfeit the same.

[Proviso.]

be read at the Head of every Company every six Months.

Secretary to deliver a C'o-

1717. neat Cattle whatsoever, on Penalty of forfeiting the fame j to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace in the said Parish; one Half of which shall be to the keeping ' c Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall Horses, (ffc. be committed.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, That any two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace in every Precind: may license, and they are hereby impowered to license and permit any Mulatto or Negroe (not being a Slave) to keep any such Stock during their good Behaviour; any thing in this, or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And to the Intent that it may be known who are free, and that such as are so may be distinguished from those that are Slaves; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every free Mulatto, Negro, or Indian, not having a Settlement and ten Negroes thereon, shall furnifn him or herself with a Certificate of his or her being free, under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace where such Negroe or other Slave shall live, and a public Badge of a blue

Free Negroe Cross to be worn upon the Right Shoulder, to denote the fame : And in case any to wear a such Negro, Mulatto, or Indian, shall not be furnished with such Certificate and Badge, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, to seize, apprehend, on hi. Right and take up such Negroe, Mulatto, or hidian (although free) and imprison and Shoulder,£sV. use or as a slave passing without a Ticket; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

This Act to

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Captain, or some other Commission-Officer, shall, at the Head of every respective Company and Troop in this Island, publish, or cause to be published, this present Act, on or before the first Day of October next, and once every six Months after, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds; to be recovered before any Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; one Half to the Informer, the other to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary shall deliver a Copy of py of this Act this Act, within one Month after the passing the fame, to each and every Parish to every Pa- within this Island, for which he shall receive the Sum of Twenty Shillings from the respective Church-wardens of the said Parishes (to be paid out of the publick Stock of the Parish) and no more; any thing in this Act, or any other to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for the repairings preserving, and maintaining the TVall of Port Royal, being now made use of as Part of his Majesty s Fortifcations.

Act 6 5. T \ ^ S by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this

\\ Island (now in force) entituled, An Act for raising a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for maintaining and repairing his Majesty's Forts and Fortifications, it is, amongst: other Things, therein enacted, That the Sum of One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, arising as therein declared, be yearly, and every Year, paid and appropriated unto the repairing, building, and rebuilding of his Majesty's Forts and Fortifications: And whereas the Wall of Fort Royal is of great Importance, as well for refilling the Enemy in Time of War, as also for preventing the Sea from breaking in on the Town of Port Royal, and is taken into Possession by his Majesty, and made use of as Part of his Majesty's said Fortifications; the Benefit of which Wall must be in Time loft, if not preserved by maintaining and repairing the fame; the great and unavoidable Charge whereof is represen ted as too great a Burthen on the Inhabitants of the said Town, who are much impoverished by the great Decay of all Trading; and Application having been made by the said Inhabitants to this Assembly for granting them Aid in the Premisses: To the End therefore that the said Wall may be at all Times hereafter maintained, preserved, and kept in good Repair, we, your Majesty's Assembly of this Island, do most humbly pray that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the

Act 65,66. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

X17

the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, Part of the said One thou- i 717. sand two hundred and fifty Pounds arising by the said recited Act, be yearly, and0T^7'~' every Year, paid by the Receiver-general for the Time being, or such Person as an5°uai|° iJici shall officiate in his Place, unto the Church-wardens of the Parish of Port Royal, out in re-and their Successors; which said Church-wardens of the Parish of Port Royal, WaiTof/W and their Successors, shall employ the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds per Royal. Annum, towards the repairing, preserving, and maintaining the said Wall at all Times hereafter, and to no other Use, Intent, and Purpose whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Chuch- The Churchwardens of the Parish of Port Royal, and their Successors, shall have, and they have by this Act full Power and Authority to lay out and expend the said Sum lay out the of One hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, for and towards the Uies and Pur- said Money* poses for which the same are hereby given.

III. Provided, That such Sums as shall be at any Time hereafter employed, p,ovlfo-laid out, or expended by the said Church-wardens and their Successors, by virtue of this Act, shall be so employed, laid out, or expended by the Advice and Consent of the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the Encouragement of voluntary Parties to suppress re- 1718.

bellious and runaway Negroes.

WHEREAS divers rebellious and runaway Slaves have formed themselves into several Bodies, and of late have very much increased, by the Neg-lect of keeping up Standing-Parties for the entire suppressing of them : And whereas the several Laws for that Purpose have hitherto proved ineffectual > be it therefore enacted by his Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty's present Governor, or the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or the Commanding Officer in every Parish, distant at least twenty Miles from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commission such Person or Persons as he shall think fit to command any Party or Parties that will voluntarily inlifl themselves to go out in Pursuit of the said rebellious and runaway Slaves.

II. And to encourage all such Persons as are so commissioned, or shall so inlifl themselves in so necessary a Work, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Party so commissioned, shall have and receive for every rebellious Slave above the Age of fourteen, they shall take alive or kill, the Sum of Fifty Pounds, current Money of this Island , to be paid them out of such Fund or Funds as are or shall be applied to and for the Use of Parties; and shall also have and take to themselves and their Heirs, every Boy, Girl, or Pick-a-ninny which they shall so take under the Age of Fourteen, together with all such Plunder as they shall take from such rebellious Slaves j which said Fifty Pounds, and Slaves under the Age of Fourteen, and Plunder, are and shall be, and are hereby declared to be in lieu and full of all other Pay and Encouragements given in and by four several Acts, entituled, An Act for raising Parties to Juppref rebellious and runaway Negroes; and one other Act, entituled, An Act for the more effectual raising Parties to pursue and defray rebellious and runaway Slaves; and one other Act, entituled, An Act for the further Encouragement of Parties, and more speedy Reduction of rebellious and runaway Slaves; and one other Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Hunter, Slave, or other Person, shall kill or bring in alive any rebellious Slave, the Mailer of such Person and Persons shall receive the same, and the like Sum of Money, Rewards, and other Encouragements given to the said voluntary Parties, as aforesaid, paying to the said Hunter, or Slave, Ten Pounds, and a Coat with a red

G g Cross

Act 66.

Governor may commission Persons to comrr and Parties to pursue runaway Slaves.

Clause for Encouragement of such Parties.

Hunter, bfc. killing any rebellious Slave, to receive the same Reward, bV.

n8 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 67.

171B. Cross on the Right-shoulder (excepting Hunters, hunting in the Parish of JVtfc-moreland, who shall receive no Benefit by this Act, and who are totally excluded out of this Act) every such Person producing a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of two Justices of the Peace of the Parish where such Slave shall be so brought in or killed, which shall entitle him to the Profits and Advantages arising by this Act.

Negroes, &c.

[Proviso.]

IV. And whereas great Inconveniencies happen to this Island, through several going off to of the Negroes and other Slaves going off this Island to the French and Spanish loni^howto Colonies; for Prevention whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That be punched, all and every Negroe or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, that shall attempt to go off this Island, and be taken in such Attempt; and all and every Slave or Slaves that shall actually go off this Island to the French or Spanish Colonies, and return or be brought back to this Island; all and every such Negroe and Negroes, Slave and Slaves, so offending as aforesaid, and being thereof convicted before two Justices and three Freeholders, shall suffer such Pains and Punishments (according to the Nature of their Crime) as the said Justices and Freeholders shall think fit. V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed,

deemed, or taken to extend to repeal, disannul, or make void either or any of the said four recited Acts, entituled as aforesaid, or any Article or Clause therein; but the same shall remain in as full Force and Virtue as they were before the passing of this Act, except what relates-to the Encouragements and Rewards given by the said recited Acts.

NlVi nfV. 'W* 'W* r^lr» rJlr» '•dV. JV»

17J9‘ An Act to-prevent the enticing or enveigling of Slaves from the Possessors; and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and cTe7iants for Life and Years 5 and for regulating Abuses Committed by Slaves.

Act 67. WHEREAS it hath been a Practice for People of this Island, unde£ W Colour or Pretence of Title, to entice and enveigle Negroe and other Slaves from the Possessors of them; and them so enticed or enveigled away, to fend off this Island, or hide or conceal them in remote and distant Parts from such Possessors; whereby great Inconveniencies have happened, to the utter Ruin of several Orphans and other Inhabitants of this Island, and Decay of the planting 40s.Penalty Interest; For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and for every Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority of the same, Defainerof That no Person whatsoever shall take or detain any Negroe or Slave who hath another's been in Possession of another for the Space of Six Months, without due Course of Law, upon Pain of forfeiting Forty Shillings to the Party aggrieved for every Day's Detainer.

Chief Junice.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Com-ComT5" of P^a*nt mac^e upon Oath to the Chief Justice of this Island, or to any Two Justices such Dminer, of the Peace, of the detaining any Negroe or Slave from such Possessors otherwise may order the than by due Course of Law, it shall and may be lawful for the Chief Justice, or restored°.be the Justices unto whom such Complaint shall be made as aforesaid, to order the Offender and Offenders to restore the Negroe or Slave detained, and pay the Penalty and Forfeiture aforesaid unto the Party grieved : And if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to comply with, or perform such Order hereafter to be made in the Grand Court for restoring of any Negroe or Slave, he, she, or they so refilling or neglecting the fame, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and be committed to the common Gaol until he, she, or they have fulfilled such Order, and paid the several Penalties and Forfeitures herein before mentioned.

Act 67.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

19

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaitl. That if the Chief 1719. Justice or any Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint to him or them made as aforesaid, shall refuie, delay, or neglect doing his or their Duty herein, he or they chief'justice shall for every such Offence, his or their Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum ofy<\ negiea.' Fifty Pounds;.one Half to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Iffand, and the con- complaints, tingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety, or Half-part, to the Party grieved; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Grand Court of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Inparlance, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas several Persons holding, possessing, and enjoying Negroe and other Slaves as Tenants by the Courtesy of England, Tenants in Dower,

Tenants for Life or Years, and Mortgagers of Negroes and Slaves, or those deriving under them, heretofore used to fend off from this Iffand, by Way of Merchandize or otherwise, several Negroes and Slaves, by them held and enjoyed under the Titles aforesaid, to the great Prejudice of the Mortgagee, his Heirs or Assigns, and of him, her, or them to whom such Negroe Slave or Slaves ought to descend

or come after the Determination of such particular Effate as aforesaid : For Re- Clause to remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tenant, by the Courtesy of England, Tenants in Dower, whilst a Widow, or any Second ing Negroes or other Husband of such Tenant in Dower, or any Tenant for Life or Years, oft'this island. or any Mortgager, or any Person claiming by, from, or under him, shall fend off from this Iffand (except by Order of Law) or otherwise dispose of any Negroe or Slave, held, enjoyed, or possessed by him, her, or them, by the Courtesy of England, in Dower, or for Life or Years, or by any Mortgager, or other Person claiming by, from, or under a Mortgager, without the Consent of the Mortgagee, his Heirs or Assigns, or of him, her, or them, in Reversion or Remainder, or of him, her or them to whom such Negroe or Slave, after the Determination of such particular Effate, should come to or descend, he, she, or they so offending as aforesaid, shall, for every Negro or Slave so sent off from this Iffand, forfeiton Penalty of the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Mortgagee, or others claiming under 1001' him, her, or them, or him her or them in Reversion or Remainder, or to whom such Negroe or Slave should or might come after the Determination of such particular Effate.

V. And whereas very great and many Inconveniencies have for some Time past arisen, and do daily arise to the Inhabitants of this Island, particularly to the Inhabitants of the three Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal and Kingston, by reason that several Slaves belonging to unknown Persons in this Island are clandestinely allowed, and do daily frequent the carrying on a private Trade, either on their own Accounts, or on Account of their Owners or Employers, for Arms, Ammunition, Provisions, and other Necessaries; and also to hire themselves out to work for a shorter or longer Time, and for their so doing, to pay to their respective Owners or Employers certain daily, weekly, or monthly Allowances; which oftentimes occasion them (if they cannot get Work or Employment) to commit Thelts and Robberies to raise Money to satisfy the Contracts and Agreements made with their Owners to Employers; to the manifest Decay of Trade, and the Ruin and Destruction of several Inhabitants of this Island : for the Prevention whereof for the future, be it enacted by the Governor,

Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of March next ensuing, no Negroe, Negroes hir-Mulatto, or Indian Slave shall hire themselves out to work, either afhoar, or on board any Ship or Vessel, Boat, Wherry, or Canoe, in any Harbour, Creek, without Con-Bay, or River in this Island; or offer themselves to hire without the Licence orowners'tobe Consent, Privity, Knowledge, or Direction of their respective Owner or Owners, whiptat the or the Person or Persons who have or hath the immediate Care, Government D&retion of and Direction of such Slave or Slaves, under his, her, or their own Hands, ina MaSllbate* Writing, first had and obtained for such particular Work as the said Slaves shall respectively hire or offer to hire themselves, and testified by one or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the Parish or Precinct where the Owner or Owners,

120

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 67.

1719.

Penalty on letting of Houses to Slaves; and on suffering them to work for Hire.

Justice, upon Complaint of Huts, (SV. being erected, shall order them to be pulled down.

Owners, Employer or Employers of such Slave or Slaves do or shall inhabit; every such Slave or Slaves so offending, shall be whipt at the Discretion of any Magistrate in the Parish or Precind where such Slave or Slaves shall offer themselves to hire (without such Licence, as aforesaid) not exceeding one and thirty Lashes : And that if any Justice of the Peace, upon Complaint to him made upon Oath, shall neglect or refuse to put this Law in Execution, he shall for every such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds of current Money of this Island; one Half to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the fame; to be recovered in his Majesty' Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, in which Suit no Essoin or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

VI. And whereas several Inhabitants of this Island do suffer and encourage the aforesaid Slaves not only to build Cottages, and Huts, in the Savannahs and waste Grounds, but also do let or hire Houses, Cottages, Huts, or Lodgings unto the aforesaid Slaves by the Day, Week, Month, Quarter, Year, or other greater or lesser Term, who are suffered and permitted by their Owners and Employers to work and employ themselves in what Manner and wheresoever they shall think fit, provided they pay their Owners to Employers a certain Sum of Money daily, weekly, monthly, or yearly; which hath oftentimes occasioned several Thefts and Robberies, in order to comply with their Contracts and Agreements, and to save themselves from the Severities of their Masters and Mistresses (nay, even by them encouraged thereto) to satisfy their unreasonable Demands; which Practices have been found very prejudicial to the Inhabitants of this Island, such Slaves having for some Time past been countenanced and protected as well by their Masters and Mistresses in such their evil Doings, as by those who rent them Houses or Lodgings: For the Prevention whereof for the future, it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers of any such Slave or Slaves, or any other Inhabitant of this Island, shall, from and after the said First Day of March, set, let, or hire any Houses, Cottages, Huts, or Lodgings to any such Slave or Slaves, or shall permit, encourage, or countenance them, or any of them, to build any Dwelling-house or Houses, Cottages, or Huts, in any Towns, Savannahs, waste Grounds, Lanes, Roads, or Paths in this Island, in order to hire themselves out to work, or to carry on any Trade, Shop, or Employment; or shall wittingly, willingly, or knowingly suffer any such Slave or Slaves to hire themselves out to work, or to follow any Trade or Employment without such Licence as aforesaid; or shall contract or agree with any such Slave or Slaves for any certain Sum of Money; or other Thing whatsoever, by the Day, Week, Month, or Year, or any greater or lesser Time, and to go abroad where such Slave or Slaves shall think fit, in case they comply with their Agreement; every such Owner and Owners, Employer and Employers of any such Slave or Slaves, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, having the Care or Direction of such Slave or Slaves, shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds of current Money of this Island : One Moiety, or Half Part thereof, unto our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer or Informers, or him, her, or them who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, in which Suit no Essoin or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Complaint made to any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Precind, where such Offence shall be committed, of the letting up or building any such Dwelling-house or Houses, Cottages, or Huts, in any Town, Savannah, waste Grounds, Lanes, Roads, or Paths, or of their having been already built or erected; every such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and impowered and required forthwith to order and direct, by Warrant for that Purpose, to all or any the Constables of the said Precind, such Houses, Cottages, and Huts to be pulled down and destroyed j and upon Neglect or Refusal, such Justice of the Peace

shall

1 21

Act 67, 68. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

shall forfeit the Sum of.fifty Pounds current Money of this Island: One Moiety 1719.

whereof Wall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the — v

Support of the Government of this Wand, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Wand, in which Suit no Essoin or Wager of Law Wall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to encourage the Settling the North-eafi Part of this Island.

WHEREAS the greatest Part of the Tract of Land within the Bounds represented by the Plat hereunto annexed, situate in the several PariWes of St. Thomas in the East, and St. George, lies wholly unsettled, though it hath been granted by his late most gracious Majesty King Charles the Second, in several Parcels, to divers Inhabitants of this Wand, in order to settle the fame paying thereout certain Rents to his Majesty and his Successors; for a good Part whereof no Quit-rents have been paid to his said Majesty or his Successors, from the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred ninety and two, to the first Day of February, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three, or within Eighteen Months afterwards: And the present Owners and Proprietors thereof do not reside within this Wand, nor have any Effects to answer such Quit-rents; whereby not only his Majesty is deprived of his said Quit-rents due thereout, but also the Land lies wholly waste and uncultivated, and is thereby become a Receptacle for runaway and rebellious Negroes.

II. And whereas there is good Reason to believe that many Persons, with their Families and Slaves, would remove hither and settle amongst us, could they be secure of Land in Proportion to their Families and Slaves; which would tend very much to the enriching as well as Security of this Island, and augmenting the Trade of Great Britain: For the Encouragement whereof, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this his Majesty's Wand of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all Lands within the above Lands owned mentioned Tract, whereof the Owners or Proprietors do not reside in this Wand, by Persons nor have any Effects in the fame, to answer the Quit-rents, and for which no Quit- on °h^ rents have been paid since the Feast of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in the Year and have not of our Lord One thousand six hundred and ninety two, or within Eighteen Months after the First Day of February which was in the Year of our Lord One may be grant-thousand seven hundred and three, and that have not paid Quit-rents for the fame tr°n°lh^f before the Beginning of this Session of Assembly, or that shall not, within Thirty er *' Days after the passing of this Act, pay the Quit-rents for the fame, shall be vested in his Majesty and his Successors, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after expressed; that is to say, That the Governor for the Time being do, and he is hereby impowered and obliged to grant all Lands forfeited or vested by this Act, or by any other Ways or Means whatsoever, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Manner and Proportion following, viz. To every white Person, being a Protestant, that settles and dwells on the said Tract, thirty Acres of Land; for every white Person he or she hath in Family, being also Protestants, and for every free Mulatto, Indian, or Negroe, twenty Acres of Land; and for each Slave he or they shall bring with them, and put and keep upon the said Tract, five Acres of Land, and no more.

III. Provided, That no Person, not having fifteen white Persons in Family, pf0V;f0. that dwell thereon, shall have above Four hundred Acres in the whole, under this Proviso and Condition, that they, their Heirs, or Assigns settle and plant the fame, or some Part thereof, within Six Months from the Date of their Patent; and that such Patentee, or his Heirs, shall not dispose thereof in Seven Years after the Date of such Patent, either in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided always, That any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, Woman under Coverture, or Person of unfound Memory, shall settle and plant

H h thereon

1721.

- J

Act 68.

122

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 68.

172J.

Persons obtaining such Lands obliged to settle and plant upon the fame within 12 Months.

[Proviso.]

Guardians to settle the Lands of Infants.

No Lands to be conveyed to Infants but by lad Wills.

Lands vested in the Crown, may be regranted.

Clause in a former Act suspended for three Years.

Directions for Provost-mar-ftial to proceed upon a Writ of Ef-cheat.

thereon within one Year after such Person shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or Woman under Coverture shall become foie, or Person of unfound Memory shall become Compos Mentis.

V. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all present Owners and Proprietors of any Land within the above mentioned Tract, their Heirs, or Assigns, shall be obliged to settle and plant upon the fame, or some Part thereof, and go forward with such Settlement, without Intermission, within Twelve Months from and after such Time as Twenty Settlements shall be made within the aforesaid Tract of Land, and an actual Re-survey thereof made, or shall forfeit the same to his Majesty and his Successors, to the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are the Lands hereby declared forfeited for Non-payment of Quit-rents; and to be granted likewise in the same Manner and Proportion, and under the fame Conditions and Provisoes, as are above mentioned touching the same.

VI. Provided always, That any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, Woman under Coverture, or Person of unfound Memory, shall settle and plant on the fame in Manner aforesaid, within one Year after such Person shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or Woman under Coverture shall become l'ole, or Person of unfound Memory shall become Compos Mentis.

VII. And in order to encourage Settlements in the said Tract, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Guardian or Guardians of any Infants, having Lands within the said Tract, shall and may, for the Use and Benefit of such Infants, improve and settle any Parcel of Land within the said Tract belonging to any such Infant , and that the Charge of such Improvements shall be allowed of in his or their Accounts.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Owner or Possessor of Lands within the said Tract, shall convey or make over the same to any Infant, otherwil'e than by last Will and Testament, under any other Limitation than are the Lands to be granted within the said Tract.

IX. And whereas divers Parcels of Land within the above mentioned Tract are become escheated or escheatable to his Majesty or his Predecessors, and other Parcels thereof have been surrendered back unto the Crown, and some Part of the said Land have never been granted out of the Crown: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's 111 and of Jamaica, do, for the Encouragement of the Settling the abovesaid Tract of Land, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j be it therefore enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island, and it is hereby accordingly enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Governor for the Time being be, and is hereby impowered, and shall also be obliged to grant in his Majesty's Name, his Heirs, and Successors, all Lands within the above mentioned Tract, vested in your Majesty by any of the last above mentioned Ways or Means, in the same Manner and Proportion, and under the fame Provisoes and Conditions, as is above mentioned concerning the Land forfeited or to be forfeited by this Act for Non-payment of Quit-rents.

X. And whereas by an Act, entituled, An Act for 'Prevention of Law Suits, it is, amongst other Things, thereby enacted and declared, That in all Writs of Escheat thereafter to be granted, the Provost-marshal be commanded to enquire by a Jury of Twelve free and lawful Men upon their Oaths (they then being oil the Premisses) the true Value of all and singular the Real Estate, which any Person so dying without Heirs, was at the Time of his Death seised of: And whereas it appears both difficult and expensive for a Jury to go on several Parts of the above mentioned Trad of Land j be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That that Part of the said Clause- relating to the Jury's being on the Premisses when they are to find an Escheat, be, and is hereby suspended for the Space of Three Years, for and in respect to any Escheats hereafter to be found within any of the above mentioned Tract of Land only : And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Provost-marshal, upon any Writs of Escheat to issue within three Years next after the passing this Act, for any Lands within the said Tract, to summon a Jury in any of the three Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal, and

Kingston,

Act 68. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

.23

Kingston, to enquire if the said Land be escheated to the King, and rtin.ll return fudi Inquisition to the then next Grand Court; upon which Inquisition and Return, if found for the King, Judgment shall pals for the King, unless a Traverse be then entered, which Traverse shall be tried the next Court after, and Judgment affirmed.

Xh And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever Judgment bc-Judgment shall pass for the King upon any such Writ of Escheat to issue within the Time aforesaid, and for any Parcel of Land within the said Tract, the said fJCh vvm, to Land shall be, and is hereby declared to be absolutely veiled in his Majesty, his ^rallPerfotls Heirs, and Successiors, to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and that such Judgment shall be, and it is hereby declared to be a perpetual Bar to all Persons whatsoever, having or pretending to have, or claiming Right or Title to the fame; any thing in this Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fora further Eneou-Per<°ns ragement of settling the above mentioned Tract of Land, all Lands hereafter to be Gramfof such granted within the same, in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, shall be ac- Lands, dif-quitted and discharged of and from all Arrearages of Quit-rents due for the^Arfear^of fame, to the Date of the respective Patents; and all Grants and Patents to Quit-rents, be granted of any. Land within the said Tract, shall be without Fee or Reward,

or other Charge; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is further enacted, That all Settlers within the said Tract shall be and S^'jfrs

from all I iivps

freed from all Manner of Taxes and Charges, both General and Parochial, what-for 7 Years, soever, for the Space of Seven Years, Quit-rents only excepted.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the bet- ^made of ter ascertaining the respective Bounds to the several Parcels of Land heretofore thefa;dLands, granted within the above mentioned Tract, a Re-survey be made by 'Jonathan and returned Shaw, Michael Rivers, and Nicholas Hol/l} Surveyors, or any Two of them, office^" within Twelve Months from the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveni- fcfc.

ently may be, not exceeding Eighteen Months in the whole; and in case of the Death or Inability of any Two of them, then by any such other Surveyor or Surveyors as the Governor for the Time being shall appoint: which Re-survey shall be returned under the Hands and Seals of the said Surveyors, or any Two of them, and recorded in the Secretary's Office of this island within Three Months after the flnifliing the said Re-survey; which said Re-survey so recorded, as aforesaid, shall be conclusive to, and ascertain the Bounds of each individual Plat between Party and Party within that Tract; and that after such Re-survey made and recorded, all present Owners and Proprietors in the above mentioned Traci, their Heirs and Assigns, shall pay their several and respective Proportions and Shares of the Charge of such Re-survey to such Surveyors : And in order to compleat the fame, the Governor or Commander in Chief is hereby impowered to appoint such a Party or Parties of Men to attend the said Surveyors, or barrack them near the said Settlements, as he shall think fit: And that Fifty Acres of Land be reserved and laid out by an Eastand West Line, for a Town to be built at Pattifons Point; and that the Governor for the Time being is hereby impowered, and shall be obliged to grant to ail Merchants and Traders, and their Heirs, that may be willing to build within the said Town; and to all and every Person or Persons, and their Heirs, who shall make any Settlement within the above mentioned Tract of Land, Forty-five Foot in Front, and Ninety Foot of Land deep in the said Town.

XV. And for a further Encouragement for People to come and settle on the Surveyors to said Tract of Land, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver- tbheirTroub^ general for the Time being shall, out of any Fund or Funds in his Hands unap- and the propriated, disburse and pay the said Surveyors according to the Laws of this Coun-

try, for their Labour and Pains in and about the said Re-survey; and also shall of Persons disburse and pay the Passages of all such as have or shall come over to settle on the coming to set-Encouragement of this Act on the said Tract of Land, as shall require it; and paid by Re-6

like wife ceiver-general, &c.

124

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 68.

1721.

likewise supply sufficient Plantation Provisions for them and their Slaves for six Months, or borrow Money at Interest, not exceeding Twelve Pounds per Cent, for Interest, for the said Uses, which shall come over within Two Years; which said Sums so to be expended or borrowed by him shall be allowed or made good by this or any future Assembly.

XVI. And whereas it would tend much to the Encouragement of People to settle on the said Tract of Land, to have the Path or Road from Plantain Garden River to the River Grandee cleared and opened, and be a mighty Discouragement to the rebellious and runaway Slaves residing and inhabiting within that Tract of Land : Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Road or Path be laid out,

A Road to be or the Old Road or Path be cleared and kept open at the joint Charge of both the Charge of the Parishes of St. Thomas in the East and St. George, and that the Justices and Vestry Parishes of St. of each Parish do immediately proceed to the clearing of the said old Road, or the laying out or during of a new one, so as to make the fame pr.ffable both for Man and Horse.

XVII. And whereas it is necessary, for the Safety and Protection of such as shall come and settle on the said Tra<ft of Land, that there should be a sufficient and proper Tract of Land together and adjacent, veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses aforesaid, to lie most convenient for the Reception of the said Settlers : And whereas the following Parcels of Land near Port Antonio and River Grandee, viz. One thousand Acres, formerly belonging to Whitgijt Aylmer, but surrendered; One thousand and fifty Acres, lately belonging to iW-cholas Esmith; One hundred and eighty Acres, lately belonging to John Shewed• Two hundred and ten Acres, to John Cope; and adjacent to which two last Parcels are One thousand Acres of King's Land; Three hundred Acres, lately belonging to R. Fidler; One thousand Acres to Nicholas Smithy sold to Lord Vaughan; One thousand ninety four Acres to Nicholas Richatdson, sold to Edward Stanton, but recovered by Nicholas Richardson; One thousand Acres, lately belonging to Francis Mingham; One thousand Acres to John Moon; One thousand Acres, lately belonging to Edward Haljled, but measures two or three thousand Acres, now in the Possession of Mr. Lawrence Haljlead; Anthony Teates, One hundred eighty Acres; Roger Stevenson, One hundred sixty Acres; John George, Four hundred and fifty Acres; William Gray, Three hundred Acres; Robert Weston, One hundred eighty Acres; and also several Parcels of Land bounded on Rio Grandee; John Whight, One thousand Acres; William Vincent, Five hundred and ten Acres; Thomas Marty n. Five hundred Acres; John Yeomans, Two hundred and ten Acres; Nicholas Smith, Five hundred Acres; Tho?nas Pearson, One thousand five hundred Acres; William Womach, Five hundred sixty Acres; Jane Williams, Four hundred Acres; Reginald Wilson, One thousand Acres; John Ashly, Sixty Acres; Captain Howard, Two hundred and Ten Acres, viz. One hundred and twenty, and Ninety Acres; George Gallop,. One thousand Acres; William and John Doves, One thousand; Sir Charles Littleton, One thousand three hundred Acres; Capt. Nicholas Smith, One hundred Acres; Be it there-

Commission- fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ezekiel Gomerfall, Peter Beck-forpurchafing^ and Andrew Arcedekne, Esquires, shall and are hereby appointed Commis-the said reck- sioners to treat with the Owners and Attornies, and agree for the Price of all and every the said recited Parcels of Land that are not already veiled, or shall not hereafter be verted in his Majesty by Forfeiture, Escheat or otherwise, as aforesaid : and upon such Agreement made, and Report to the Receiver-general, he is hereby required and impowered to pay for the fame out of any Fund or Funds unappropriated, or raise Money at Interest, at Twelve Pounds per Cent, per Ann. which shall be made good to him by this or any future Assembly; which said Lands so to be purchased, from and after the Payment of the said Purchase-money, shall be, and are hereby declared to be verted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are the Lands forfeited or forfeitable by this Act, for Non-payment of Quit-rents, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever. Provided, That not above a Fifth Part of the said last mentioned several Parcels of Land shall be granted to any Person or Persons j eliding in this Island.

ed Lands

Act 57.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1 - 5

XVIII. And whereas a few Persons are already come to this Island, on the 1721. Encouragement of the Governor's Letter, to settle amongst us; which is since con- J

fidcred by the Assembly, and by them resolved, That as they have been here some Time on Expences, that an Allowance be granted them, that they may the better quit themselves of their present Engagements of Abode, as well as enabling them to discharge their Debts, otherwise' they cannot embrace the Opportunity of settling at Port Antonio, now given by this Act: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-general, immediately after clause forRe-the passing of this Act, do pay unto the Commissioners herein before appointed, ^ead^omc"5 a Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, out of the Money now arising by ro7erje on virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act to impose Duties on fever a I Commodities, to this Hland. defray the extraordinary Charges of the Government, and applying the same to several TJfes, passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty, by them to be distributed amongst such new Comers as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, for the Purpose aforesaid.

An Act to impower the Par ip totters of the Par ip of Kingston to ereEi prober Buildings for a Court-House a?td Exchange, at the Charge of the Inhabitants of the said Parip.

WHEREAS by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Act 69.

Island, entituled, An Act for making Kingston a Paris h, it has been (for the Encouragement of Trade and better Regulation of the said Town) enacted and ordained, That there should he erected, established, and held in the said Town a Quarter-session for the Conservation of the Peace, and a Court of Common-Pleas, for the speedier and ealier determining of Differences: And whereas it is highly necessary and convenient that there should be proper Buildings erected, as well for holding the said Courts of Justice, as the meeting of Merchants and others for the better carrying on of Commerce and Trade: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of famaica> beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of King- justices may son, or the major Part of them, shall, on any Day they shall think convenient, ^yaTax_on meet, and lay an equal Pound-rate, or such other Tax as they shall think pro- tams Q{ King-per, on the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for the erecting and building properfion forbuild-and convenient Buildings for a Court-House and Exchange, for the Uses aforesaid, so as the said Pound-Rate or Tax do. not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and that a Roll of the said Pound-Rate or Tax so made, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Constables of the said Parish, with a Warrant thereunto annexed, signed by any Two Justices of the Peace for the said Parish, impowering him or them to levy the said Pound-Rate or Tax, and upon Refusal to distrain the Goods or other Effects of him so refusing; and the Distress so taken to fell at publick Outcry, first giving Five Days Notice of the Place and Hour of the intended Sale, by affixing up an Account thereof, at the most noted and publick Place in the said Town of Kingston, and the Money thereby arising to pay into the Hands of the Church-wardens for the Time being, who are to return the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner thereof, after Deduction of Three Pence in the Pound for levying the fame; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

I I

An

126

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Acryo.

1721- An Act to fuss end a Clause in cm AB, entituled, An Act for ascertaining, establishing, and more speedy collecting her Majesty's Quit-Rents; and for the future Ease of the Inhabitants of this If and) and better discovering his Majesty's ^uit-rents.

Act 70* \T7 HE R E AS by an Act, entituled, An ABjor afccrlaining^ establishing, and more speedy collecting her Majesty's 5^uit-Rents, passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three, it is therein and thereby, among other Things, enabled, That for the more ready collebling her Majesty's Quit-rents from thenceforth to become due and payable, all Owners and Proprietors of Land within this Island that should thereafter alien, fell, or convey any Part or Parcel of Land to any Person whatsoever, the said Buyer and Purchaser of such Land should and was thereby required, within the Space of Three Months after any such Alienation, Sale, or Conveyance, to give an Account of the same to the Receiver-General, or his Deputy, in Writing, expressing his own Name, the Name of the Parish, Quantity of Land, and the Person of whom he purchased the fame, and the Bounds thereof respectively, to the Intent the Receiver-General might know from whom the Quit-Rents from that Time became due and payable, under the Penalty that such Purchaser should forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds: And whereas the said Clause in the said Act has been since found to be inconvenient, and the Ends thereby proposed not fully answered, in regard no mention is made therein of Patents for Land hereafter to be granted, so that his Majesty is nothing the more ascertained from whom the Quit-rents of Land become due: For Remedy whereof, and to the End his Majesty's Quit-rents may be ascertained, and the Inhabitants eased of the Penalties and Forfeitures already incurred by virtue of the said Clause, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Secretary to Day of December next, the Secretary of this Island for the Time being shall be. Receiver-ge- an^ ls hereby impowered, obliged, and required to transmitto the Receiver-General a Dock- neral for the Time being, or his Deputy, a Docket of all and every Deed or Pa-Deeds and Pa tent ^or ^and which shall be brought into his Office (to be recorded within tents of Land Twenty Days after the fame comes into his said Office) therein setting forth the brought into Name of such Purchaser or Patentee, and the Name of him or them that con-is Office,bf<r. vey the Lands, the Name of the Parish, Quantity of Land, and the Buttings and Boundings thereof: to the Intent the Receiver-General may know from whom the Quit-rents for that Time become due and payable, for which he shall a(k, demand, and take seven Shillings and six Pence, and no more; that is to say, two Shillings and six Pence for his own Trouble in transmitting such Docket to the Receiver-General, as aforesaid, and five Shillings for the Receiver-General, as is in the before recited Act directed to be paid him, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of Twenty'Pounds current Money for every NegledL Clause in a

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the before recited fufended^for ^au^e *n the (a^ Act be> and is hereby suspended for and during the Term of three 3 Years. Years, to commence from the seventeenth Day of October lad pad: And that all Actions already brought or commenced against any Person or Persons whatsoever, and now depending, or which shall be brought, prosecuted, or commenced against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or by Reason, or upon Account of the before recited Clause, shall be, and are hereby discontinued without Cods : And all Penalties and Forfeitures so incurred, as aforesaid, by virtue of the said recited Clause, be and are hereby remitted and released to all and every Person or Persons whatsoever. Provided, That every Person or Persons, who have neglected to give such Account to the Receiver-General, or his Deputy, of all Deeds since the passing of the said Law, and before the fird Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and twenty two, shall give such Account as is hereby directed > then, and in such Case, .they shall be indemnified from all or any the Penalties

and

Act 7l. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

127

and Forfeitures in the said recited Clause mentioned, otherwise they shall he 17: still liable to fufter for the fame; any thing in this Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And to the Intent this Act: may be made publick and known for the future,

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the several and This Act is <0 respective Parishes within this Island shall, at the first Quarter-sessions of the ^kmade pub' Peace to be held after the passing this Act, cause it to be published, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every such Justice who shall neglect his or their Duty herein; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of

this Island for the Time being be, and is hereby required to transmit a Copy of acnus to have this Act unto the Church-wardens of the several Parishes in this Island within a Copy ot it. thirty Days after the passing the fame; and that he have and receive for his Pains the Sum of Ten Shillings of current Money of this Island for each Copy, to be paid by such Church-wardens out of the Parish Stock.

An Act for the more easy obtaining of Partitions of Lands, Tene-

ment s^ Negroes, and other Her edit aments, Te?iancy in common, and Coparcenary.

in f oint-tenancy,

HERE AS the Proceedings upon Writs of Partition between Copart-Act 71. tiers at the Common-Law, Joint-tenants and Tenants in common, are found by Experience to be tedious, chargeable, and oftentimes ineffectual, by reason of the Difficulty of discovering the Persons of those who have undivided Part'; and Purparts of such Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments to be divided, and the defective and dilatory executing and returning of Process, and other Impediments in making and establishing of Partition, whereby several Parcels of Land lie altogether uncultivated, unsettled and unmanured, to the great Prejudice of several of his Majesty's good Subjects of this Island, as well as the Hinderance of the further settling of the fame: For Remedy whereof, We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of November, After Process One thousand seven hundred and twenty one, after Summons or other Process in 1,1 Partu, 'l ls

j returned crc

Partition returned, and Affidavit made by the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or court may a-Deputies, or by any other Person, of due Notice given of the said Writ of Par-ward a Petition to the Tenant to the Action, or to the lawful Attorney or Attornies, Agent ^Tenant in or Agents of such Tenant (if to be found within this Island) whose Power is the Action, proved and recorded in the Secretary's Office of this Island one Month at least ^c' docs not before the issuing forth of such Writ or Summons in Partition; and where the Tenant to such Action is not, nor cannot be found within this Island, or any Attorney or Attornies of his, whose Power is proved and recorded, as aforesaid, to the Tenant in Possession or Occupier of such Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments, whereof the Partition is demanded, if any such there be other than the Demandant; and in Cafe there be none in Possession but the Demandant, then a Copy of such Summons or other Process in Partition being left on the Premisses fourteen Days at least before the next ensuing Court, if the Tenant or Tenants to such Writ, or the true Tenant to the Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or other Hereditaments, shall not appear, or cause an Appearance to be entered in such Court where the said Writ is returnable, then ill Default of such Appearance, the Demandant having entered his Declaration, the Court may, and are hereby required and impowered to proceed to examine the Demandant's Title and Quantity of his Part and Purpart, and according as they shall find his right Part and Purpart to be, they shall for so much give Judgment by Default, and award a Writ to make Partition, whereby such Proportion, Part, and Purpart may be set out severally; which being executed and returned, and thereon final Judgment entered, the same shall be good, and conclude all Persons

appear.

128

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 59,60.

1721. Tons whatsoever, whatever Right or Title they may have, or claim to have in

- any the Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments, mentioned in

the said Judgment or Writ of Partition, although all Persons concerned are not named in the Proceedings, nor the Title of the Tenant or Tenants truly set ' forth.

3yifo.

II. Provided always, That if such Tenant or Person concerned, or either of

them, against whom, or their Right or Title, such Judgment by Default is given, shall within the Space of one Year from- the entering the first Judgment, apply themselves to the Court where such Judgment is entered by Motion, and shew a good and probable Matter in bar of such Partition, or that the Demandant hath not Title to so much as he hath recovered, then, and in such Case, the Court may suspend or let aside such Judgment, and admit the Tenant and Tenants to appearand plead, and the Cause shall proceed according to the due Course of the Law, as if no such Judgment had been given 3 and if the Court upon hearing thereof, shall adjudge for the first Demandant, then the first Judgment shall hand confirmed, and be good against all Persons whatsoever, and the Person or Persons so appealing shall be awarded thereupon to pay treble Costs3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

1722< An Act for establishing a perpetual Anniversary Fajl on the Twenty-

eighth of August.

Act 72. WHEREAS it hath pleased Almighty God, on the Twenty-eighth of August-> the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twelve, and on the same Day in this present Year, justly to punish the Inhabitants of this Island by two most dreadful and amazing Storms, which not only laid waste the Estates and Habitations of the Inhabitants in general, but also destroyed some Numbers of People near the Sea-coasts: Now therefore, that so signal a Visita-tion may be had in perpetual Remembrance, and that we and our Posterity, by humbling ourselves, may endeavour to appease the Almighty's imminent Wrath, and prevent more tremendous Judgments 3 we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Afltmbly of this your Island of "Jamaica. do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 be it be therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's annually kept Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the as a Day of fame, That every twenty-eighth Day of August (unless it falls out to be on the Hujnifiation. Lord's Day, and then the Day following) shall be for ever hereafter set apart to be kept and observed by all the Inhabitants of this Island, as ail Anniversary Day of Falling and Humiliation 3 and that all and every the Inhabitants aforesaid, shall upon the said Day annually resort to some publick Place of Worship, where Prayers and Preaching are used to be ministred, and there orderly and devoutly abide during the Celebration of Divine Service, by Prayers, Preaching, singing

JVfn'fler to &C'

Notice U- And to the End that all Persons maybe put in Mindgf their Duty therein, the Sunday and be the better prepared to discharge the fame with that Piety and Devotion preach that becomes them, be it further enacted, That every Minister shall give Notice Sermon to his Parishioners in the Church or other publick Place of Divine Worship at Occtfion°d5Ve Morning Prayer the Sunday preceding every such twenty-eighth Day of Angnjl, ' ' for the Observation of the said Day, and that he provide a Sermon suitable to that

Occasion 3 and that in such Parishes where there is no Minister, this Act shall be published annually in the Sessions next, before the twenty-eighth Day of Augujly as aforesaid.

No Work to

III. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, neither by themselves, Servants, or Slaves, shall kept open, do c>r cause to be done any Manner of Work in his or their Trade, Calling, or

Planta-

Act 72,73. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1 29

Plantation; and that no Shop, Tavern, Coffee-House, or Punch-House, be kept open on the said Day, on Penalty of forfeiting Forty Shillings for every 1 erson, by himself, Servant, or Slave, so offending as aforesaid; to be recovered before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby required and impowered to award the fame; one Half of which Forfeiture shall be to the Churchwardens, for the Use of the Parish; and the other Half to the Informer, or him, her, or them that shall sue for the same.

1722.

tice

H

its,

ibat

He

4

or

ita-

An Act for preventing the Frauds, and regulating the Abuses in

1Trade.

WHEREAS it hath been a Practice of late in this Island, for Importers to fell several Goods and Merchandizes of the Growth of Great Britain, Ireland, and America, by Invoice and not by Weight, and by false Measures; which Practice tends to the Encouragement of Fraud and Deceit in that Sort of Trade: To the Intent a speedy Stop may be put to the Continuance and Growth of such Practices for the future, We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the first Day of July, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, shall sell or expose to Sale any Boards or Timber of any Kind, of the Produce of any Island or Colony in America, which shall not hold out in Measure according to the Number of Feet they shall be marked to contain; that then such Boards or Timber which shall be so wanting in Measure, shall be measured by a sworn Measurer to be appointed by the Justices in Sessions at the two Towns of Port Royal and Kingston, and shall be burnt and destroyed by the Cryer of the Parish for the Time being, who shall be paid by the Church-wardens, out of the Parish Stock for the fame, five Shillings per thousand for each thousand of Boards or Timber which he shall so burn as aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the Time aforesaid, shall sell or expose to Sale any Staves or Shingles that shall be imported into this Island, from any Colony in America, of less than the following Dimensions; that is to say, Staves for Hogsheads or Pipes, not less than forty-two Inches in Length, and four in Breadth; and Shingles, not less than the Length of eighteen Inches, and the Breath of five Inches; and if such Staves shall be less than forty-two Inches in Length and four Inches in Breadth, or Shingles less than eighteen Inches in Length and five Inches in Breadth, that then such Staves or Shingles shall be burned and destroyed by the Cryer of the Parish for the Time being, who shall be paid by the Church-wardens out of the Parish Stock for the fame, five Shillings per thousand for each thousand of Staves or Shingles which he shall so burn as aforesaid: And in case the Owner or Importer of such Staves, Boards, and Shingles shall delay, refuse, or deny delivering the same to the said Cryer, for every Hour he shall by such Delay, Refusal, or Denial prevent the Execution of this Law, he shall forfeit Forty Shillings; to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace : And every Cooper, or other Person, that shall make or expose to Sale any Hogsheads of any Staves that shall not hold out in Breadth and Length as herein before is directed, shall, for every such Hogshead he shall so sell or expose to Sale, forfeit Thirty Shillings; to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace; one Moiety of which said Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, and the other to him or them who shall inform or prosecute for the same.

III. And whereas the Inhabitants of this Island are defrauded by those who import and fell Liquors in Bottles which hold not near the Quantities they are said to contain; be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted and ordained

K k ' by

Act 73.

Boards, &e. wantirg of the Measure they are marked to contain, to be burnt by the common Cryer.

The Dimensions of Staves, ts'e. to be sold here.

Liquors fold in Bottles which hold not full

Quarts,

forfeited.

I3°

1722.

/YV

Goods sold by Invoice which ought to be sold by Weight, forfeited.

Act 74.

A new Road to be cut from Westmoreland Parish to St; James' s.

A Survey of which Road shall be taken, and returned to the Commissioners.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act73,74.

by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, all Bottle-Liquor imported into this Island in Bottles, and for Sale, which shall not hold full Quarts or Pints, shall be forfeited to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the same shall be offered to Sale.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of July, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty-three, fell or cause to be sold any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever by Invoice, which ought to be sold by Weight, under the Penalty or Forfeiture of the Goods so fold and delivered by Invoice; to be applied, the one Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Goods shall be fold, the other Half to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the fame; to be recovered before any two of his Majesty's Juffcices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for laying out a Road from a Place, called the Cave, in the Parish of Westmoreland, over the Mountains, to the North-east Part of the same Parish, or to the West End of St. James'*, as the Commissioners ftjall think most convenient.

WHEREAS the present Highway, from the Cave, in the Parish of West-moreland, to the North-east Part of the same Parish, is very inconvenient and dangerous, both by reason of the Quicksands along the Sea-shore, the Un-paffableness of the Road in the rainy Time of the Year, the several dangerous Rivers that Travellers are obliged to wade through, and the Length of the Way, proves very inconvenient and dangerous to the several Inhabitants of the said Parish, who are obliged to travel it at all Times of the Year on publick Services: And whereas, by several credible Persons that have travelled in the Woods between the Cave, in the Parish of Weslt?ioreland, and the West End of St. yarneds, it hath been found that a more commodious and shorter Way may be cut through the Woods, from the Cave over the Mountains to the North Side of the said Parish : And it being requisite, as well for his Majesty's Service in conducing speedy Succours to each Place, as a Means of a speedy Correspondence between the North and South Sides of this Island, and likewise of great Use to your Majesty's liege Subjects, that a publick Road be laid out from the Cave aforesaid to the North-east Part of the same Parish, or the West End of St. James's, as the Persons hereaster appointed shall think most convenient: Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That a new Highway or Road shall be with all convenient Speed run, cut, and made, leading from the Cave in the Parish of West-moreland, over the Mountain to the North-east Part of the same Parish, or the West End of St. James's, as the Commissioners, or any two or more of them hereaster named, shall think fit and convenient.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the said Road hereafter named arid appointed, or any two or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby impowered and required to admirifter an Oath to the Surveyor of the Highway, or Way-wardens of the said Parishes, forthwith, upon the Return of the Surveyor or Surveyors, to run and lay out the said Road or Highway to the Commissioners, or any two or more of them, in this Act to be hereafter named, which said Surveyors are to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them; and after such Return to be made and delivered by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Commissioners, or any two or more of them, the said Commissioners are to deliver the same to the Way-wardens of the Highways, who shall thereupon forthwith proceed to the Execution and Discharge of their several and respective Duties, as is hereby required which said Highway shall be cut sixty Feet in Breadth, and well cleared by the Way-wardens, with such Number of Negroes belonging to the said Parishes

where

t

ts

1 0:

F

1 ,n

ti

to

he

IV,

I mil I Slot son 1

Cc hi out, M I toe;

m j High

I liter 1 ! wifi I rizd hk 1

iter*

f«t:

witni

r6'<

&ce.

Act 74.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

whetc the said Road shall be found to extend, as by the said Comm'{boners, or 1722. any two or more of them, shall be thought convenient; and the said Highway or — v — Road being so cut and cleared, shall lor ever after be deemed'and taken as a publick Road, and shall, as often as Occasion requires, be maintained, repaired, cleared, and kept in good Order by the Way-wardens of the said two Parishes of Westmoreland and St. James, so far as the said Road shall be found in either of the two aforesaid Parishes to extend.

III. And to prevent allDisputes which may arise about the Bounds of the two Parishes aforesaid, or otherwise touching the Execution and Performance of this

Law, be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Peter who are to Beckjord, John Moor, and John Lewis, Esqrs. Mr. Francis Acres, Mr• John Bla-^Jj^ls grave, and Mr. Hugh Kirkpatrick, jun. or any Two or more of them, be and are hereby appointed Commissioners, to insped find take care of the due Execution of this Act; which said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall and are hereby required to meet at Queen s Town, in the Parish of Westmoreland, on the Thirtieth of January next, or within twenty Days after, and there to choole and appoint one lawful and sworn Surveyor, who shall immediately proceed to the running out of such a Path as by this Act is appointed, with the most Conveniency to the Publick, and the least Prejudice to any particular Person, from the Cave in the Parish of Westmoreland, to the North-east Part of the said Parish, or the West End of St. James' j and shall run out and fix the Bounds of the said Parishes, according as the fame is appointed by a former Act of this Country for the Division of the said Parishes; and the fame so ascertained shall be marked with distinguishing Marks on good and durable Timber, and forever be kept and maintained, and the said Marks to be cut in good legible Characters, and the same shall always be deemed as the Boundaries of the said two Parishes and which the said two Parishes respectively are hereby obliged to clear and for ever maintain : And in case the Surveyor or Surveyors to be chosen by the Commissioners, or any two or more of them respectively, shall neglect or refuse immediately to proceed to the running out the intended Path and Line aforesaid, that then and in such Case he shall respectively forfeit Fifty Pounds; and the Surveyor is hereby further required, as soon as he hath finishedthe said Path or Line, to make a Return to the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, who shall cause the same to be recorded by the Clerk of the Peace of either of the said Parishes; and that the said Surveyor shall be paid by the Church-wardens of each Parish for the Work by him done on Account of each Parish, as shall be adjudged by the Commissioners aforesaid, or any Two or more of them, to be paid out of the Parish Stock respectively, together with all other the Charges, to the respective Officers for putting this present Act in Execution, not herein before provided for.

IV. And it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the said A Copy of Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, having received the Return of*ohr^sRUe7uern"to the Surveyor as aforesaid, shall cause two Copies of the same to be fairly drawn be delivered out, one. whereof they shall forthwith send to the Way-wardens of the Parish of eap^ °(jithe Westmoreland, and the other to the Parish of St. James, with their ftrieft Orders ancj tiJ Road to each and every of them in Writing, that they respectively, as before in this finished with-Ad is appointed, immediately proceed to the cutting down and clearing the said ^,I2Months' Highway, so as the fame may be compleated and finished within twelve Months

after the passing this Act: And for the better effecting thereof, the said Way-wardens of the said Parishes, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized to issue out their Warrants to the Constables and Tythingmen to warn all the Inhabitants of the said Parishes to furnish such Number of able Negroes, together with such a Number of white Men Drivers to oversee them, as shall be appointed by the Commissioners in this Act mentioned, or any Two or more of them; together with such Tools, Provisions, and other Necessaries, as shall be thought by them needful for bringing in the said Work, and finishing the fame within the Time herein limited and appointed : And whosoever shall neglect or refuse to fend his or her Proportion of able working Slaves with such Tools and Necessaries as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more

132

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 74,75

1722.

Penalty on Way-wardens neglecting "their Duty,

and on future Way-wardens.

and Surveyors, &c.

Penalty on

Constables, &c. neglecting their Duty.

Application of Penalties.

of them, shall for every Slave so wanting pay Three Shillings and Nine-Pence per Day; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, as in all Cases cf Forty Shillings; any thing in this, or any other Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And if the said Way-wardens, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to do his or their Duty in cutting or clearing the said Highway to the Extent of their respective Bounds, as is hereby appointed, he or they so offending, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island.

VI. And in case the said Highway shall be neglected, and not maintained in good Repair by succeeding Way-wardens, he or they that shall so offend therein, shall respectively lie under the Pains and Penalties provided in an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Highways.

VII. And if any Surveyor or Commissioner by this Act appointed shall neglect his or their Duty touching the Premisses, or any Part thereof, he or they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And if any Constable or Tythingman shall neglect his or their Duty, they shall respectively forfeit Twenty Pounds: All which said Forfeitures herein before mentioned, shall be one Half to the Informer, or to him or them that shall sue for the fame j and the other Half to the Commissioners, or any of them, for the Use of the said Highway : And all Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, not exceeding Forty Shillings, shall be recovered by the said Commissioners, or any of them, before any Justice of the Peace; and if above that Sum, by Action of Debt in any Court of Record in this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for settling the North-east Part of the If and.

Act 75. TXT HERE AS all the Land within the Bounds represented by the Hat \\ hereunto annexed, situate in the several Parishes of St. Thomas in the East and St. George, lies wholly unsettled, though most Part of it hath been granted by his late Most Gracious Majesty King Charles the Second and his Successors, in several Parcels, to divers of their Subjects, with a Design that the fame should be settled and manured, and the Rents reserved in the said several Grants duly paid: And forasmuch as little or none of the said Rents have been hitherto paid, nor is there any Part of the said Tract of Land so granted, cultivated, or manured, nor are there any Settlements thereon, whereby his Majesty is defrauded of his said Rents, and the Consideration for granting the said Lands evaded: And whereas divers Parcels of Land within the said Tract are now vested in the Crown, by Escheat, Surrender, or otherwise, so that the whole is become a Receptacle for rebellious and runaway Negroes and Slaves, to the great Discouragement of the Peopling and Settling this Island, and Expence of the Inhabitants in supporting and maintaining Parties to suppress rebellious and runaway Negroes > yet the Proprietors of such Parcels of the said Land as are net now in the Crown, little regarding your Majesty's Interest, the Good and Welfare of this Island, or the Advantage of it made to your Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, but proposing unreasonable Gain to themselves, neglect paying the Quit-rents due to your Majesty, or settling or cultivating their or any of Their several Parcels of Land within the said Tract, although they and each of them well know that the said Pieces or Parcels of Land were given and granted to them or their Ancestors with an Intent and View of their being settled, in pursuance of his late Majesty King Charles the Second's Proclamation, but have like-wife neglected or refused to treat and agree with the Commissioners nominated and appointed in an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act to encourage the Settling the North-east Part of this Island> for purchasing such Parcels of Land within the said Tract as were judged net'eflary to be veiled in your Majesty, your Heirs, and Successors, for the Uses in the said Act mentioned : And whereas it is necessary, for the Safety and Piotedlion of such

as

Act 75. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

133

1722.

as shall be inclined to settle on the said Tract of Land, that there should be at least Thirty thousand Acres, in which twenty Acres of the Eastermost End of Ru-ther's or Ly"cb's island, for the eroding a Town and Fortification, shall be included, together and adjacent, butting and bounding Part Westerly on River Grandee, Easterly on Part of the said Trad, Southerly also on other Part of the said Trad, and Northerly on the Sea, laid out and allotted for the Conveniency of beginning a Settlement on the said Trad of Land : And forasmuch as such Part of the said Thirty thousand Acres so judged proper to be allotted for the Encouragement and Commodity of the first Settlers, as is the Property of some of your Majesty's Subjects, is worth Five Shillings, current Money, per Acre, and no more, to be sold : Be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Clause for your Majesty's Hland of ‘Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That such Part of the said Thirty thousand Acres as is part of the not already vetted in your Majesty, be, and the fame and every Part thereof is 3°.°°°tAcres hereby vetted and declared to belong to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, ready vested to and for the Uses and Purposes in this Act hereafter mentioned. in him.

II. And because several Controversies and Debates may arise touching and concerning the respective Interests of the Proprietors and Owners of all or any the Lands within the Bounds of the said Thirty thousand Acres, as to their several Demands, and the respective Sums their said several and respective Parcels of Land shall amount to, according to the Valuation aforesaid: And to the end that all Controversies and Disputes touching the Premisses may in an easy and summary Way be determined, and each Man's Right and Interest appear, and to ascertain the Quantum that each Man's particular Estate or Interest in all or any the said Lands will amount to, according to the above Valuation of Five Shillings per Acre; be c it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That William Cross, Esq; Deputy Receiver Esq- impow-General, or the Receiver, or Deputy Receiver General for the Time being, are ered to deter-hereby successively impowered, authorized, and shall and may summarily deter- ™"ee,aJ^.g mine, by Inspection of Deeds, Writings, Records, and otherwise, at his Discre-concerning tion, all and all Manner of Rights, Estates, and Interests; and all Controversies Land> and Debates that may happen to arise concerning the Premisses, or any Part thereof, and shall have Power to fend for any Person or Persons, and oblige them to produce upon Oath their Deed, Writings, or Title relating to any of the fame; and the said William Cross, or the Receiver, or Deputy Receiver General for the Time being, are hereby required and obliged to cause all their Judgments and Decrees to be fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, in which Judgment the Number of Acres, or Parcel of Land, with its Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of every Person or Persons interested respectively in the fame, the respective Sums of Money the fame amounts to, according to the aforesaid Valuation; and such Judgments and Decrees so made shall be final, and conclude all and every Person and Persons j any Disability, Incapacity, Law, Custom, Usage, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And to the Intent that all and Angular the Proprietors aforesaid may be paid for their respective Estates and Interests, all and every Sum and Sums of Money which the same shall amount to in Manner as aforesaid, first deducting the Quit-rents due to your Majesty, to be accounted from the last Payment of Quit-rents, if any has been paid, and where none appears to have been paid, from the Date of their respective Patents; be it enacted, That the said Commissioners and toallPer-succesiively, as aforesaid, do, and they are hereby required and impowered, immediately after such Decree or Sentence, as aforesaid, to pay for the said Parcels deducing the respectively such Sum and Sums of Money as the same shall amount to respect Quit-rentsdue tively (first deducting the Quit-rents due to your Majesty, which they are hereby 10 1S a]e y' required and impowered to do) out of any Fund or Funds unappropriated in their Hands, or to take up Money at Interest, at Twelve Pounds per Cent, per Annum, which shall be made good to them by this or any future Assembly; and the said Commissioners successively, as aforesaid, are hereby required and obliged to take Acquittances from the Parties, indorsed in their respective Judgments, for


134 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 75.

1722. the particular Sum he shall so pay, in which Acquittance he shall also set forth v-' how much he retained for your Majesty's Quit-rents.

IV. And to the Intent that the Owners or Proprietors of all or any the said several and respective Parcels of Land may not be kept out of, or delayed in the Payment of the several and respective Sum and Sums of Money, becoming due to them for their respective Estates and Interests in the Premisses; it is hereby de-^eEstatesarec^are(^ anc* eliactech That the said Commissioners successively, as aforesaid, shall, valued at, to and they are hereby required and obliged, under the Penalty of One thousand atel^fcjv P°un^s> upon Application to him or them made by all or any of the said Propri-ypai ' f'etors, within Twenty Days after such Application, to publish his Judgment and Decree of and concerning such Proprietor's Estate and Interest in the Premises in Manner as aforesaid : And that in case the said Commissioners successively, as aforesaid, shall delay paying any the Proprietors such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be due to them, as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, such Proprietor shall have and receive Interest, from the Date of such Judgment and Decree, for his Money, at and after the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Cent, per Annum, until he is paid what shall be due to him, as aforesaid.

To whom, V. And be it further enacted, That Twenty Acres at the least of Ruther's or whatCondi- Lynch's Island, and all other the Land vested in your Majesty by virtue of this tions, the Act, and so much more of the Land in the Parishes of St. 'Thomas in the Raft, are tobe^CrCS anc* St. George's, adjoining to Port Antonio and Pattison's Point, as will amount granted. to, and make up Thirty thousand Acres, butting and bounding as aforesaid, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be absolutely vested in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after expressed j that is to say, to the Intent and Purpose that the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being shall, and he is hereby impowered and obliged to grant the said Thirty thousand Acres, and every Part thereof, under the Broad Seal of this Island, in Manner and Form following, viz. To every white Person demanding it, and to his Heirs who shall dwell and settle thereon, thirty Acres for himself, and the like Quantity for every white Person he hath in Family; for every free Mulatto, Indian, or Negro he shall bring with him, twenty Acres; and for every Slave, five Acres, and no more, under this Proviso and Condition, that such Patentee, and his or her Heirs, shall settle and plant on the fame, or some Part thereof, within Six Months after the Date of such Patent, and go forward with such Settlement without Intermission.

[Proviso.]VI. Provided, That no Person not having above Fifteen Whites in Family

shall have above Four hundred Acres; and no Person who hath any Part of the said Thirty thousand Acres granted to him shall pass for, or be taken to be of any other Man's Family within the Intent and Meaning of this Act; nor shall any one who passes for one of another's Family, and on whose Account any Part of the said Thirty thousand Acres hath been granted, be entituled to any Part of the said said Thirty thousand Acres; and all Grants to be made to any such Persons are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Grants, &c.

VII. And all and every Gifts, Grants, Bargains, and Sales to be made by any Acres within Person or Persons> or his Heirs, to whom any Part of the said Thirty thousand 7 Years after Acres shall be granted, within Seven Years from the Date of his Patent, of any obtaining Part of the said Land so granted unto him and his Heirs, shall be, and the fame em' V01 is hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, whether such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, or Alienation be in Possession, Rever-fion, or Remainder.

VIII. And for the further Encouragement of the settling of the Tract of Land described in the Plat hereunto annexed, it is convenient and necessary that a Town or Towns should be built on that Part of the aforesaid Thirty thousand Acres, commonly known and called by the Name of PattiJoris Pointy or upon Part of the Twenty Acres of Ruthers or Lynch's Island, hereby vested in your Majesty,

said Acres ap-as aforesaid} Be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your the buildhTt0 Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority of the of6 Towns?* fame, That Fifty Acres at the said Patti Jon's Point, together with the said Twenty Acres on Ruthers or Lynch's Island, be allotted for a Town or Towns j and that the

Act 75.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*35

the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being be, and he is hereby 1722. Required and obliged to grant unto any Person or Persons, his and their Heirs, — — j

who shall build thereon within Six Months after the Date of such Grant, any Lot or Part of the said Piece of Land not exceeding seventy Foot in Front, and one hundred and fifty in Depth.

IX. Provided always, That Grants and Patents of the said Footland, andp,'ov'lfo-all other Grants and Patents of all or any the Lands to be granted in pursuance of

this Act, unless the fame be built upon and settled, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That two hundred and fifty Acres, adjoining z;o Acres to to the said Piece or Parcel of Land so intended for a Town or Towns at Pattifons^Tow^in^ Point, be for ever hereafter taken, deemed, and reputed as a Common belonging tended to be to the said Town or Towns, and the fame is hereby declared to be a Common buil,r> and to

• • t Qg deemed

belonging and appertaining to the said intended Town or Towns accordingly ;common. and that the fame, and every Part thereof, be for evermore unalienable by your Majesty, your Heirs or Successors, to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XI. And to the Intent that the Bounds of the said Thirty thousand Acres may

be ascertained and known, be it enacted, That Henry Nelson, 'Jonathan Shaw, Surveyors ap-and Michael Rivers, Surveyors, or any Two of them, do, within Six MonthsPoin‘ed to lay after the passing this Act, survey and lay out so much of the aforesaid Lands will amount to, and make up the full Compliment of Thirty thousand Acres, in Manner and Form as herein before is expressed, and likewise survey and lay out Fifty Acres for a Town or Towns to be built on Pattijoh s Point, and also the Twenty Acres on Rut hers or Lynch s Island, and two hundred and fifty Acres for a Common, for the Use of the said Town or Towns, in which said Survey the _ said Surveyors shall really run and make the several and respective Lines, according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act of this Country, entituled, An Act for further dire Bing and regulating the Proceedings of Surveyors, and under such like Penalties as in the said Act are expressed, for not marking the Corner-trees; and in case of the Death or Disability of the said Henry Nelson, Jonathan Shaw, and Michael Rivers, Surveyors, or any of them, to survey and lay out the fame, as aforesaid, then by such other Surveyor or Surveyors as the Governor for the Time being shall nominate and appoint; which said Survey so made and done,

shall be returned by the said Surveyors, or any Two of them, under their Hands and Seals, into the Secretary's Office of this Island, and there recorded by the said Secretary, in which said Survey and Return shall be mentioned and expressed the several Grantees or Patentees of all or any the Lands within the Bounds of the said Thirty thousand Acres; and such Survey so made, or the Record thereof,

shall for ever hereafter be taken and deemed to be the Bounds of the said Thirty thousand Acres, and of the Footland for the said Town or Towns, and of the Common, and shall be conclusive and bind all Persons whatsoever; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. For which said Survey the said Surveyors shall be paid by the Receiver-Surveyors to general in Proportion, as is directed by the Laws of this Country, out of any ofbe Paid b>\_ the Fund or Funds in his Hands unappropriated, or take up Money at Interest,nml at Twelve Pounds per Cent, per Annum, for Payment of the fame, which this or

any future Assembly shall make good to him.

XIII. And forasmuch as it is requisite and necessary that the said Surveyors should be guarded and protected whilst they are surveying the said Thirty thousand Acres, and Town or Towns, and Common, in Manner as aforesaid, and that they should have sufficient Slaves to assist them on the said Survey, by clearing

the Lines, and for building necessary and useful Barracks on the said Land; Ee3n£j 2QNe-it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful for thegroe slaves Commanding Officer, in each of the Parishes of St. Thomas in the East and Sf. PaJah^tcT'assist: Georges, and he is hereby obliged and required to order and send out of each of them on the the said Parishes Twenty a'oie Negro Men Slaves to attend on the said Surveyors Survey-for the Purposes aforesaid, during such Time as they shall be surveying the Land

and

136 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 75,76.

1722. and Premises aforesaid. Provided, That not above one Negro Slave for every — Y' — ' fifty Negroes be sent out of any one Plantation, which said Negroes before they be sent out shall be valued by the said Commanding Officer.

XIV. And to the Intent that the Soldiers belonging to his Majesty's independent Companies in this Island should be sent out as a Guard to the said Surveyors; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-general for the Time vide Necessa-being be, and he is hereby obliged and required to provide all Necessaries for the ries for Sur- said Surveyors, Soldiers, and Negroes, during such Time as they shall be em-veyors, &c. pi0yecj jn or about surveying the said Thirty thousand Acres and Premises; and likewise in case of the Death of any of the said Soldiers or Negroes in that Time, provide or pay for a Recruit in the Room of such Soldier so dying, and the Value of every Negro that shall die, to the Owner thereof, out of any Fund or Funds in his Hands unappropriated, or take up Money at Interest at Twelve Pounds per Cent, per Annum, to pay the same.

In Default of

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Lands within the Tract described by the Plat hereunto annexed, other than the said Thirty thousand Acres, for Lands to be which the Quit-rents, from the Feast of St. Michael,the Archangel, in the Year the Croftedin ^ne ^oufand six hundred and ninety-two, or within Eighteen Months after the first Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and three, have not been paid, or that shall not be paid within Six Months after the passing of this Act, shall be, and the fame, and every Part thereof, are hereby declared to be absolutely veiled in your Majesty, your Heirs, and Successors.

Persons own-

XVI. And all and every Person and Persons having or claiming any Lands wuh^the said w^'in t^ie Tract, other than the said Thirty thousand Acres, shall be, and is Traa, to hereby obliged and required to make a Settlement on each Parcel he so hath or ment wbhin claimeth, within Two Years next after twenty Settlements are begun on the abovesaid Thirty thousand Acres, and go on with the fame without Intermission; and in Default of such Settlement, every Parcel of Land which shall not be settled accordingly, although the Quit-rents should be paid, as is herein before directed, shall be veiled in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, either for Non-payment of Quit-rents, or for not settling the fame, as aforesaid, together with all other Lands within the said Tract, other than as aforesaid, that by any Ways or Means whatsoever are now vested in the Crown, shall be granted in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner and Proportion, and under such Provisoes, Conditions, and Restrictions as the herein before mentioned Thirty thousand Acres are to be granted, and not otherwise; any Law, Cu-flom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. couragement"

XVII. And in regard the first Settlers on the said Twenty Acres of Ruthers or of Settlers. LyncE.s Island, and the said first Thirty thousand Acres, may labour under some Difficulties j in order therefore to afford some Compensation and Encouragement, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, not having already a Plantation or Settlement in this Island, who shall, within the Time prefixed, settle or begin a Settlement, either on that Part of the said Island, or within the said Thirty thousand Acres, every such Person or Persons so settling as aforesaid, shall, during the Space of Three Years, be exempted and freed from all Assembly or publick Taxes, as well as Parochial Taxes whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

the Time herein prefer! bed.

An Act for dividing the Parish of Westmoreland into two dist'mEl Parishes, for the Ease of the Inhabitants.

Act 76. \ \ T WHEREAS the Parish of Westmoreland is of such large Extent, that the W Inhabitants, without long Time of Warning, extraordinary Fatigue, Loss of Time, and great Expence, cannot conveen and appear on publick Occasions, either at Church, Election of Members to serve as Representatives in Assemblies, choosing Church-wardens or Vestrymen, laying on Taxes, appointing Surveyors, and many other Privileges, as Subjects of E^glujid, are thereby loft: And whereas the

Act 76,77. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*37

the Quantity of Land, Number of Settlements, and Inhabitants contained in the said Parish, are sufficient for two separate and distinct Parishes; Be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of and for this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said Parish of Westmoreland be divided, and is hereby divided into two separate and distinct Parishes, in Manner following j that is to say, That such Part of the said Parish as lieth on the South-fide of the Place commonly called and known by the Name of Negril by North, by a dividing Line to be carried directly from Negri I aforesaid, unto King's Valley River, where the King's Road, leading to the North-fide of this Island, cuts the said River, and from thence, by a due East Course, to the River called Great River, shall be a distinct and separate Parish, to be called and known by the Name of the Parish of Westmor eland; and to the Northward of the said Place called Negril by North, by such dividing Line as aforesaid, unto the South Bounds of the Parish of St. James, shall be a distinct and separate Parish, and is hereby called and to be known by the Name of the Parish of Hanover; which said two Parishes shall be for ever hereafter taken and esteemed, to all Intents and Purposes, two distinct Parishes, separate from each other, and be respectively called and known by the Names of the Parishes of West-moreland and Hanover, and respectively have, use, exercise, and enjoy all and every the Powers, Authorities, Benefits and Privileges, Rights, Immunities and Customs, that all or any of the Parishes or Precincts within this Island have, or ought to have, use, exercise, or enjoy of common Right, or by virtue of any general Act or Acts of this Country, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if they had been two distinct and separate Parishes or Precincts, and therein by Name expressly mentioned and specified; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it may be .supposed that the Parish of Westmoreland, before the separating and dividing thereof, was indebted and in Arrear in taxing, levying, and paying some publick Debt or Sum of Money; and whereas there is already, before the dividing of the Parish, as aforesaid, Money taxed, collected, or paid to the Church-wardens or Constables, therefore be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church-wardens which shall be next chosen for each of the two several and respective Parishes shall have and receive, sue for and recover such Proportion of the Money already taxed, levied, or paid, as was taxed, levied, collected, or paid in or by the Inhabitants of the Parish of Hanover before they were divided; and that each of the said Parishes shall raise Money according to the Proportion aforesaid, for the Payment and discharging such publick Debts as were due from the Parish of Westmoreland at the Time of dividing the fame into two separate and distinct Parishes; any Law, Custom, or Usage in any wise to the contrary notwithstanding.

1723.

The Parish of

We n,more land divided into two Parishes.

Monies already duly collected, (etc. to be divided between the two Parishes.

An Act for clearing Rio de Cobre.

WHEREAS the River called Rio Cobre, or the Town River, that pasteth Act 77.

by St. Jago de la Vega, is, for several Miles together about the Caymanas, stopt up, and hath wholly loft its own Channel, by means of the late terrible Hurricane and the extraordinary Floods, and by the Abundance of Trees and great Quantities of Rubbish that hath been fallen above upon the said River, and upon other small Rivers and Gullies that fall into the fame, whereby the Road leading that Way from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and Parish of St. Catharine, to the Parish of St. Andrew and Town of Kingston, may become dangerous, and in a great Measure obstruct the Communication by Land, not only between the said Towns and Parishes, but also between the Leeward and Windward Parts of this Island: Be it enacted therefore and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, be hereby impowered to issue out a Commission in the Nature of a Commission of Sewers, under the Broad Seal of this Island, thereby constituting and appointing Nine good and sufficient Freeholders, such as the Governor or Commander in Chief, as afore-

M m said,

Governor, £3V. to appoint Commissioners, who may lay a Tax on Persons whose Estates are bounding on the River.

138

Commission-cr's Oath.

Penalty on their refusing to ad.

Penalty on throwing any Rubbish into the River.

Commissioner's Allowance.

Their Power.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 77.

said, with the major Part of the Council, shall think fit to nominate and choole out of the Parishes of St. Catharine and St. Andrew, whereof Five shall be a ^no-rum, one of which shall be a Justice of the Quorum', thereby giving and granting unto them, or any Five or more of them, full Power and Authority to act'efs, lay, and receive a reasonable Tax upon and from the Lands, Negroes, and Cattle, of upon all or any of them, as to the said Commissioners, or to any Five or more of them, shall seem just and convenient, of all Persons whatsoever, who have any Lands bounding any ways upon the said River, from the Plantation of Sir "John Molesworth, Bart, commonly called Cow Park, unto the Mouth of the said River where it falleth into the Sea, or upon whosoever shall receive any Advantage by clearing the said River, towards the clearing the old Channel, or turning the present Course of it some other Way, by cutting a new Channel, as upon a due Purvey of the Premisses shall seem most necessary, and which may be done with the least Charge or Prejudice to any Person 3 and that the Limits of the said Commission to tax, be and extend upon all the Lands bounding on both Sides or either Side of the River, from the Plantation of Sir John Molesworth, Bart, commonly called Cow Park, unto the Mouth of the said River where it falleth into the Sea.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Person as shall be named a Commissioner in the said Commission, after he hath Knowledge thereof, shall take his corporal Oath to lay a reasonable Tax upon all the Lands, Negroes, and Cattle, or upon any of them as aforesaid 3 and that he will, to the best of his Skill and Knowledge, execute the said Commission 3 which Oath shall be taken before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, or before whom, by the King's Writ of Dedimus Potestatem, he shall appoint, or before the Justices of the Peace in the Quarter-sessions of the Precincts where any of the said Commissioners shall reside; and whosoever of the said Commissioners shall refute to act as such, according to the Direction of the said Commission, or to take the said Oath, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

III. And further. That whosoever shall wilfully fell any Trees, or cast, or suffer the same to be cast, as also any Cane, Trash, or other Rubbish whatsoever into the said River, or into any other River or Gully that shall come into the fame, whereby the said Stops shall be any ways increased, shall forfeit for every such Offence the like Sum of One hundred Pounds 3 both which Forfeitures shall be, one third Part to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other two Thirds to whomsoever shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island, by Information or Action of Debt, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, towards the Expence of preventing the overflowing of the said River, or towards the cutting of a new Channel, as aforesaid 3 and that each of the said Commissioners that shall meet and fit, as aforesaid, shall, for each Day they so lit, receive towards their Expences Five Shillings per Die?n out of the said Monies, to be levied as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners unto whom the Commission, as aforesaid, shall be directed, or any Five or more of them, by virtue of the said Commission, and of this present Act, shall have full Power and Authority to fee, survey, and view the said Lands, which by Occasion of the said Stops, and the several Breaches made in the Banks of the said River, do use to be overflown, or any Part of them 5 and all the said Lands, or their several Owners who possess any Lands, Negroes, or Cattle within the Bounds and Limits aforesaid, to tax, rate, assess, and charge with such Sum and Sums of Money, as well for the present clearing of the old Channel of the said River, or for the making a new, if it shall be found necessary, as also for the keeping of it clear after it shall be cleaned or turned another Way 3 and that the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall and may make and appoint diligent and able Surveyors, Collectors, and Overseers, and such other Officers as they shall think fit, to survey and oversee, and to levy, receive, and lay out the Money to be levied and expended in and about the Premisses, and to do and execute whatsoever shall be needful and expedient to be done therein, according to the Directions and Orders which shall from Time to Time be prescribed by the faji

Commit-

T39

Act 77,78. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and to allow them for their Pains 1723. what shall be thought reasonable: And also, that it shall and may be lawful for g- — v — <* the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to command the taking of any Cart, Wain, Negroes, or Wain-Cattle of any Person within the Bounds and Limits of the said Commission, to help towards the clearing and removing the Premifies, or towards the making a new Channel.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided always, That the Owners of such Carts, Wains, Negroes, or Wain-Cattle are not then making Sugar, and that they take not above eight Negroes out of every fifty Negroes which are on any Plantation or Pen within the Bounds aforesaid, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Number of Negroes, for the Space of any one Week out of a Plantation, and a Wain, Cart, or Wain-Cattle for the same Time} and that the Owners of such Carts, Wains, Negroes, or Wain-Cattle, that shall be io taken and employed, be allowed out of their respective Taxes what shall be thought reasonable for the Hire of them by the said Commissioners, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be Commission-lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Warrants

under their Hands and Seals, to give Authority to any Person or Persons to levy tors, &c. the said Sums of Money by them from Time to Time to be assessed upon the Persons, Lands, Negroes, or Cattle, or upon all or any of them, as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person or Persons that shall not pay, or refuse to pay the same, and the Overplus of the Value rising upon such Sale shall return to the Owner of the fame; and in Default of such Distress, to be taken and fold, it shall and may be lawful for such Collectors as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to sue the Factor or Attorney of such Person or Persons as have Lands lying within the Limits aforesaid; and that all Constables and Marshals be aiding and assisting in the levying all such Taxes as shall be assessed and levied as aforesaid, and that they receive Six-pence in the Pound for levying the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action Persons sued or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for taking any Distress, or

Sale of the fame, or for turning the Course of the River through any Person's pIead the Ge^ Land, or for cutting a new Channel through the fame, or any other Thing done neral Issue. by the Authority of this Act, the Defendant in such Action or Suit shall plead this Act in bar, and thereupon Judgment shall be given for the Defendant.

An Act for encourag'ing White People to come over and becojne Set-tiers in this Island, a?id for the more easy and speedy settling the North* Raft Part thereof

WHEREAS, from the Situation of this Island among so many potent Act 78, and dangerous Neighbours, it is found necessary that all due Encouragement should be given to White People to come hither and settle, in order not only to protect and defend it against such its Neighbours in case of any Rupture with them, but also to improve and cultivate the waste Lands therein, which will likewise add to the Trade as well as the Strength thereof, and be a great Security to this Colony, which by its commodious Situation for Trade, the Fertility of its Soil, and other many natural Advantages, is of the utmost Consequence to the Interest of the Crown of Great Britain, in this Part of Americaj We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the xAflembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, having sincerely at Heart the Good and Welfare of this your Island, and the carrying on and perfecting so good a Work, which mull certainly not only enrich and secure this your Majesty's Island, but also considerably augment the Trade of Great Britain, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the Governor,

Council, and Aflkmbly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica j and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That in order to encourage all 1000l. appro-such Persons as shall come over upon the Credit of this Act to become industrious, fnalfd torth,e

q 1 \ Settling of the

° and Island.

Act 78.

140

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1723-

Clause of Credit.

New Comers to be supplied with Provision.

Limits of the Parish of Portland.

This Act not to take any Lands from St. George's Parish.

Privileges of the Parish of Portland.

and Settlers and Planters in this Island, and more particularly in the North-East Part thereof, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, Part of the Fifteen hundred Pounds herein after to be raised, shall be applied to purchase Lands, according to the Intent, Meaning, and Direction of an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, made in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, entituled, An Act for settling the North-East Part of the If and; which said Land shall be granted to such new Comers and others who shall settle, according to the Di-redtion of the said Act.

II. And that William Cross, Esqj or the Receiver-general for the Time be* ing may be supplied with the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds to purchase the said Land, and provide for such new Comers as herein is directed, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William Cross, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, shall and may borrow and take upon Loan at Interest, at and after the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Cent, per Annum, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, which the Person or Persons so advancing the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be repaid out of the first Money 4:o be raised and applied for that Purpose, with Interest at and after the said Rate; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas such new Comers on their first Arrival may be destitute of the Means to support, till the Land so to be allotted to them be fallen and planted with proper Provisions, and till the said Provisions are grown up and become fit for Use, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William Cross, Esq; or the Receiver-general for the Time being, do, out of the Money arising by the Fund herein after to be raised, or the Money by him or them to be borrowed, as herein before is mentioned, till a sufficient Sum may be raised by the said Fund, provide two Barrels of Beef, and one Barrel of Flour, for each new Comer (Man or Woman) that shall come over and settle within Twelve Months from the first Day of December next, to be delivered at Port Antony's, free of all Charges, and do provide proper Necessaries and Conveniences for their Travelling to the said Tract of Land where they are to settle.

IV. And the better to encourage all such Persons to become Settlers in the said TradtofLand, and for the greater Conveniency and Ease of the Inhabitants therein, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parcel or Tract of Land which is by the said Act for settling the North-East Part of this Island veiled, or to-become veiled in his Majesty, and is bounded North and North-east by the Sea, from the Mouth of White River to the Westward of the Mouth of the River Grandee, thence directly South the Distance of fourteen Miles, then East till it meets Swift River, then up the said River about the Distance of five Miles, thence South-east forty nine Degrees to the Head of Sulphur River, and from thence on a straight Line to White River, and also the Island called Lynch's Island, shall be, and for ever hereaster be taken and esteemed, to all Intents and Purposes, an entire and distinct Parish, separate from the Parishes of St. George and St. Lhomas in the Eaf, and be called and known by the Name of the Parish of Portland.

V. Provided nevertheless, That no Clause or Clauses in this or any former Act shall extend to take into the said Parish any Lands in the Parish of St. George, that are already settled j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And that the Town which is to be built on Pattifons Point, be called and known by the Name of the Town of Litchfield j and that the said Parish of Portland shall have, use, exercise, and enjoy all and every the Powers, Authorities, Benefits, Privileges, Rights, Immunities, and Customs, that all or any of the Parishes or Precincts within this Island have, or ought to have, use, exercise, or enjoy of common Right, or by virtue of any general Act or Acts of this Island, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if the fame had then been a distinct and separate Parish or Precinct, and therein by Name expressly mentioned and specified; and particularly, that there shall be a Parson maintained at the publick Expence of this Island for the Space of three Years, after such Settlement begun there,

who

Act 78. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 14. t

who shall be residentin the said Parish of Portland, and shall be allowed for his 1723.

Maintenance or Salary Two hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, per '----- — J

/inmim, to be paid him quarterly, during the first three Years aforesaid, out of the Fund or Funds already arisen, or hereafter to arise, and unappropriated; and that after the said three Years are ended and expired, the said Salary of Two hundred Pounds per Annum shall be paid him by the several Inhabitants of the said Parish, in like Manner and Form as in and by an Act: of this Island, entitled, An Act for the Maintenance of Ministers and the Poor, and erecting and repairing of Churches, is mentioned and provided; and after the said three Years ended, there shall be chosen two Representatives to serve in AlTemblies thereafter, or after the first Prorogation of the Assembly then in being for the Parish of Portland j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstandin^.

CD

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the first Day of Decern- Quarter-fef-ber, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and 1b1°1hs', to twenty six, for the Ease of all the Inhabitants and People of the said Parish of TitchfelJ. Portland, there be erected, established, and held in the said Town of Titchfield a Quarter-session for the Conservation of the Peace, and a Court of Common-Pleas, with the fame Power and Authority that is or hath been used, held, or exercised in any the inferior Courts in any other Parish or Precind within this Island j which said Court shall be held the first Time on the second Thursday in January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty six, and afterwards once every two Months, and the Sessions every three Months; any thing in this or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the En-Port Antcky couragement of Trade, and the Conveniency of the said Town and Parish, from ^En' and after the first Day of the said Month of December, which shall be in the

Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty six, the Port called Port Antony shall be a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships and Vessels.

IX. And for the further Encouragement of all such new Settlers, in regard Per^s set-they may labour under some Difficulties by reason of their great Distance from parfof the^ the Supreme Court of Judicature, especially at their first: settling the fame, be it island. ex-further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every Person and Per- £57° fons, not having already a Plantation or Settlement in this Island, who shall,

within the Times in the said Act for settling the North-east Part of this Island prefixed, settle, or begin and carry on a Settlement on that Part of the Island hereby erected into and created a Parish, That every such Person or Persons, so settling as aforesaid, shall during the Space of Three Years next after their said Settlement begun, be exempted and freed from all Kinds of Suits, Arrests, and Actions whatsoever, and from all Assembly or publick Taxes whatsoever, and also from all Parochial Taxes for the Space of three Years, from and after the first Day of December now next ensuing; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And whereas so necessary and useful a Work cannot be perfeded without a considerable Charge to this Island, and the Direction and Care of Commissioners, who are Men of Integrity and Skill, to direct, supervise, and manage the fame; be it therefore further enacted by the Authoritj/aforesaid, That the Cufoss for the Time being of the two next adjacent Precincts to the said Land (to wit)

St. Thomas and St. George's, and Richard Batbnrf, Jasper Ashworth, and Robert Hamilton. Esquires, and James Pafsley of the Parish of St. George, Planter, and oners to allot John Le Gay, and Dr. James Milfdon, be and are hereby appointed Commis- Land 10 the sioners, whereof any Three or more of them are to be a fhiontfn, for appointing

and directing Surveyors to ascertain, lay out, and allot Land to each several Settler, after the fame hath been or shall be run out, according to the Direction of the said Act for settling the North-east Part of this Island.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commis- - Commission-sioners aforesaid hereby appointed, or any Three of them, shall be and are hereby impowered and required finally to determine and adjudge all Matters of Dispute putc5) &Cr

N n or

142

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 78.

1723.

Penalty on Commissioners not per-

Act should not receive the Royal Assent.

or Variance, arising between the said new Settlers or Inhabitants, in a summary Manner, without any Appeal, for and during the Space of Three Years next from and after the first Day of December next.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Commissioners are hereby required, within Six Weeks after the passing forming1 their of this Act, and Notice thereof, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of One hundred Datjr- Pounds, to take an Oath before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, or such other Persons, to whom he shall direct his Majesty's Writ of Dedimus Potejlatem for that Purpose, that he or they shall severally and respectively, duly, faithfully, and truly execute and discharge the Duty of a Commissioner, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

r o

demnif*Per"

XIII. And whereas at present it is not known that the Act for settling the

fons settling. North-eaffc Part of this Island hath as yet received his Majesty's Royal Assent, in case this whereby People may be deterred in settling of that Part of this Island, and others discouraged from coming to settle : For the Advancement therefore of so good a Work, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case his Majesty should be pleased to difient to the said Act, so that such as shall go upon the Encouragement thereof, and settle there, be afterwards obliged to quit their Settlement, they shall be paid for every Acre they shall clear and plant within the Tradtdescribed by the said Act, Ten Pounds, and for every Acre they shall have cleared and not planted, Five Pounds, and for every House, Store-house, or Wharf, treble the Value of each House, Store-house, or Wharf, to be valued upon Oath by the Commissioners herein named, or three of them; and for every Negroe, Indian, Mulatto, Man or Woman, that shall die or be loft in that so useful and necessary a Service, Thirty Pounds out of any Fund or Funds already raised and unappropriated, or that may hereafter be raised : And in case there are not Funds sufficient to answer those Ends, that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Receiver-general for the Time being to borrow Money at Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum, to pay the same, which this or any future Assembly will make good; and upon the Receiver-general's neglecting or refuting to pay unto each Person what shall be due or owing as aforesaid, that then, and in such Case, such Person shall be paid such Money, with Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum Interest, until he or they shall receive full Satisfaction for such their Demand.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Pf of the Sums to be paid for any Land so as aforesaid cleared and planted, shall be paid

fame within 6 by the Proprietor or Owner of such Land within two Months after his Majesty's two M°^hs Disallowance shall be known in this Island; and in case he or they shall delay or jen/s DifaL refuse to pay as aforesaid, they shall lose their whole Run of Land; and the Per-Iowance. son or Persons having such Demand, for falling, clearing, planting, or building, shall have, hold, occupy, and enjoy the fame, to him, his, or their Heirs for ever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And in case this Act should like wife be rejected, then this or any future Afiem-bly will pay the same in Manner as is herein before particularly mentioned.

XV. And whereas the Time limited in this Act, entituled, An Act for settli?ig the North-east Part of the Island, for the surveying of the said Thirty thousand Acres, is elapsed; and to the Intent the fame Survey may be ascertained without

Surveyor to Delay; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Surveyors do, and v^TvkhiruS are hereby obliged, within eighteen Months after the passing of this Act, to Months. make a perfect Survey of the said thirty thousand Acres, and also of all the whole Tract of Land called Portland Paris:, by a separate and marked dividing Line, according to the Directions in the said Act. forfek an" to

XVI. Provided always, No Person or Persons shall forfeit any Run or Runs

Lands forgot Land he hath in the said Tract of Land, for not settling in less Time than two

settling in less Years after the said Thirty thousand Acres be actually run out by a separate marked than 2 Years. LjnC} and the twenty Settlements by the said Act to be made, be begun; any thing in this or any other Act mentioned to the contrary notwithstanding.

6

Owners of

An Act 79, So. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*43

An Act for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the Parish and PrecinSi I?20>

of St. Elizabeth.

WHEREAS it very much conduceth to the Ease of the Inhabitants of Act 79* each Parish and Precinct in this Island, that the Sessions of the Peace,

Elections, Courts of Common-Pleas, and Vestries for the said Parishes and Precincts be held and kept in the Places most convenient in and neared: the Centre of each several Parish and Precinct: And whereas the Place of holding the Sessions, Elections, Courts of Common-Pleas, and Vestries for the Parish and Precinct of St. Elizabeth, ever since the dividing the fame into the three Parishes of West-moreland, Hanover, and St. Elizabeth, has been in the Place formerly accustomed and used for that Purpose; which since the said Division is now become near the one Side or extreme End of the said Parish of St. Elizabeth, and is thereby no small Hardship on, and Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, who live as well in the Centre as in the other Side or extreme End thereof, some of whom are at least Fifty Miles distant from the Place where the said Sessions,

Elections, Courts of Common-Pleas, and Vestries are now held : And whereas there is a Court-House now built on Land belonging to the said Parish, in a certain Place called La Covia, which is as near as may tonveniently be to the Middle or Centre of the said Parish; to the Intent therefore that the like Inconveni-encies may be prevented for the future, and for the greater Ease of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Elizabeth, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That for the Sessions of the future all Sessions of the Peace, Elections, Courts of Common-Pleas, or Vestries blhdd^il0 hereafter to be held and kept in and for the said Parish and Precinct of St. Eliza- Covia-. beth, be kept and held at La Covia; and that no Custos, Justice of the Peace, or Vestryman for the said Parish or Precinct of St. Elizabeth, do presume to call, hold, or keep any Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, Vestries, Elections, or Courts of Common-Pleas at any other Place whatsoever in the said Parish, except at La ^herPiace Covia, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of One hundred Pounds current Money on Penalty of of this Island, for each Offence contrary to the Intent of this Act; the said Pe- 1001" nalties or Forfeitures to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island, by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Injunction, Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; the one Half of all such Forfeitures to be to the Ring's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of his Majesty's Government in this Island j the other Half to all and every Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the fame; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church-Church-war-wardens of the Parish of St. Elizabeth do forthwith pay the Charge of passing ^nSQbapay f this Law, and that the fame may be allowed out of the Parish Stock.

Act.

An Act for laying out a Road, from a Place called the Cave, in 1724. the Parish of Westmoreland, to the West End of the Parish of^~* ' St. James.

WHEREAS the present Highway from the Cave in the Parish of West- Act 8a.'

tnoreland, to the West End of the Parish of St. James, by reason of the Quicksands along the Sea Shore, the several rapid Rivers that Travellers are obliged to wade thro', and the Length of Way, which proves very inconvenient and dangerous to the several Inhabitants of the said Parish, and others, who are obliged to travel it at all Times and Seasons of the Year on publick Services and otherwise : And forasmuch as a far shorter, more commodious, and safe Way, may be laid out, from the Cave in the Parish of Westmoreland, to the said West End of the Parish of St. Jamest Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

the

144

The LAWS of JAMAICA. . Act 8o.

A new Road to be cut from the C .ve to St. "James's

which is to be deemed a publick Road, &c.

Commissioners appointed for executing this Act.

Surveyor to make a Return of the Path when laid out, to the Commissioners, isV.

T wo Copies of the Return to be fairly drawn out, and one of them sent to the Way-wardens of each Parish, is c.

the A (Terribly of this your Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Maje-(ly that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That a Highway or Road be, with all convenient Speed, run out, cut, and made, leading from the Cave aforesaid, over the Mountains, to the West End of the Parish of St. James, sixty Feet in Breadth; which said Road shall be well cleared, at the Expence of the respective Parishes through which the same shall run, in such Sort and Manner as by the Commissioners herein after named, or any Three or more of them, shall be thought convenient.

II. And the said Highway or Road being so run out, cut, and made, shall for ever after be deemed and taken as a publick Road; and shall, as often as Occasion requires, be maintained, repaired, cleared, and kept in good Order by the Way-wardens of the Parishes of Westmoreland, St. James, and Hanover, so far as the said Road shall be found in either of the aforesaid Parishes to extend.

III. And to prevent all Disputes which may arise about the Bounds of the Pa-ri(hes aforesaid, or otherwise touching the Execution and Performance of this Law, be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Peter Beckford, John Moore, John Blagrave, Hugh Kirkpatrick senior, John Lawrence, John Graves, Thomas Wollery, Samuel Barnett, Henry Reeves, and Hugh Kirkpatrick junior, or any Three or more of them, be and are hereby appointed Commissioners to put this Act in Execution; which said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and are hereby required to meet at Queens Town in the Parish of Westmoreland, or at such other Place as to them, or any Three or more of them, shall seem convenient, within twelve Months' after the passing of this Act, to choose and appoint a Surveyor, who shall immediately proceed to the running out of such a Highway or Path, as by this Act is appointed, with the most Conveniency to the Publick, and the least'Prejudice to any "'articular Person, from the Cave in the Parish of Westmoreland aforesaid, to the West End of the said Parish of St. James; and in case the Surveyor to be chosen by the Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall neglect or refuse immediately to proceed in the running out of the said intended Highway or Road aforesaid, then he shall, for such Neglect or Refusal, forfeit Fifty Pounds.

IV. And the said Surveyor so chosen and appointed, is hereby further required so soon as he hath finished the said Path or Line for a Highway, to make a Return to the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, who shall cause the same to be recorded by the Clerk of the Peace of each of the said Parishes; and that the said Surveyor shall be paid by the Church-wardens of each Parish for the Work by him so to be done on account of each Parish, as shall be adjudged by the Commissioners aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, out of the Parish Stock respectively, ' together with all other the Charges to the respective Officers for passing or putting this present Act in Execution, not herein before otherwise provided for; and every Church-warden refuting to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be adjudged by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to be paid as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; to be recovered in Manner herein after mentioned.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, having received the Return of the Surveyor as aforesaid, shall cause two Copies of the same to be fairly drawn out, one whereof they shall forthwith send to the Way-wardens of the Parish of Westmoreland, and the other to the Way-wardens of the Parish of St. James, with strict Orders to each and every of them in Writing, that they immediately proceed to the cutting down and clearing the said Highway, £0 as tile fame may be compleated and finished within three Years after the passing this Act: And for the better effecting thereof, the said Way-wardens of the said Parishes, and every of them respectively, are hereby authorized to issue out their Warrants to the Constables and Tythingmen to warn all the Inhabitants of the said Parishes to furnish such Numbers of able Negroes, together with such a Number of white Men Drivers to oversee them, as shall be appointed by the Commissioners in this Act mentioned, or any Three or more of them, together with such Tools, Provisions, and other Necessaries, as shall be thought by them needful for carrying

on

Act (So, 81.

I

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

r45

on the said Work, and finishing the fame within the Time herein appointed; and 1724.

whosoever shall neglect or retufe to fend his or her Proportion of able working -

Slaves with such Tools and Necessaries as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall, for every Slave lo wanting, pay Three Shillings and Nine-Pence per Day; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, as in Cases of Forty Shillings; any thing in this, or in any other Act or Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And if the said Way-wardens, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to Penalty on do his or their Duty in cutting or clearing the said Highway to the Extent of their Way-wardens respective Bounds, as is hereby appointed, he or they so offending shall re- "hel^Duty, spectively forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, current Money of this

llland.

VII. And in case the said intended Highway shall be neglected, and not main- and on ailo-tained in good Repair by the (ucceeding Way-wardens, he or they so offending ther officers* therein, shall respectively lie under the Pains and Penalties provided in an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Highways. And if any Surveyor or Commissi-oner by this Act appoin ed, shall neglect his or their Duty touching the Premisses, or any Part thereof, he or they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds:

And if any Constable or Tythingman shall neglect his or their Duty, they shall respectively forfeit Twenty Pounds: All which said Forfeitures herein before mentioned, shall be one Half to the Informer, or to him or them that shall sue for the lame; the other Half to the Commissioners, or any Three of them, for the Use of the said Highway. 1

VIII. And all Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, not exceeding Forty Shil- Forfeitures lings, shall be recovered by the said Commissioners, or any of them, before any ^e‘°dbe re~ Justice of the Peace; and all above that Sum, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint,

or Information in any Court of Record in this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for building one or more Bridge or Bridges over Rio Cobre, or at the Bog-walk, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale; and repair 'ing the Roads to Sixteen Mile Walk.

WHEREAS, by the Depth and Rapidity of the River called Rio Cobre Act 81.

(which runs cross the common Highways and Roads, from the Parish of St. 'Thomas in she Vale, to the Parish of St. Catharine) and its often Overflowing in many Places, the Highway or Road commonly called the River Road, becomes unsafe to travel; and the said River cannot be passed over without the Hazard of Life and Goods, for want of convenient, good, and sufficient Bridges in the said Highways, to build and erect which there is no Law now in Force; therefore may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of ‘Jamaica, That for Seven Years next following, and no longer, the Hon. Wil- Commission-liam Nedham, John Blair, Thomas Beckford, John Steward, John Kelly, Edward building Charlton, Polyntz Bymdless, Robert Tredwey, John Hitdson Guy, Peter Beckford, Bridges over Robert Nedham, James Haywood, Matthew Gregory, Edmond Kelly, AndrewRt0 Coi"'e Rl* Campbell, Lawrence Halfled, George Reid, James Laws, John Rufjel, John Wallin, and James Hair, Esqrs. shall have full Power and Authority, by Order or Warrant under the Hands and Seals of all or any Eleven of them, to cause to be erected and built one or more new Bridge or Bridges in any Place or Places in the said Highway or Road, commonly called the River Road, or elsewhere over the said River.

II. And also to repair and amend the said River Road, as they, or any Eleven and to amend of them shall judge fit and necessary, and so declare by such Order as aforesaid; le-

and by their said Order to charge, assess, and tax every Inhabitant within the said Vy a Tax to Parish of St .Thomas in the Vale, and such Part of the Parish of St. Catharine as ^efray the lies on the other Side of Rio Cobre; and shall make use of the Bridge or Bridges, thereof6

O 0 so

146

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 81.

ers.

1724. so to be built, to such reasonable Aid and Sums of Money as they, or any Eleven of them shall think fit, convenient, and sufficient to erect and build such Bridge

O

or Bridges, and repair and amend the said Road, or for laying out and clearing such new Road.

The Names of

III. And after such Taxation made, the said Commissioners, of any Eleven so^be writt^nd shall cause the Names of every particular Person so by them taxed to be

in a Roll, written in a Roll; and shall also have Power and Authority to make one or more Collector or Collectors to collect all such Sum or Sums of Money by them set and taxed; which said Collector or Collectors receiving one Part of the said Roll under the Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, shall have full Power and Authority to collect and receive all the particular Sums of Money therein contained; and to distrain every such Inhabitant as shall be taxed, and refuse Payment thereof, in his Negroes, Goods, or Chattels; and to fell such Distress, and out of the Sale thereof retain and receive all the Money taxed, and the Residue (if the said Distress be better) to deliver to the Owner thereof, erstoccmtraft ^nd ^at fa^ Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, shall have full

with Work- Power and Authority to agree and contract with Workmen to build and erect men- such Bridge or Bridges, and for all Materials that shall be by them adjudged material or neceflaryfor the building or erecting such Bridge or Bridges.

Collectors to V. And that the said Collector or Collectors shall pay all the Money taxed C^mmjflbnh anc^7 them received unto the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them; and the said Collector or Collectors, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of them, and every of them, shall make a true Declaration and Account to the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, of the Receipts, Payments, and Expences of the said Sums of Money; and if they refuse so to do, that the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, from time to time, by their Discretion, shall have Power and Authority to make Process against the said Collector or Collectors, and every of them, their Executors and Administrators, and the Executors and Administrators of every of them, by Attachment under their Hands and Seals, returnable before them, or any Eleven of them, at such Time and Place as they shall appoint; and if they appear, then to compel their Account, as is aforesaid, or else if they or any of them refuse so to do, then to commit each of them as shall refu e, to the common Gaol of St. Jago de la Vega, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, till the said Declaration and Account be truly made.

VI. And the Provost-marshal-general of this Island, by himself, or his lawful Deputies, shall truly serve and execute such Process as shall come at their ing Commissi-Hands from the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, according to the oners Process. renor and Effect of the said Process to them directed, without Favour or Affection, upon Pain to make such Fine as shall be put upon them, or any of them, by the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them.

Collectors

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Com-ChargeSnfo bern*'10ners> or any Eleven of them, shall have full Power and Authority to allow allowed them, such reasonable Costs and Charges to the said Collector or Collectors, as by their Discretion shall be thought convenient; and that the said Collector or Collectors by the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them nominated, shall immediately take upon him or them the Duty of Collector or Collectors in such Manner as is herein directed, and proceed to the Collection of the Money so taxed as aforesaid, on Pain of making such Fine as shall be put upon them, or any of them, at the Discretion of the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them.

Commission-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said ers may sum-Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, be, and are hereby impowered and au-tants^fend thorized, at any convenient Time or Times, to issue forth their Warrants to the Negroes to Constable or Constables of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, to warn the feve-iSad*1 ra^habitants of the said Parish, and of such Part of the said Parish of St. Catharine as lies on the other Side of Rio Cobre, and shall make use of the Bridge or Bridges so to be built as aforesaid, to fend one able Negro Man for every fifty Negroes, and so in Proportion for a greater or lefier Number, to be and appear on a certain Day, and at a certain Place therein to be mentioned, in order to work

in

Penalty on Provost-mar (hal not serv

Act 8l.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

J47

in the repairing and amending the said Road, until the same shall be compleated 1724. and made passable.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person penaltyonln-or Persons, upon due Notice given him, her, or them, by Con liable or Confta- habitants not bles as aforesaid, dial 1 refuse or neglect to fend his, her, or their due Comple-

ment Qr Proportion of good able working Negroes, with proper and convenient Tools, he, she, or they so refusing shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings per Day for every Negro wanting; which said Forfeitures shall be recovered by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them; and in case any Person or Persons shall fend his Negro or Negroes without convenient Tools, he, she, or they so offending, shall, for every Day each Negro shall be without convenient Tools, forfeit Five Shillings; to be recovered by Difhefs and Sale thereof, in such Manner and Form as the Money herein before to be taxed is directed to be levied.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of the in Case of Death or Absence from this Island of any of the said Commissioners during the Deatk> &c-Time aforesaid, in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such and so sioners°to™e~ many of them as shall be in this Island, or the major Part of them, to choose one chosen. (

or more Persons in the Room of him or them that shall be dead or absent, and he or they so chosen shall have equal Power and Authority with the other Commissioners, and to all Intents and Purposes be deemed and taken as one of them.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Com- Commission-missioners, or any Eleven of them, have full Power and Authority, and they are ^st!^'°t'ver* hereby accordingly impowered and authorized, by themselves, or any of them, or Timber for by any Person or Persons, Labourers, or others, by them, or any Eleven of them bunding ^he nominated or appointed, to cut, carry away, or make use of all such Timber and " ses' other Wood and Stone as may be convenient, useful, or neceflaryfor building or erecting the said Bridge or Bridges, or repairing or amending the same, or the said High Road, or for burning of Lime for the Use of the said Bridges or Road; and also to dig Stone, Gravel, Clay, Marl, Sand, or Earth, in any Land (not planted) that they shall think necessary or convenient and the Lime so burnt.

Stone, Gravel, Clay, Marl, Sand, or Earth so dug, to carry away, and use towards the building and preparing the said Bridge or Bridges, or the said High Road, without Lett, Suit, Trouble, Molestation, or Hindrance from any Person or Persons whatsoever.

XII. And in case any Person or Persons shall implead, sue, perplex, or trou- p€rfons sued ble the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Person or Persons by them, may plead this or any Eleven of them employed, authorized, or impowered, for any Cause, ,n ar‘ Matter, or Thing whatsoever, by him or them done in pursuance of this Act,

every Person or Persons impleaded, sued, perplexed, vexed, or troubled, shall and may give this Act in Evidence, or plead it in bar to any Suit or Suits, Action or Actions so to be brought as aforesaid; and that it shall be allowed by all and every Judge and Judges, before whom such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be commenced or prosecuted, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; and the Person or Persons so suing, impleading, or prosecuting, shall pay treble Cods,

Charges, and Expences, which the Party or Parties sued, impleaded, or prosecuted shall be at; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non evult ulterius pro-fequi be entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be con- proviso. ftrued, deemed, or taken to extend to, or charge any Person or Persons whatsoever, or their Estates, with the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, for or towards the erecting, building, or supporting of any of the Bridge or Bridges so intended

to be ereted, built, or supported, as aforesaid, save only such Persons or Owners, or Proprietors of such Plantations in- the said Parish of St. Thomas 'in the Vale, as

148

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 81,82.

1724-

Charges of Passing this Act,by whom to be paid.

Forfeitures how to be gathered and applied.

shall make use of the fame; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwith-{landing.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fees and Charges to the respective Officers for passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the Stock of the Parish of St. 'Thomas, in the Vale, by the Church-wardens of the said Parish.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Fines and Forfeitures arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, shall be collected and gathered in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, shall direct and appoint; to be applied towards repairing and maintaining the said Bridge and Bridges, and Road; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the more effectual Encouragement of the settling of this If and) and securing the Sea Coafs thereof

Act 82.

w

Owners of Plantations, &e. sustaining Losses by Pirates, £sV. how to be compensated

Expired.

by Receiver-general,

unless Fraud, (sfc. appears in such Own-

ers.

Persons not having a Number of white Men in Proportion to their Negroes, tffe. excluded the Benefit of this Act.

WHEREAS the Settling and Inhabiting the Sea Coasts and other waste Lands of this Island, is of the greatest Consequence to it; and the De-struction of such Settlements, and the Impoveriffiment of their Owners, is not only a great Loss to the Island, and its Trade and Credit in general, but is the greatest Discouragement from settling near the Sea Coast, on whose Safety and Security the Value of the Estates in the Centre of the Island does in a great Measure depend : And there being nothing more reasonable than that the Loss of those who are situated on the Frontiers and other out and waste Parts of the Island, by which they become a Guard and Barrier to the Whole, should be borne by the Publick; may it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of <Jamaicai and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That Three fourth Parts of all Losses which shall be sustained by the Inhabitants or Owners of Plantations or Settlements in this Island, and which shall be occa-floned either by Pirates or rebellious Negroes, shall be made good and compensated to every such Inhabitant or Owner by the Publick; which Reparation shall be raised by a Tax upon Negroes, to be assessfed and collected in such Manner and Form as was directed and appointed by an Act, entituled, An Act for granting a Supply to his Majesty for federal Uses*, passed in November One thousand seven hundred and twenty-three.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-general for the Time being, shall, out of such Money, pay every such Inhabitant or Owner, or their Representatives, such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall have loft in Value by either of the aforesaid Ways and Means, according to the Proportion and Direction herein before specified.

III. Provided always, That such Loss shall be ascertained by a Verdict of a Jury of Twelve Men upon their Oaths, in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, upon an Issue, which is hereby ordered and directed to be tried for that Purpose; which Jury shall also esquire whether such Loss happened by the Connivance, Fraud, or wilful Default or Neglect of such Inhabitant or Owner; in either of which Cases he or they are hereby respectively declared not to be entitled to any Benefit or Advantage by this Act; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That no Person shall be entitled to the Benefit of this Act,but such as shall not be, for Six Weeks at anyone Time next before such Loss shall happen, without able white Men residing on the Plantation where such Loss shall happen, in Proportion to his Negroes and Cattle, according to the Rules and Directions of an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, passed in November One thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, entituled, An Act to oblige, the several Inhabitants of this If and to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient; and

applying

Act82, 83. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

149

applying the same and ether Sums, to several XJfes; and that the Ability of such 1724. white Men shall be according to the Description and Meaning of the Ability re- ~-y -

quisite for such Persons as are to bear Arms, by the Act, entituled, An Act for settling the Militia : And that where any Master, Owner, or Attorney shall return himself as one able Person within this Act, such Person shall be obliged to reside upon such Plantation where he shall so return himself, otherwise he shall not be entitled to any Benefit by this Act.

An Act to injiiSi further and other Puni foments on the Transgressors 1725. of two several ABs, the one entituled, An Act for the better Or- v 1 der and Government of Slaves; and the other eiitituled, An Act to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors; and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves by Mortgagers and Tenants for Life or Years; and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves.

WHEREAS the Practice of enticing, inveigling, concealing, and ern-^CT ploying of Slaves is still carried on by wickedly disposed Persons, who are encouraged thereto by the Inequality of the Penalties imposed by the said several Acts to such heinous Offences, as also by the Difficulty of recovering such Penalties against them in a due Course of Law, for want of such certain Proof as by the Rules of Law is required; and the Assembly having considered the dangerous Consequence of such a Practice to the Community, not only in regard the Owners may be thereby defrauded and impoverished, but a greater Opportunity would be given to Negroes to become rebellious; to reduce which Sort of Enemies the Island hath been and still continues to be at a great Expence : For a further Remedy whereof, we raoft humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That whosoever shall hereafter, upon any Pretence whatsoever, entice, Pena] on inveigle, hide, conceal, or employ the Slave or Slaves of any other Person, such enticing away Person so enticing, inveigling, hiding, concealing, or employing such Slave or °nj^!0yms Slaves, upon Proof of such Offence to the Satisfaction of any Two of the Judges Siam, of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, or of any Three Justices of the Peace, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine such Offence, shall, over and above the Penalties inflicted by the said Act, suffer one Year's Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Slaves guilty Slave or Slaves shall hide or entertain any Slave, either of their Owner or Master, °e^uech^ to or of any other Person, such Slave or Slaves guilty of such hiding or entertain- be pu'nished. ing, shall be further punished according to the Discretion of any Two of the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature aforesaid, or of any Three Justices of the Peace, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine such last mentioned Offence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalty Cjause for the of One hundred Pounds imposed by the said Act, entituled, An Act for the better moreeafy re-Order and Government of Slaves, upon such Person as shall attempt or endeavour to steal or carry off this Island, hide, conceal, or employ any Slave, shall and 1 mposed by a may from henceforth be recovered before any Two of the Judges of the Supreme former Court of Judicature aforesaid, or before any Three Justices of the Peace; who are hereby impowered to hear and determine such Cause, upon such Proof as shall appear to them satisfactory.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any free Negro, free Mulatto, or free Indian, shall hereafter be guilty of employing,

P p hiding,

150

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 83,84.

1725. hiding, concealing, enticing, entertaining, cr fending off from this Island any

l — - runaway, or rebellious Negro, or other Slave, every Inch free Negro, Indian, or

Free Negroe, Mulatto, so guilty of any such Offence, shall forfeit his Freedom, and be trans-_£sV. employ- ported off this Island, and sold by the Order of any Two of the Judges of the Su-wayVegroe Prenie Court of Judicature of this Island, or of any Three Justices of the Peace to forfeit his' for the Time being, who are hereby impowered to hear and determine every such Freedom,&V. Offence, and to make such Orders, and to direct the due Execution thereof; and the Money arising by the Transportation and Sale of such free Negroes, Indians, and Mulattoes, to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to prevent clandestine Trade.

Act 84. TT THERE AS French, Dutch, Spa?iiards, and other Foreigners, pretending to be drove into this Island by Stress of Weather, or other Disabilities, have been received, provided, and furnished as Persons in such a Condition ought to have been by the Law of Nations, and the Treaties now subsisting between his Majesty and the several Princes and States in Amity with him: And whereas such Foreigners have so far abused the Indulgence granted them, that-when they have gone out of the Harbours of this Island, they have, in some outward Creeks or Bays, fold Part of their Cargoes to the Inhabitants of this Island, who-either carried the Goods so bought to the Spanish Coast, or landed and retailed them in this Island, whereby the several Laws and Statutes made for the Encouragement of the BritiJIo Trade and Navigation have been eluded, his Majesty defrauded of the Customs and Duties due on Commodities of foreign Growth, to the great Discouragement of the trading Part of his Majesty's Subjects of this Island, and Diminution of the British Trade; and for that thereby great Sums of its current Cash is carried away into foreign Parts, and out of his Majesty's. Dominions We, your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, for the Prevention of the many pernicious and evil Consequences that may befal this Island by the said Practices (if not timely prevented) mofl humbly beseechyour Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That the Mailer of every French, Dutch, and other foreign Ship or Vessel that shall come in any Port, Harbour, or Bay in this Island, on Pretence of being drove in by Distress of Weather, Want of Provisions, or other Disabilities whatsoever, shall, within twenty-four Hours after such his coming into any such Port, Harbour, or Bay in this Island, wait upon the Governor, or Commander in Chief

Mailers of foreign Vessels drove on this Island by Stress of Weather, to deliver to the Governor an Account of their Cargoes upon Oath,

Necessaries to be sold them atthecheapeft Rates.

No greater Part of their Cargoes to be sold, than what is requisite to supply them with Necessaries.

for the Time being, and discover upon Oath the real Truth and Occasion of such his coming in, and his necessary Wants, and the true and exact Quantities of Money, Bullion, Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, he hath on board his said Ship or Vessel, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Ship or Vessel.

II. Which Oath the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being* is hereby impowered to administer; and to order and direct the Naval-Officer for the Time being immediately, and without Delay, to supply him with such Necessaries as he shall have occasion for, at the bell and cheapefl Rates and Prices the same are to be sold for in this Island, and in no other Manner whatsoever for which the said Mailer shall pay out of the Money he hath on board (if any) and if he hath no Money, then out of such Part of his Cargo as shall be sufficient to answer such his necessary Occassions.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such French, "Dutch, or other Foreigner, if he hath not Money to purchase such Necessaries as he shall really want, or any Part of it, shall sell or dispose of any more Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, than to supply what Necessaries he shall want over and above the Amount of his Money, and that by Leave of the Governor for the

Time

Act 84.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

5i

Time being, and at publick Outcry, first fixing up three Days Notice in the most 1725. noted Places of the three Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal, and King-Jion, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of such Ship or Vessel and Cargo.

IV. And all and every Person or Persons who shall purchase any Goods, Persons buy-Wares, or other Merchandize, of or from any such French, Dutch, or other Foreigner, other than as aforesaid, or land or bring them, or any of them, ashore che Goods of in this island; and all and every Person or Persons who shall be aiding and assist- Foreigners, to ing to the bringing on Shore any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize so bought or andd'eGoods. purchased, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Goods so bought or landed, and be committed, upon the

Oath of any one Person, to Gaol, there to remain in safe Custody, until he shall find good and sufficient Security; which Forfeiture of Money shall be recovered, upon the Oath of any one Person, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature within this Island, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Injunction, Wager of Law, or Nonvult ulterius prosequi shall be entered or allowed.

V. And every Person and Persons who shall discover any Purchaser of such Discovering Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, or other Person that shall be concerned in chtfa^tohave aiding or assisting in the landing orbringing on Shore of the fame, shall haveThree three fourths, fourth Parts of the said Forfeiture of the said Five hundred Pounds; (the Whole

in four equal Parts to be divided) and if any concerned in the buying, landing, or bringing on Shore such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall discover the fame, he shall not only, as an Encouragement for such Discovery, have the said Three fourths of the said Forfeiture of Money, but shall and is hereby acquitted, discharged, and indemnified from all Forfeitures and Imprisonment he may be otherwise subject to by this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every French- Foreigners to man, or other Foreigner, now in this Island, or that hereafter shall arrive, shall, Names,^v. within thirty Days from and after the first Day of June next, repair to the Custos, to the Cups, or chief Magistrate in Commission, in every Parish or Precinct of this Island, ^‘at^n 30 and give in a List of their Names, Trades, and Vocations, how long they have been in this Island, and where they belong to, or come from last, and when na- un(jer the Pe-turalized, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, current Money; whichnaltyof 100l. Lift shall be entered in a fair Book kept for that Purpose open, for the Perusal of every Person demanding the fame, without Fee or Reward; and that any Frenchman, or other Foreigner, not belonging to any Ship in any Port or Bay in this Island, who shall not give in his Name in Manner aforesaid, shall be committed to the Gaol of St. Jago de la Vega, until an Opportunity offers of fending him, if a Frenchman, to Hijpaniola; 'if a Spaniard, to Porto Bello, or any of the Spanish Colonies, or Great Britain; and if a Dutchman, to Curafoa, or Great Britain, or to such other Place as he shall be inclinable to go to, unless he takes out Letters of Naturalization within thirty Days, as aforesaid.

VII. And that every French, Dutch, or Spanish Ship, or other Vessel, which Foreign Vef-

hereafter shall arrive in any Bay, Harbour, Port, or Creek of this Island, shall to

be subject to such Port-charges, Visitations, Rules, and Orders, as the Ships or Rules as Vessels of his Majesty's Subjects trading hither are; and that no Foreigner what- Eg'dfo' soever, or other Person than his Majesty's natural-born Subjects, shall, without notTo enter special Leave of the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the into any Far-Time being, under his Hand and Seal first had and obtained, enter into any of his Majesty's Fortifications in this Island. Leave.

VIII. And to the Intent that no Person may plead Ignorance to this Act, be it This Act tobe enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General do, within three printed. Months after the passing of this Act, cause the same to be printed, the Charge

of which shall be allowed him out of any Money unappropriated in his Hands; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An

iJ52

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act85.

1725‘

An explanatory Act for the further encouraging the settli?ig the

Parish of Portland.

Act 85. WHEREAS several Acts of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, made for the settling the North-east Part of this Island, have hitherto proved ineffectual; for the perfecting therefore a Work so necessary to the Security, and beneficial to the Trade of this Island, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, and Persons set- it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all or any of the Inhabi-Pa"ffhofjw tants this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, who shall patent and settle Land land, entitled* there, shall be entitled to, and enjoy all the Privileges, Benefits, Rights, and Im-to the fame munities, which any Stranger or new Comer to this Island to settle the fame is or newComers may *n any way entitled unto by virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act for settling the North-eafi Tart of the Island; and one other Act, entituled, An Act for the encouraging white People to come over and become Settlers in this If and, and for the more easy and speedy settling the North-east Part thereof; any thing in the said Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And in order to enlarge the Time for such as shall become Settlers there to carry on their said Settlements, and to explain what shall be deemed a Settle-

Land to be ment within the Meaning of the said Acts, be it therefore further enacted by the panted them Authority aforesaid, That the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time

m Proportion ' ,

to the Number being, shall grant to every Person willing to become a Settler within the Tract of of Negroes Land of Thirty thousand Acres, mentioned in the said Acts, a Quantity of Land, on; Cr not exceeding five hundred Acres, in Proportion to the Number of Negroes and white Men they are willing and ready to put thereon, and perfect the Settlement thereof, and alfoa Lot of Land in the Town of Titc/fcldy to them, their Heirs conditioned to and Assigns for ever; with a Condition or Proviso in the said Grant, That every on the fame k Person so patenting any Parcel of Land, shall be obliged to build and erect aHouse within fix on such a Lot in the said Town within six Months from the Date of such his Pa-t<f carr5' on a tent> anc^to ma*nta^n a°d rePak the same; and to keep one white Person actually resettlement. siding thereon (at the least) for and during the Term of four Years from and after the Expiration of the said six Months; and also to begin and carry on a Settlement on his said Land in Proportion to the Number of Acres in it, viz. two Negroes for every hundred Acres in his said Grant; and if it contains five hundred Acres, then with one white Man and ten Negroes at the least, within the first twelve Months after the Date of such his Patent; and also one other white Man and ten Negroes more at the least on the said Land, yearly and every Year after, till such Time as he hath put and settled thereon one white Man and ten Negroes for every hundred Acres contained in his Grant, and so in Proportion for a greater Land forfeited or lesser Number of Acres; under the Penalty of forfeiting all the Lands so to in cafe1©}6 iy* him or *hem granted, and all his or their Right or Title thereto, to his Majesty, Non-compli- his Heirs and Successors, and from thence all such Grants and Patents to cease anee. and utterly to become void to all Intents and Purposes, and be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and by him to be regranted, according to the Terms, Limitations, and Restrictions in this Act, to such other Persons as shall desire the fame; any thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And for the enlarging the said Town of litchfeld, and more regular laying out, and speedy and commodious building of the fame, be it enacted by the

50 Acres ad- Authority aforesaid, That there be added to, and laid out, as Part of the Town Town of6 'Titchfeld, Fifty Acres more of the Land, next adjoining to the fifty Acres laid Titcljidd. out for a Town on Pattifons Point, to be granted and laid out in Lots, in like Manner as the said other fifty Acres; and also One hundred Acres more, next adjoining to the two hundred and fifty Acres laid out for a Common belonging to the said Town, be added to, and taken as a Part and Parcel of the said Common, for the enlarging thereof; and that the said Town be laid out with such Lots, Streets, publick Buildings, and in such Manner and Form, as the Governor, or

Com-

Act 85,86. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 153

Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall order and directj any thing in 1725. the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding. —

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commis- Commffllon-sioners by the Acts appointed are hereby required, within three Months after the f*ke the passing of this Act, and Notice thereof, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, po^nte^v. i;h-to take such Oath or Oaths, and in such Manner, as in and by the said Acts, or m 3 Months, either of them, is limited and directed.

V. And for the further Encouragement of all such as shall become Settlers Persons carry-

there, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person so beginning in§ 0,1 SettIe‘ . v j j o#o rnents ex-

and carrying on a Settlement within the Trad of Thirty thousand Acres, in the

empted from

said Acts mentioned, shall, for and during the Space of three Years next after the £axes for 3 Date of such their Patents, be freed and exempted from all Manner of Taxes ears' whatsoever, which shall be assessed, taxed, or laid upon them, or any of them, on account or by reason of their Houses, Negroes, or Cattle, built, and used upon, and employed in the carrying on such their Settlements.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners and nJTSf

Proprietors of the Land adjacent to the said Tract of Thirty thousand Acres, and ceant> tVcaany within the Bounds of the said Parish of Portland, shall and may be at Liberty to on Plantations settle and carry on Plantations in their said Lands respectively, so that they begin

their said Settlements respectively within five Years next from and after the passing Years.

of this Act; any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Thing whatsoever in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- 1728. cessors, for the Support of the Govermnent of this If and; and for revivijig a?id perpetuating the Alls and Laws thereof

May it please Tour Most Excellent Majesty,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of Ja- Act 86.

maica, considering that the greatest Part of your Majesty's Revenue in this Island, as it was established, did determine on the first Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty four, and being deli- . rous to distinguish your Majesty's most auspicious Reign, have freely and unani-mously resolved, not only to revive and continue the said Revenue, but to augment it to a Degree suitableto the Dignity and State, as well as the Support of your Government, and also to give it such a Duration as, we hope, is designed by the divine Providence, for the Succession of the Crown in your Royal Line: We therefore most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and .be it enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Eland, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from hence-The Duties to forth all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein after specified, which shall paid email be imported into this your Majesty's Eland, shall pay, as a Duty and Import, to ported into his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the following Duties, and no more, viz. this island. All Spanish and Madeira Wines, six Pounds per Ton 3 and also all Wines imported, of the Growth of the Western Islands, or Mixture of the Madeira Wines, with those of the Western islands, commonly called the Azores, twelve Pounds per Ton; every Ton of French, Rhenish, or Portugal Wines> five Pounds3 every Gallon of Brandy, Arrack, or other Spirits, eighteen Pence 3 every Tonof Cask or bottled Beer, Ale, or Cyder, forty Shillings j every Ton of Mum, or Metheglint three Pounds 3 for every Pound Weight of refined Sugar, six Pence 3 for every hundred Pounds Weight of Muscovado, or Paneel Sugar, three Shillings 5 for every Pound Weight of Tobacco, four Pence 3 for every hundred Pound Weight of Ginger, fifteen Shillings 5 for every Pound Weight of /Indico, three Pence 3 for every Pound Weight of Cotton, three Pence; for every hundred Pounds Weight of Cocoa, to be imported by Vessels of this Island, the Sum of fifteen Shillings 3 and for every hundred Pounds Weight of Cocoa, to be imported by.

Q^q Vessels

*54

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 86.

for the Pay meat, £3V.

ij2$. Vessels not belonging to this Bland, twenty Shillings; and so proportionably for v — v — ' a greater or letter Quantity of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize aforesaid, imported into this Island. which are to

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant, D ^Vi-Ve" or ot^er Person> importing any of the Wines, or other Merchandize before men-cunty given tioned into this Island, shall (being thereunto required by his Majesty's Receiver-General, his Deputy, or Collector) within ten Days after importing the fame, make up Accounts and pay, or (if exceeding the Sum of five Pounds) give Bond to his Majesty, in the Penalty of double the Value the same shall amount unto, for the sure Payment of the Import hereby raised on the Goods and other Merchandize aforesaid; and upon Payment of the said Import, shall be allowed after the Rate of ten per Cent, for Leakage and prompt Payment, and shall have Time given him in the said Bond for Payment of the said Import, as is herein after mentioned; that is to say, at the End and Expiration of the first six Weeks from the Entry of the said Goods or Merchandize, to pay one Half thereof, and the other Half at the End of twelve Weeks from the said Entry; but in case the Payment of the said Duties and Import be not made by the End of the first three Months from and after the said Entry made, that then the said ten Pounds per Cent, for prompt Payment shall not be allowed them.

HowDisputes

III. And in case any Difference shall arise between the Officer and the Importer ficeTTnd^m or Rafter of the Vessel, touching Wine or Liquors that shall happen to four porter are to within the aforesaid ten Days, the Person or Persons so aggrieved shall have a be determin- Warrant of Survey from the Naval Officer for the Time being (who is hereby impowered and required to grant the fame) and that Returns of such Warrants to be granted as aforesaid, shall be made upon Oath to the said Naval Officer, and by him remitted to the Receiver's Office, in order to the making up their Accounts with the said Receiver; which said Warrant shall be issued, executed, and returned within twenty-five Days after the Arrival of the Ship or Vessel importing the said Liquors.

Importer,(s'*, jy. And jn case any such IVlafter or Importer shall (being thereunto required,

make-up his as aforesaid) refuse to make up his Accounts, and to pay, or give Bond, as afore-Accounts, to said, he shall lose the Benefit of ten per Cent, for Leakage, and the Time given for

Oath to be taken.

ntfitoTt^/rr Payment of the Import; and if the Receiver-General shall be forced to sue for the G?«r.forLeak-fame, and shall thereupon recover, the Defendant shall pay Interest, at the Rate aZe>&c- of ten Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from the Time the said respective Sums so recovered shall become payable.

Upon Impor- y. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Entry

S/rTwinesT any Ship or Vessel in the Naval Office, it shall appear by the Matter's Report

the following or otherwise, that he hath imported any Madeira Wines; he the said Matter, or the Boatswain, shall take the following Oath, which the said Naval Officer is hereby impowered and required to administer

1A.B. do swear, That the Wines by me imported were taken on board at the Island of Madeira; and that I do not dire51 ly or indirectly know but that the said Wines are of the Growth of the said Island, without any Mixture of the Wines of the Growth of any of the Western Islands.

So help me God.

VI. And if the said Matter or Boatswain shall refuse to take the abovesaid Oath, that then the said Wines so imported shall be deemed and taken to be Wines of the Growth of the Western Ifa?ids, and shall accordingly pay the Duty or Import herein laid on the said Wines last mentioned.

VII. And it is likewise further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ships and Vessels coming-from any Place to the Northward of the Tropick of Cancer, to trade within this Island, shall respectively pay for every Ton such Ship or Vessel shall contain, and for every Time they so arrive in this Island, one Pound of good and new Gunpowder; and also all Ships and Vessels trading any way to the Southward of the Tropick of Cancer, shall respectively pay for every Ton such Ship or Vessel shall contain, one Pound of good and new

Gunpowder

or the Wines be deemed of the Growth of the Western Islands, and pay Duty accordingly. Ships coming from the Northward of the Tropick of Cancer to trade here, to pay i /£. of Gunpowder fer Ton;

Act 86. The LAWS' of JAMAICA.

*55

1728.

which shall be paid in Sped'.* and not Money, &c.

By whom Powder shall be provided for the King'* Fort,

and the Captain of it to enter an Account of all he receives in a Book, &c.

Gunpowder once every Year, and no more, for and towards the Use of his Majesty's Forts and Fortifications.

VIII. And it is likewise further enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Captain of his Majesty's Fort, or any Person by him to be appointed for the Receipt of such Gunpowder, shall receive the same in Specie, and not presume, in lieu thereof, to receive Money, or any other Consideration whatsoever, upon Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every such Offence: But for the Ease of any Person or Persons who are obliged to pay any odd Pounds of Gunpowder under the Quantity of a Barrel, he or they may be at Liberty to pay to the Receiver-General, or his Deputy, and to no other Person whatsoever (under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds) at and after the Rate of eighteen Pence per Pound in Money, for so many Pounds Weight of Powder as he ought to pay under the Quantity of a Barrel as aforesaid; for which Money the said Receiver-General, or his Deputy, shall give a Receipt without Fee or Reward.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time there shall be Powder wanting in his Majesty's Fort for the necessary Expence thereof, the Receiver-General shall provide the fame, and deliver it accordingly; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And that his Majesty may not be defrauded of the Gunpowder directed to be paid into his Fort, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Captain of the Fort, Fort Charles upon Port Royal, for the Time being, shall be, and he is hereby required and obliged to keep a Book, wherein shall be particularly set down the just Quantity of Gunpowder which shall bfe received into the Fort for the Use of his Majesty, and likewise what shall be expended, and upon what: particular Account or Occasion, and shall once every Year produce such Book to the Governor, or Commander in Chief; and shall, when, and as often as thereunto required by the Council and Assembly, when fitting, or by any Committee by them or either of them to be appointed, give in a just and true Account before them of the particular Quantity of Gunpowder received and expended as aforesaid, and upon what Account or Occasion, and take the following Oath before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, which shall be transcribed and signed by him in the said Book, viz.

I A.B. do swear, That to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the Account now by His Oath;

me subscribed and delivered in, is an exact and true Account of all the Gunpowder that has been received, pursuant to an A5ly entituled, An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Kland; and for reviving and perpetuating the Atftsand Laws thereof; and that hath been really and bona fide expended\ according to the Account herewith delivered in upon Oath.

So help me God.

Under the Penalty or Forfeiture of Five hundred Pounds of current Money of this Eland, for every his such Neglectc or Refofah

XL. And whereas great Inconveniencies have happened to the fair Trader by the clandestine Running of Goods, to the great Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue, in regard no fumcient Provision has hitherto been made to oblige Masters to give in a Manifest upon Oath of their lading and discharging the fame in a prefixed Time; be it therefore further enactedfoy the Authority aforesaid, That all Masters, Mates, Supercargoes, and Merchants of Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels deliver in an that: shall arrive in any Harbour, Road, Bay, Creek, Port, Haven, or Quay Account of within this Island, or that shall come to an Anchor, or unload, discharge, or deliver over any Part of her Loading at or in any Harbour, Road, Bay, Creek, Port, after their Ar-Haven, or Quay belonging to, or within Sight of this Island, loaden with, or hav- upon ing on board any. Goods, Wares, or Merchandize liable to any of the Duties herein before mentioned, shall, and are hereby respectively charged and obliged, within Forty-eight Hours after his or their Arrival, to deliver unto the Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, in Writing, a just and true Account of all Goods,

Wares, and Merchandize on board his or their Ship or Vessel, and to whom con-

signed;

Act 86.

156 The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1728. signed; and shall (under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for every Neglect - or Refusal) take the following Oath;

Their Oath. T A.B. do f wear, That the above Manifefi is a just and true Report of all the J I Goods, Wares, and Merchandize on board the Ship or Vessel calkd the

whereof I am or is Maser; and that I have not,

nor will land, or fuf'er to be landed, or fut out of my said Ship or Vessel any of the said Goods, Ware f, or Merchandize, till a Certificate be first had and obtained from the Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, that the Duties are duly paid or secured.

So help me God.

Which Oath the Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby impowered and directed to administer, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Goods, &e.

XII. And it is likewise further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Duty^a^6 Mailer or Commander of any Ship or Ships, Merchant, Factor, Purler, Mariner, forfeited. or any other Person whatsoever, without the Presence of the Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, dr some Person appointed by him or them, or Notice given to one of them, or before his or their regular Entry made with the said Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, or Payment of the Duty, or Security given by Bond as aforesaid, shall put on Shore, or put into any Boat or Vessel, in order to the landing any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize contained or mentioned in this Act, or deliver over the fame, or any Part thereof, to any other Ship or Vessel, the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize being seized by the Receiver-General, or any Person authorized by him, shall be forfeited, one Third to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof j one Third to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being; and the other Third to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Collector,^.

XIII. And it shall and may be lawful for the Naval Officer, Receiver, Col-ftme ^unless16 Ldtor, or any other Persons who shall be employed in collecting his Majesty's the Owner Revenues or Customs in this Kland, to seize the fame; and on Information filed thauh^Du21^ *n Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature, the same shall be adjudged forfeit-, ties have been ed, unless Claim shall be made within twenty Days after such Information filed, paid- and unless the Party claiming shall make it appear that the Duties of the fame have been paid, or secured to be paid, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and all Manner of Persons are hereby required to be aiding and assisting to such Officer or Officers seizing such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize so landed or unladen contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XIV. And whereas some Doubt hath arisen whether the Receiver-General of , this Island was within the Words and Meaning of an Act of Parliament passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William, entituled, An Act Clause to ex- for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in the Plantation ‘Trade: Be it there-^naforme* fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General, or his lawful Deputy, shall have, by virtue of this Act, the fame Powers and Authorities, to all Intents and Purposes, touching the Merchandize and Duties in this Act, as is by the said Act of Parliament given and granted to the Officers for collecting and managing his Majesty's Revenue, and inspecting the Plantation Trade in any of the said Plantations; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Law of this Island to tho contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on

XV. And it is likewise further enacted and ordained by the Authority afore-neraTnegka" That the Receiver-General or Collector, by himself or Deputy, shall give ing his Office, his Attendance on all working Days at his Office, from Nine to Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, and from Two till Four in the Afternoon, upon Penalty of Twenty Pounds current Money of this Island for every Default.

Act 86. The LAWS, of JAMAICA.

1 57

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver- 1728.

General or Collector, or his lawful Deputy, shall have and detain the Sum of Five '----- — 1

Pounds per Cent, and so prorata^ and no more, viz. Two Pounds and ten Shill- Receiver. Gc-ings perCent. for receiving, and Two Pounds ten Shillings per Cent, for paying, nc,al's Alknv-for so much Money only as he shall actually receive and pay by virtue of this Act; ance‘

any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it like wife enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, ;/. to be paid

That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever within this Island, which from forraiVnence

11 r 1/^ . r 1 to "rons

henceforth shall have or receive from the Governor or Commander in Cniet or this Liquors. Island, a Licence to fell and retail any strong Liquors in any Part of this Island, shall pay to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, yearly, and every Year he shall take out or renew the fame, the Sum of Five Pounds, current Money of this Island; and whosoever shall presume to fell by Retail any of the strong Liquors mentioned in this Act, without such Licence had and obtained as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds of current Money of this Island.

XVIII. And it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That New Sellers if any new Settler or Comer to this Island, shall import into the fame any Rum, Rum'tsv. to Sugar, Tobacco, Indico, Cocoa, Ginger, or Cotton, by himself, or any other be repaid tha Person or Persons, for his, her, or their better Conveniency in settling and plant-

ing, and shall not only declare his, her, or their Intention of the fame upon Oath before the Receiver or Collector, who is hereby impowered and required to administer the same, at the Time of Importation, but shall likewise make the fame appear within Three Months after his, her, or their Arrival, by some visible Effect, which he or they shall shew in order to it (and the fame being sufficiently proved to the Laid Receiver or Collector) that then and in such Case, such Importer shall be repaid by the Receiver General, or his Deputy, all such Duty or Custom which had before been paid for the said Goods.

XIX. And that his Majesty's Forts and Fortifications within this Island may for the future be kept in better Repair; and if his Majesty in his great Wisdom shall think convenient, other Hew ones built, for the better Defence of this Island, and further Encouragement of Persons to come, settle, and plant here, whereby his Majesty's Customs may be augmented and improved; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of- One thousand two hun-1250^ to be dred and fifty Pounds per Annu?n> arising as aforesaid, be yearly and every Year p^dVr3P" paid and appropriated unto the repairing, building, and rebuilding of his Majes-building of tv's Forts and Fortifications within this Island, and to no other Use, Intent, Qr Forts'a<:' Purpose whatsoever; and the fame is hereby appropriated accordingly.

XX. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collec- An Account

for or Receiver General of this Island for the Time being, or he that shall officiate ^all

in his Room or Stead, shall annually, out of the Money received by virtue of this Bookw'be* Act, charge down the aforesaid One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, so provided for as aforesaid appropriated, to the particular Account of his Majesty's Fortifications,that Pl2rpcfc' and shall keep a distinct Book of Accounts for the fame; which Book of Accounts

shall be free and open at all Office Hours, for all Persons to view the fame, without paying any manner of Fee therefore.

XXI. And that such Collector, Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall, when Receiver-Ge and as often as thereunto required by the Governor, Council, and Assembly,ner^ when fitting, or any Committee by them, or either of them to be appointed, upon oath, give in upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby impowered to administer) a

just and true Account of the particular Disbursements out of the said One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, so appropriated as aforesaid, and also for all Money arising or that shall come into his Hands by virtue of this Act.

XXII. And that the said Collector or Receiver-General shall, with good and and give Bond sufficient Security, such as shall be approved of by the Governor and Council, for 10doin2-enter into Bond in the Penalty of Five thousand Pounds; which Bond shall lie

and be recorded in the Secretary's Office under the Condition hereafter expressed; that is to say;

R r

THE

i c8

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 86.

1728. t ej HE Condition of this Obligation is fitch, 'That if the above bounden A. B.

' — 1 j| Collector or Receiver General fall well and truly account, as often as he Lh^Bond!01 M thereunto be required by the Governor for the Time being, and Council, or the Afihnbly Gf this If and, when fitting, or a Committee thereof, for all and every such Sum or Sums oj Money, which either have or fall come into his Hands by virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island; and for reviving and perpetuating the Acts and Laws thereof; and also well and truly pay the Sum of One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds yearly, and every Tear, of the Money arising and to arise by virtue of the said ASl, by Warrant from the Governor and Council, for and towards the repairing and building Forts and Fortifications; and also pay all other Sums of Money, according to the Intent and Meaning, and to the TJfes mentioned and directed in the said ASl; that then this Obligation to be void, otherwise to remain in full Force and Virtue.

Penalty on

XXIII. And in case the Collector or Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall nerafno'- xir Pre^ume to 1° ^ie fa>d Office longer than Twenty Days after the Publication of forming hiT this Act, before he or they have entered into Bond, as before required, or shall mif-£>uty. apply or pay any Part or Parcel of the One thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds so applied and appropriated as aforesaid, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds current Money; the one Third whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, to be laid out upon the Fortifications; one other Third whereof shall be to the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being; and the other Third to him or them who shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction, Wager of Law, or Non vult ulteriusprofequi shall be admitted or allowed; any thing in this Act, or any other feemingto the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And that the said Collector or Receiver, or his Deputy, shall not at any Time hereafter, upon any Pretence whatsoever, pay the said One thousand without War-two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum, or any Part or Parcel thereof, or any Governor °ffier Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, arising by virtue of this Act, unless he dsV. ' or they shall first have and receive for his or their Authority a Warrant under the.Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, with the Advice and Consent of the Council, expressing the Sum to be paid, and the End and Purpose whereunto the Sum is or shall be applied, with a particular Account thereunto annexed, manifesting for what the said Money became To forfeittre-due to the Person tekwhom it is payable; and in case the Collector or Receiver General, or his Deputy, shall, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, pay any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever; or if he or his Deputy shall mif-apply any of the Monies so as aforesaid appropriated, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay treble the Sum by him or them so paid or misapplied.

Disposition of

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all .Forfeitures. Penalties and Forfeitures, in this'Adl before mentioned, and not herein-before particularly disposed of, shall be one Third to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island; one Third to the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and the other Third to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island : And where any Question shall arise concerning the Importation or Exportation of any Goods into, or out of this Island, in such case the Proofs shall be upon the Owner or Claimer, and the Claimer shall be reputed the Owner or Importer thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVI. And to the End that no Doubt may ever remain of this faithful Assembly's having sufficiently provided for his Majesty's Government; be it enacted by

Not to pay any Part of the 1250l.

ble the Sum misapplied

Act 8b.

1 59

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

by the Authority aforesaid, That the Estimate hereunto annexed shall be deemed 1728.

to contain an Establishment of the present Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, and'--

the several Pleads of the present Expences chargeable on the said Revenue; and The Estimate that the said Establishment and Estimate shall be likewise reputed and accepted as]J™]^tt°be Part of this Act. contain an

XXVII. And though it hath been found by Experience that the Monies^l^ll^vccllt: arising by the like Duties imposed by this Act (no Branch of which hath beennuCj‘yf. found burthensome) doth exceed the Computation aforesaid; yet be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the several Funds, Duties, and Imports in How Defici-this Act mentioned, should at any Time hereafter prove deficient, or fall fliortben^de^ood. of the clear yearly Sum of Eight thousand Pounds; that then, and in such Case, such Deficiency or Sum that shall be wanting, shall be made good, raised, and appropriated, according to the Uses in this Act mentioned, by the Assembly then in being, or any Assembly thereafter to be convened; and if there should any Surplusage or Sum of Money arise by the said Funds, Duties, and Imports, over and above the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, that then the said Surplusage shall be applied to the Use of Parties to be raised for the Reduction of rebellious Negroes, or to or for such other Use or Uses, as the Governor, Council, and Assembly for the Time being, by any Law or Laws, shall think proper, and to and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

XXVIII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well Quit-rents, his Majesty's Quit-rents, Fines, Forfeitures, and Escheats, and every Part and fj^' Parcel thereof arising within this his Majesty's Island, as the Import: and Reve- support of the nue hereby granted, or which hereafter shall grow and become due by virtue of Governmenc. this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall be collected and received by the said Receiver General for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy only, and shall be applied and appropriated, and the said whole Revenue is hereby appropriated to the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Uses in this Act mentioned, and to other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. Provided always, That this Clause, nor any Thing therein contained, shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend to take off or lessen the Prerogative of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in pardoning and remitting such Fines and Forfeitures, a| he or they in their great Wisdom and Clemency shall, on due Consideration, think fit to pardon and forgive, or to prevent the Receiver General's accounting with the Auditor General, or such other Person in the Kingdom of Great Britain, as his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, shall think fit to appoint for that Purpose.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and All former after the parting this Act, one Act, entituled, An Act for raising a Publick^fjjfff^ Revenue, for the Support of the Government of this his Majesty s Istand, made at this, repeated, an Assembly held at the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, by several Prorogations, the fifth Day of September, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and eighty three; one other Act, entituJed, An Act for raising a Publick Revenue to the King, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this his Majesty's Island, made at an Assembly held at the Town of St .Jago de la Vega aforesaid, upon the twentieth Day of July,- in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and eighty .eight; one other Act, entituled, An Act for raising a Revenue to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Support oj the Government of this Istand, and for maintaining and repairing her Majesty's Forts and Fortifications, passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three; and also one other Act, entituled, An Act for granting an additional Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the better Support of the Government of this Istand, parted in November, One thousand seven hundred and _ twenty four, and all and every the Clause and Clauses in them or any of them contained, and such Part of any other Act or Law of this Island as is incon-fiftent with the Words and Meaning of this Act, be, and are hereby repealed and annulled.

7

»6o The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 86.

1728.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Acts jr-~" and Laws of this Island which determined and expired on the first Day of Octo-pei'puuaT/ ber, *n the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty four, and not hereby, or by any former Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, now in Force, altered or repealed, shall be, and are hereby revived and declared to be perpetual.

/wTacc/"ed

XXXI. And also all such Laws and Statutes of England as have been at any

at Laws of Time esteemed, introduced, used, accepted, or received as Laws in this Island,

this island, to shall and are hereby declared to be and continue Laws of this his Majesty's Island continue so. r r

of Jamaica, lor ever.

ESTIMATE of the present Branches of his Majesty s Revenue, and the several Heads of the present Expences chargeable on the said Revenue.

Charges on the Revenue.

O the Captain General's Salary,

To the Forts and Fortifications, To the Chief Justice's Salary,

2500

1250

120

To the Officers and Gunners of Fort Charles, viz.

To the Captain, 6 s. per Diem, -

The Lieutenant, 4*. 6 d.

109

82

Twelve Montroffes in actual Service, at 2 s. 6 d. per Diem, to be Inhabitants of Port Royal and continually resident there, and not to be inlisted 547 in either of the independent Companies,

The Armourer, -------40

For Water, - 24

10

02

10

00

00

o

6

o

o

To the Captain of the Train in Spanish Town, -

To the Auditor General, 150l. Sterling, at 3 5 per Cent. Exch. To Waiters Salary,

To several ordinary Charges, viz. Public^. Buildings, Attorney General's Fees, Clerk of the Council, Provost-marshal, Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Chancery, for issuing Writs of Election, Deputy Marshal's for Prisoners, executing Writs of Election, Receiver General's Commission, King's Evidence, and other small Expences, computed at a Medium for Nine Years past, per Annum To contingent Charges per Annum -

Branches of the Revenue. By Import, at a Medium of Nine Years last, — By Quit-rents,

Cr.

By Fines, Forfeitures, and Escheats,

By Wine Licences, -

By Gun-powder,

By a new Import, including Indico at 3 s. per Pound, and Sugar at 3 per Hundred, at a moderate Computation, -

s.

co

00

00

d.

- 803 02 6

45 12 6

- 202 10 0

120 00 0

2390 00 0

568 15 0

8000 00 0

2966 02 1

1460 14 3

437 3

200 00 0

257 02 1 r

3000 co 0

CO 00 »-< 12 6

An '

Act 87. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

161

An Act for the better carry ing on and securing the new Settlements

at Port Antonio in the Parish of Portland.

WHEREAS, the encouraging Numbers of Settlers, and the Security of ^CT gyt them when settled, is of the greatest Advantage and Publick Use as well as Strength to this Island in general: And whereas the Settlements already begun at Tort Antonio cannot be carried on without a Guard of sufficient Strength, to prevent the rebellious and runaway Negroes plundering and destroying the new Settlers, and also to deter the Enemy, in case of a War, from landing there, or attempting to take any Ships or Vessels out of the Harbour, which may run in thither for Trade or Protection : And whereas the Act for the more effectual suppressing rebellious and runaway Slaves, and for encouraging Parties to be sent out for that Purpose, as also for the better securing the Settlements at Plantain Garden River, and other Out-parts of this Island, passed in January, One thousand seven hundred and twenty five, is now expired, whereby the said new Settlers at Tort Atitonio are left without a Guard, and, if not speedily relieved and secured, mufl be obliged, to their great Damage, and to the great Detriment of the Publick, to desert their new Settlements, and the said Settlements become a Receptacle to the rebellious and runaway Slaves, and the Harbour there become useless and unfecure to the Ships and Vessels of his Majesty's Subjects, either for Trade or Protection : We your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of your Island of Jamaica, do mofl: humbly beseech your Majesty, for the better carrying on and securing of so useful and profitable a Settlement, that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, That a Party or Guard, confiding of fifteen white Men and ten AGuard tote Negroe Shots, all accoutred with a good Gun, or Musket, (and all to be of the fame Gulliver and Bore) Cutlafh, and Cartouch-box, with a sufficient Quantity the Space of of Powder and Ball, ready made into Cartridges, and five Baggage Negroes, one Year, shall be kept out and reside at Tort Antonio for the Space of one Year, from and after the passing of this Act 5 and that the said Party so to be kept out, be provided with the said Arms and Ammunition, if Freemen, at their own Expence, and if indented Servants, or Slaves, at the Expence of their Masters, and to be supplied by his Majesty's Receiver General for the Time being with Provisions and other Necessaries during such their Residence there, in Manner following > to wit, With three Barrels of Beef, and one Barrel of Flour, or Biscuit, in Proportion for each white Man; and one Barrel of Beef or Herrings, for each Mulatto, Indian, or Negroe, to be kept at the Town of Titchfield, and to be distributed by the Captain or Commander of such Party, in just and equal Proportions, weekly j and in Case of their being unprovided of Arms of the fame Gulliver and Bore as aforesaid, the same to be provided for them by the Receiver General for the Time being, at the Expence of the Publick, and distributed to each Man respectively, if unprovided, by the Commanding Officer of the said Party, and the Price thereof to be by the Receiver General deducted out of their respective Pay as the same shall become due.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Party '^° a^ec® shall be commanded by an Officer to be appointed by the Governor, or Com- w0ods, t*. mander in Chief for the Time being, and two Serjeants, one of whom shall be once a Fort-obliged, with one Half of the said Party, or all, if found necessary, once every Fortnight, or oftner, if the Service requires it, to range all the Woods and Lands adjacent to the said Settlements, and to go in Pursuit of, and destroy all runaway and rebellious Negroes, which they may come up with, or have Intelligence of j and the other Serjeant, with the other Half of the said Party, unless on any Emergency or sudden Attempt of the rebellious Negroes, shall be obliged to keep a constant Guard, or Watch, at the Town of Titchfield, on the Harbour, or at such Place as may be found mofl: convenient, for the Security of the said Settlements.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Offi- Their Pay. cer who shall command the said Party, shall have and receive Ten Pounds per Month as his Pay; each of the said Serjeants, Six Pounds per Month as his Pay;

S f each

162

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 87.

Su-geon's

Pay.

Officer, to have the edit of passed in 172c.

Officer, &c may be dif. chareld by

1722. each of the faitl white Men, Three Pounds per Month for his Pay 3 each of the said Negroe Shots, Twenty Shillings per Month for his Pay 3 and each of the said Baggage Negroes, Twenty Shillings per Month for his Pay, during his and their atftual Residence and being in Service only, and not otherwise 3 but if indented Servants and Slaves, the same to be paid to their respective Matters.

IV. And for the further Encouragement of the said Party, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Surgeon shall be provided for taking Care of the said Party, and any other that may come into that Parish, who shall be allowed during his actual Residence there, and not otherwise, Five Pounds per Month as his Pay.

V. And that all and every the Officer, Serjeants and Men, as well Whites as

Aa he ^Tegroes, over and above their Pay aforesaid, be entitled to receive the same

Rewards, Immunities, and Privileges given and allowed in and by the said Act, entituled, An Act for the more effectual suppressing rebellious and runaway Slaves, and for encouraging Parties to be sent out for that Purpose 5 as also for the better securing the Settlements at Plantain Garden River, and other Out-parts of this If and, passed in January, One thousand seven hundred and twenty five, and be also subject and liable to the fame Discipline, Orders, Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures enacted and expressed in the said recited Act 3 and be also obliged, upon Orders from the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, to join and march with any Party or Parties, and under such Commanders, and on such Service as shall be found necessary.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Offi-Ordercfr ccr> Serjeants, and private Men of this Guard or Party, shall be removed, vernor, changed, or discharged on such Occasion or Cause as to the Governor, or Commander in Chief shall seem fitting and reasonable 3 and that they shall be paid

their Pay by the Receiver General out of the Surplusage of any Fund or Funds

unappropriated, or appropriated to the Use of Parties, nerai't^ Ge" TIL ^ND *n or(^er to prevent any Persons being defrauded of their Pay, or them or^thdr Rewards, or any their Officers making unjust Gains of the Necessities or Wants Order, their of such Persons font out in the said Party, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General for the Time being shall be, and he is hereby obliged and required to pay to them, or to their Order, such Rewards or Pay as they shall become entitled to, in Money, or to themselves, to their personal Satisfaction, and not to their Officer 3 nor shall any such Officer, Serjeant, or private Man, or any in Trust for them, presume to retail out Goods, Provisions, or Liquors there to any of the said Party, or to any other Person for their Use, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds for each Time he shall so offend; the one Half to the Person informing and proving the fame, to the Satisfaction of the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being 3 and the other Half to the Use and towards the Pay of the said Party.

VIII. And whereas by an Act, entituled, An Act for encouraging white People to come over and become Settlers in this Island, and for the more easy and speedy settling the North-eaf Part thereof the Cufos of the Parish of St. George, the Cnfos of the Parish of St. Phomas in the East, both for the Time being, Richard Bathurf, Jasper Afoworth, Robert Hamilton, James Pafsley, John Le Gay, and Dr. James Wiljden, were appointed Commissioners for assigning and allotting Lands to be granted to every Person within the Thirty thousand Acres thereby vetted in his Majesty3 some of whom are since dead, and others live so remote and aistant, as renders it very troublesome and difficult to get the said Lands so granted, allotted, and assigned; be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore-miTo^erTad-^'aid, That John Stewart, John Brookes, and Samuel Orgill, Esquires, and Alex-ded, forexe- ander Brookes, be added to the said Number of Commissioners 3 and that the said te-ein ^ed Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall be, and are hereby impowered to Act, 1 act in all Things in as full and ample Manner, and subject to the same Penalties, as if they had been named and appointed in and by the said last mentioned re-and Governor cited Act: And in order to keep up the Number of the said Commissioners for clhers^n°the shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Commander in Chief

Room of any for the Time being, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Com-cynig, isc. mifp10ners as he shall see fit, upon the Death, or other Incapacity, of any of the said

Rewards and Pay, £sY.

Act 87, 88. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 163

said Persons already appointed by this or the said Act; and shall be impowered, 1728. after such Nomination and Appointment of the Governor or Commander in Chief .' — •"'v — J for the Time being, to act in as full and ample Manner in all Things, and subject to the same Penalties, as if they had been named and appointed in this or the said recited Act.

IX. And as a further Encouragement to new Settlers, be it further enacted How the Far-by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Party, or such Part thereof as shall g^13^0^ not be ranging in the Woods after the rebellious Negroes, shall, as Opportunity when they offers, be employed in the making a Plantain Walk, and planting Indian Provisions for the Reception of such new Settlers and Party-men in that Part of the"2'12" °° s" Land allotted for a Common, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered from the Captain or Commander of the said Party in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; one Half of which Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue for the fame, and the other Half to the Use of Parties; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the frengthening and securing this If and against any Attei npts to be made by foreign Enemies.

WHEREAS this Island, by its commodious Situation for Trade, its many Act 88.

good Harbours and Bays, amongst potent and populous Neighbours, is in great Danger of being invaded, in case of any Rupture between Great Britain and France, or Spain; for the securing therefore of this Island from any Attempts or Insults in case of a War, we your Majesty's mod: dutiful and loyal Subjects the AlPembly of this your Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Tuesday in justices, bfc. May next ensuing, the Justices and Vestry in each respective Parish of this Island, of evcl7 pd-binding on the Sea-coasts, are hereby required, impowered, and obliged to meet aTax'for^ at the usual Places of Meeting in each respective Parish, upon Twenty Days No- erecting For-tice given them in Writing from the Governor or Commander in Chief for the tlficauons,^f' Time being, and to alfefs, raise, and levy such Tax or Taxes either in Money, or Labour of white Servants and Negroes, or in both, for the raising, erecting, and building such Fortifications, Bread-works, Block-houses, Guard-houses, or other Defences, at such Places, and at such Expence and Charge as shall by them be thought necessary, proper, and convenient, for their Security and Defence, to be approved of by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or by any other Person or Persons by him for that Purpose appointed.

II. And after such Place, Fort, Bread-work, or Block-house is appointed and agreed on, and the Tax laid by the said Justices and Vedries reflectively, the said respective Parishes shall immediately proceed in such Manner, and according to the Direction and Orders of the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or such Person or Persons by him appointed to erect and build such Fortifications and Defences; which said Tax is to be raised, alfelfed, and levied in Proportion to the Number of Slaves and Cattle which each Inhabitant shall have ievied. in the respective Parishes, and to be laid and raised in the same Manner, and subject to the same Penalties and Forfeitures as in and by an Act, entituled, An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a fijfcient Number of white People, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses; and for repairing the Wall of Port Royal, passed this present Sessions ol Assembly, is more particularly expressed and mentioned, as fully and amply as if the fame were herein expressed, enacted, and mentioned.

III. And the said Justices and Vestry are hereby impowered, in laying and T'ndef^en's raising such Tax, to apportion the Value of every necessary Tradesman's Labour, vauX C°

and

A

Act 88.

164

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

fame.

1728. and to make such Allowance to the Persons furnishing the said necessary Trades-"V — ' men, as shall to them seem just and reasonable.

IV. And for the more expeditious erecting of the said Forts or Defences, and providing the necessary Materials for that Purpose, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Persons employed in

of any Per- that Service, to burn Lime, gather Stones, and burn Bricks, and cut Wood for son's Ground, that Purpose, in any Person's Land not planted in this Island, as may be most fbnable Satis- convenient and proper for the publick Service, and also to cut Timber useful and faction for the necessary for the said Service (Cedar or Mahogony excepted) allowing the Owner or Proprietor of the Land wherein the said Timber is cut, any Sum not exceeding Seven-Pence Halfpenny per Foot for every folidFoot which they shall so cut or carry off.

V. And to the Intent that such Fortifications and Places of Defence may not be left without a sufficient Strength to guard and maintain the fame, be it further

mayTaf'e^ enacted, That the said Justices and Vestry in each respective Parish shall, and Number of they are hereby impowered and required to raise a Number of white Men and lendTh'V^ -^egr0es> ^ucn as they shall think necessary and proper, properly armed, accou-tifeanons.01" tered, and provided with Ammunition and Provisions from the several Settlements and Plantations in the said respective Parishes, to be constantly resident in such Fortifications and Places, in case of a War, during such Time, and under the Command of such Officer or Person as the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being shall think fit to order and appoint.

VI. And that the said Men so raised maybe properly armed, and the Ammunition provided be the more useful, and for Prevention of the Confusion which may be occasioned by the ill training of such Men, and the different Sizes of their Arms, and their not being provided with proper Lodging and other Necef-

How they are faries, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each white Man or clothed'rnand ^eSro rai^ an(f fitted out, shall be armed with a good Gun, Bayonet, and fumifhe'd with Cutlafh, or Musket, and a Cartouch-box, filled with twelve Cartridges at least, Provisions. ready made up, with a proportionable Quantity of spare Powder and Ball; if Freemen, at their own Charge; if indented Servants or Slaves, at the Charge of their respective Masters: All which said Guns shall be of the fame Culliver and Bore of the Muskets usually made use of in his Majesty's Ordnance; and that the fame be provided within the Space of Nine Months from and after the pasting of this Act and that all the said Persons raised throughout the said Island, shall be trained up and exercised in one and the same Manner, as shall by the Governor or Commander in Chief be prescribed and directed; and shall also have proper Huts or Houses erected in the said Places of Defence for their Security from the Weather, and be clothed in Cloaths of the fame Colour, and provided with a sufficient Quantity of Victuals and Drink by their respectives Masters, and delivered to them at their said Quarters; each Person to be allowed at the least Ten Pounds of Beef and Flower, or Indian Provisions proportionable per Week, and a good Blanket and Plantain Bed, or Mattress, for their Bedding.

VII. And for the making the free Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians more useful, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for any Person so taxed, or for the said Negroes, Indians, or Mulattoes themselves, to hire such I?idia?is> Negroes, or Mulattoes out at the Half of the Rate given and allowed for one white Man, and that Two of them, if so fitted out and hired, shall serve as a Deficiency, and pass in Stead and Lieu of one white Man; and that all those white Men so raised and fitted out, pass as Deficiencies in the several Plantations to which they belong.

VIII. And for the more effectual putting this Act, and the several Matters and ficers neglect-Things therein contained in Execution, be it further enacted by the Authority herein6 aforesaid, That each Justice of the Peace, who shall neglect or refuse to do his feribed them. Duty therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; each Vestryman re-

fusing or neglecting his Duty therein. Eighty Pounds; and every private Man, Fifty Pounds, for every Neglect or Refusal: All which said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Im-

7 parlance,

Two Indians to serve in-Head of one whue Man, 4fc.

Penalty onOf-

Act 89,90. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 165

parlance, Wager of Law, or Injunction shall be allowed; one Half of which 1728. said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the said Fortifications, and — v — the other Half to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the same.

JX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary Secretary to of this Island do, within thirty Days after the passing of this Act, make out adcll^h^ Copy thereof for each of the respective Parishes of this Island, and cause the to every Pa-fame to be delivered to the respective Cufos's or chief Magistrates of the several ^i«the Parishes of this island, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for each Copy not so 1 an made out and delivered; and for each of which Copies he shall have and receive from the Receiver-General the Sum of Twenty Shillings, and no more 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

0 0 0 0 0 0 & 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 *0 $ 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

An Act for vejling Twenty Acres of La?id in Lynch'* If and in the 1730;

Crown.

WHEREAS, by an Act of your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Af-Act 89.

fembly of this your Island, entituled, An Act for settling the North-east A^s Part of the If and; passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred Land in and twenty-two, it was (amongst other things) enacted, That Twenty Acres at hack's Island the least of Rather's or Lynch's Island should be vested in the Crown, to the Uses, Crown!* Intents, and Purposes in the said Act mentioned : And whereas, since the passing of the said Act, your Majesty has been graciously pleased, in order to promote and secure the Settlement intended by the said Act, to purchase the Remainder of the said Rather s or Lynch's Island : And it is found necessary to appropriate the said Twenty Acres, for the Conveniency of building Store* houses and Wharfs for your Majesty's naval Stores, and careening your Majesty's Ships of War, the Protection of which will greatly secure and promote the Settlement of the adjoining Part of this Island; we therefore most humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said Twenty Acres, Part of Rather s or Lynch's Island, vested in the Crown by the said in Part recited Act for the settling the North-east Part of the Island, to and for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act, shall be, and the said Twenty Acres are hereby enacted and declared to be vested in your Majesty's, your Heirs and Successors, for ever, absolutely, and without any Limitation, to be disposed of by your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, to such Uses as your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, shall think proper; any thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the better amending the Highways.

WHEREAS the Act for the Highways, formerly made, has been found Act 90.

defective and insufficient; for the better amending therefore of the common Highways, and for laying out new, and turning old ones where it shall be needful, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That wherever a new Road is, or shall hereafter be laid out, pursuant to the Di- AH new Roads rection of an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Highways, the fame bc

shall be recorded at the next general Quarter-sessions of the Peace in the Precinct where such Road is : Provided, That if any Road confirmed by this Act shall be found inconvenient, it shall and maybe lawful for any Person injured thereby, to get a Jury to turn the fame, pursuant to the Direction of the said Act, entituled,

T t An

i66

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 9<

173°.

Persons exempted from

An Act for the Highways; and that no Person whatsoever do obstruct, hinder, or prevent any Jury from going to, and laying out such a Road, pursuant to the Direction of the said last Highway Act, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person being chosen whatsoever, resident in any Parish of this Island, shall be free or exempted from Surveyors of being chosen a Way-warden or Surveyor of the Highways for the said Parish, ways!'2*1' provided he be not compelled or obliged to serve above once in three Years; provided also, that he be not one of the Council, nor Chief Justice, nor has been of the Council or Chief Justice, nor any Member of the Assembly for the Time being, nor Assistant Judge of the Grand Court, nor Ctflos, nor any Officer executing any of the Patent Office, of this Island, who shall not be chosen without their Consents first had and obtained; and that every Person so chosen a Surveyor or Way-warden, shall, within twenty Days after Notice to him given, pursuant berffnSt° to Direction of the said Act for the Highways, get himself sworn before some Justice of the Peace in the said Parish, under the Penalty of forfeiting Fifty Pounds, over and above the Penalties inflicted and prescribed in the said Act: And that every Clerk of the Vestry, or Clerk of the Peace, refusing or neglecting to give such Surveyor or Way-warden Notice in Writing, either personally, or to be left at the Dwelling-house of such Person within five Days after such their Election, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above the Penalties in the said Act for the Highways: And every Justice, who shall, on Application, refuse to swear in such Way-warden or Surveyor, shall forfeit the like Sum of Twenty Pounds. mendthe2 to And 11 ^uR^er enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sur-

Road allotted veyor or Way-war den who shall neglect to amend and repair the Road allotted fdtmoo°/for' ^ini, or ^or which he was chosen, for the Space of one Month after such his being sworn and qualified, shall, upon the View of the said Road by any Two Justices of the Peace in the said Parish or Precind, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; which said Sum the said Two Justices, or any other Two Justices of the said Precind, are impowered to levy and assess, as hereafter mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Surveyor's issuing his Warrant or Warrants to the Constables, pursuant to the said

thetr Propor- Act for the Highways, every Person who shall fail, neglect, or refuse to fend the tlroes°f^e Number of Negroes, Tools, or other Instruments allotted him by the Justices groes, c. aK(j yefl-ry} or tge respective Surveyors, in case no Allotment be r/iade by the Justices and Vestry, according to the several Acts for the Highways, shall forfeit for every Negro so deficient or wanting, or not sent, the Sum of Three Shillings per Diem> during the Time the Surveyor shall be employed in amending the said Roads.

V. And that it may be the better known who shall prove deficient, or neglect fending the Proportion of Negroes, or Tools allotted them, be it enacted by the

inform some Authority aforesaid, That the said Surveyors respectively shall, and they are Justice, upon hereby obliged, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, immediately on their having Oath^oft^ finished the Repairing or Amendment of the Road allotted them, to repair to Negroes,°&c. some Justice of the Peace in the said Parish, and upon Oath (which Oath the wanting, and said Justice is hereby required and impowered to admiriifter) inform the said Juf-neglectings- t^ce the Number of Negroes or Tools so wanting, or not sent, and the Person so neglecting or refuting to fend them; which said Justice is hereby impow-who is to issue ered and required, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds for every Neglect: or to^evy the Pe- Refufah forthwith to issue his Warrant or Warrants to the respective Constable or nahy by Di- Constables, commanding them to levy the said Three Shillings per Diem of such Person so offending and neglecting, notwithstanding the said Sum do exceed Forty Shillings, by Distress and Sale of the Negroes, Cattle, Mules, and Goods of the Person so offending, neglecting, or refilling, for the Use of the Highways.

VI. Provided also, That if the Justices and Vestry of any Parish shall refuse or neglect to allot a reasonable Proportion of Hands for the amending and repairing of every Road so laid out as aforesaid in their respective Parishes, any Person injured thereby may have his Action for Damages in any Court of Record in this Island against the said Justices and Vestry, or any of them.

Penalty on Persons refu-sing to fend

stress, £sV.

[Proviso.]

I

It

T

It

e

y

t.

h

:k

K

m

ie

ir-

ed

e-

i

ed

lie

ur-

aid

the

ces

the

feit

"P

the

left

the

are

n

rto

the Juf-rfon ow-stor ie or such orty the

gt I refer*

Act 90,91. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 167

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties 1730. or Forfeitures herein before mentioned, or in the Paid Act, entituled, An Act for the Highways, and not mentioned and expressed herein before, how, or PoclJ)ae,!^_ow where to be recovered, shall be recovered, adjudged, and imposed by any Two vcred. Justices in the said Parish or Precinct, and be levied and collected by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two Justices of the said respective Parishes or Precincts, by Difhefs, and Sale of such Distress, to the Use, and for the Repair of the Highways , any thing in this, or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several put,j;ck Roads Roads cut, made, or cleared, during the late Marshal Law in this Island, from

Pedro s, in the Parish of Clarendon, to St. Ann's Boy, and from the Cave, in the Parish of Westmoreland, to Montego Bay, in the Parish of St. fames, shall for ever hereafter be deemed, and are hereby declared to be Publick R.oads, or King's Highways, and be opened, repaired, and cleared, according to the Dimensions prescribed in the said Act, entituled, An Act for the Highways, by the respective Parishes, to the Extent of their several and respective Bounds, and shall be subject and liable to all such other Regulations aS other King's Highways and Publick Roads are by the said Act for the Highways, or this Act •, any thing in this, or any other Add contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary Secretary to

of this Island do, within Twenty Days after the passing of this Act, fend Copies the

thereof to the several Cufos's of this Island > for each of which Copies he shall Cu/tos's. have and receive from the Receiver-General the Sum of Ten Shillings, and

no more.

An Act for the preserving the Harbours of Port Antonio, in the

Parish ^Portland.

WHEREAS the sinking of the Wrecks of Ships, Sloops, and Boats, Act 91.

and flinging overboard of Ballast, Dirt, or Sullage, may in Time be of great Detriment and utter Ruin of the Eastern and Western Harbours of Port Antonio: For Prevention whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of famaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of December next, Penalty on no Person whatsoever presume to fink in the said Harbours any Wreck or Wrecks fersons flnk*

• A J jpg any

of any Ships, Sloops, or Boats, or to throw overboard any Ballast, Dirt, or Sul- Wrecks, &fc. lage into any Part either of the Eastern or Western Harbours of Port Aiitonio, orin the Hariri to the Channel leading into either of the said Harbours, under the Penalty of ours> forfeiting Ten Pounds, current Money of this Island.

II. And whereas the Reef of Rocks and Stones that runs from the West Part of Navy or Lynch's Island to the Main, is of great Security to the said Harbours of Port Antonio, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and or carrying a-after the first Day of December next, no Person whatsoever do presume to move the

off or carry away from the said Reef of Rocks, any Rocks or Stones, under the Rocks any Penalty of forfeiting the like Sum of Ten Pounds : All which Forfeitures and Stones> Penalties shall be recovered in a summary Manner before any Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Parish of Portland, or of the adjacent Parishes of St. George and St. Mary; who are hereby required and impowered, upon any Information being made to them by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships of War, or by any other Officer belonging to his Majesty's Navy, or by any other Person whatsoever, to hear and determine the fame upon the Oath of any one or more credible Witnessfes of the Offence aforesaid j and upon any Person or Persons being convicted thereof upon Oath, as aforesaid, they the said Justices shall commit the Party so offending to the next Gaol, where he or they shall remain until he or they have paid the said Sum of Ten Pounds, without Bailor Mainprize.

i68

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 92,93.

1730.

III. And if any Justice, upon Information or Application being made to him, J1 as aforesaid, shall omit or refuse to do his Duty therein, the Justice so offending Penalty on shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered in his Majesty's Supreme Justice omit- Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Informa-ng ls uty- tion . One Qf ajj such Forfeitures mentioned in this Act, is hereby declared to be to the Informer, or to him or them who shall sue for the fame; and the other Half for and towards the Use of his Majesty's Fortifications at Port Antonio any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for repealing an Act to prevent Dangers that may arise fro?n disguised as well as declared Papists.

Act 92. W THERE AS it hath been found by Experience that an Act, entituled, An to present Dangers that may arise from disguised as well as declared Papists, passed in the Month of August, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, hath not answered the Purposes for which it was intended; but on the contrary, already hath, and may further serve to discou-rage Protestants well affected to his Majesty's Government, from coming over to settle in this Island; which, as the Number of white Inhabitants are few, may be of very bad Consequence to the Welfare and Safety thereof, if continued : For Prevention of which, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and it is enacted by the Gover-Repeal of a nor, Council, and Assembly, and by the Authority of the same, That the afore-former Act. said Act, passed in the Month of August, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made void to all Intents and Purposes.

Act 93.

Gunpowder not to be sold in less Quantity than 50lb. Weight, to any Person, without Licence from the Governor, &V.

Oath to be taken by Person before Licence is granted him

An Act to prevent the felling of Powder to rebellious, or any other

Negroes whatsoever.

WHEREAS it may reasonablybe conjedtured, that the great Number of Places where Powder is at present vended in all Parts of this Island, contributes very much to the supplying of rebellious Negroes therewith, which tends to the increasing their Numbers, being a Means not only of supplying themselves with Provisions, but likewise of robbing and plundering the remote Parts of the Island, to the great Discouragement of new Settlements: We therefore, your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of Jamaica, do mofl humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever within this Island shall, after the Twentieth Day of February next, fell, or otherwise dispose of by Retail, in any Quantity less than Fifty Pounds Weight, any Sort of Gunpowder, to any Person whatsoever within this Island, before such Person shall first have obtained a Licence from under the Hand and Seal of the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being j which Licence is not to be granted but upon a Certificate from the Justices and Vestry of the Parish where such Person refldes, that he is duly qualified, and fit to be trusted with the Sale of such Powder; which Certificate shall be recorded in the Secretary's Office before such Licence shall be granted.

II. And such Person or Persons obtaining such Licence or Licences, as aforesaid, shall be obliged, before he or they shall vend, fell, or dispose of any Powder, to take the following Oath before the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or before the Custos of the Precinct where he or they reside, viz.

I A.B. do swear, That I will not vend, fell, or dispose of, or fuss'er any Person or Persons in my Service or Employ, or wider my Command, to vend, fell, or

dis'pose

Act 93. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 169

dispose of any Gunpowder to any white P erf on or Persons not knowing them to be 1730. House-keepers, unless such Person or Persons shall have a Certificate from some fuf-tice of the Peace oj the PrecinB where he or they fall reside, or commissioned Officer of the Company or Proop of Militia to which he or they belong, that they are Persons proper to be intrusted with the fame; and that I will not vend, fell, dispose rf or delivery or suffer to be vended, fold, disposed of or delivered to any free Mulatto,

Negro, or Indian, any Powder without a Certificate from the Captain of the Company in the Precinct to which he belongs; and that I will not vend, felly or dispose of or deliver, or suffer to be vended, fold, disposed of or delivered, any Powder to any Mulatto, Negro, or Indian Slave, upon any Pretence whatsoever.

So help me God.

III. And that no Person shall have a Licence granted unto him or them 'tot'

the Sale of Powder, as aforesaid, without first becoming bound to our Sovereigndue Perform* Lord the King in a Bond, with sufficient Surety or Sureties in the Secretary's?^0*"

Office of this Island, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for the due Perfor- rult' mance of the said Trust, agreeable to the said Oath.

IV. And that there shall not be Licences granted to more than one Person inRutonePer-each of the three Towns of St. sago de la Vega, Port Royal, and Kingston,^ where Powder shall be sold by Retail, as aforesaid, only; and for each of which Gunpowder Licences the Person or Persons to.whom they are granted shall pay the Sum ofin each ofth®

• O A J t (J p q y, S S h d

Five Pounds, current Money of this Island, per Annum', and the said respective feru.

Sums of Five Pounds shall be, and are hereby appointed to the Use of Parties ;cence, and such Person and Persons shall also pay Fifteen Shillings to the Secretary for taking the said Bond, recording the Certificate, and passing the Licence, and no more.

V. And that no Person or Persons whatsoever, not having a Licence, as afore-Unlicensed laid, shall vend, fell, dispose of, or deliver any Gunpowder by Retail in any Quantity less than Fifty Pounds Weight, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, def inTef™ and six Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize 3 which Forfeiture and Qujntity than Penalty shall be heard, adjudged, recovered, and determined by the Judges 9ff°vftjt 5oo/.' his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island; and that the Evidence of any one white Person shall be sufficient to convict such Offender or Offenders, if against a white Person, and if against a Mulatto, Indian, or Negro Slave, the Evidence of any one Mulatto, Indian, or Negro shall be sufficient to convict him, her, or them j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And the Person so licensed to fell Powder and Ammunition in any of the Licensed Per-Three Towns, shall, in order to prevent any Dangers that may happen, be ob- Tj?^pv

' liged to put and keep all his Powder, excepting the Quantity of Two Barrels at ah,- but two Time, in the Magazines. Barrels, in the

VII. And the Captain of the Fort, and all others that have the Custody of MaSazlnes' the said Magazines, or any of them, are hereby obliged and required to receive which the and keep the said Powder, and deliver out the same as Occasion shall require, pXedwre-under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; for which he shall have and receive ceive and de-from the Owner at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six-Pence perllver out-Barrel.

VIII. And to prevent such Persons to whom such Licences shall be granted. The best Pi-as aforesaid, from extorting or demanding a larger Price than what is common £e so'd and usual for Gunpowder, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That they for more than, shall not demand or receive above One Shilling and Ten-Pence Halfpenny per If a.nd 10 cL Pound for the best Pistol Powder in each of the Three Towns aforesaid, under i/,*

the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every such Offence; to be recovered upon the Oath of any one white Person, before any of his Majesty's Justices of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; one Half whereof shall be to the Informer, and the other Half paid to the Receiver-General, to be by him applied for the Use of Parties j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

U

u

An

170

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 94.

A'l Leases, CSV. of the Bath, tffc. void.

500 /. to be raid to the

1731* An Act for rendering the Bath, in the Parish of St, Thomas in the

East, more serviceable.

Act 94. "^T THERE AS the Laws heretofore made for rendering the Bath, in the W Parish of St. ‘Thomas in the Eafi, beneficial and advantageous to the Tick and infirm Inhabitants of this Island, for want of due Execution of the said Laws, notwithstanding the great Expence it hath been to the Island, hath not hitherto answered the Purposes intended, to the great Prejudice of the sick and infirm Inhabitants : And in regard the Purposes intended by the Act, entituled, An Act to make sundry Persons a Body Politick, and Directors for the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, or the Purposes intended by the said Directors, Grantors, and Lessors of the Bath Lands, Negroes, and Mules, are not prosecuted or complied with by the Grantees or Lessees thereof, but the Mules and Negroes belonging thereto are solely employed in bringing the said Bath Water to Market for Sale, and private Uses; and that there is no House nor proper Conveniencies provided by such Lessees on the Bath Lands for the Accommodation and necessary Entertainment of sick Persons there : In order therefore to remedy such Evils, and for the Advancement and Furtherance of so universala Good, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Bland of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all Leases or Grants of the Spring or Springs called the Bath, and the Land thereto belonging, or of any Part thereof, and of all Negroes, Mules, and other Necessaries to the fame belonging, or in any wise appertaining, shall from henceforth cease, determine, and be utterly void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And for the Advancement of so good and charitable a Work, be it enacted Persons herein by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General do, out of any Fund or aTto b ^un^s unappropriated, pay unto Ezekiel Gomerfall, William Hay man, William Dwelling. Gordon, Andrew Arcedeckne, Alger Pef ell, Thomas Edlyne, Robert Strachan, and house accord - Robert Dnckhigfeld, Esquires, or any Two of them, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be laid out in the building a good comfortable Dwelling-house, the herein given. Wall to be of Stone, or Brick and Lime, Three Feet thick to the Water Table, and Two Feet thick from thence to the Top, with good and convenient Chim-nies, a Kitchen, and Ovens, of like Materials, on such Part of the said Bath Land as the said Ezekiel Gomerfall, William Hayman, William Gordon, Andrew Arcedeckne, Alger Pef ell, Thomas Edlyn, Robert Strachan, and Robert Ducking-field, or any Two of them, shall judge proper and convenient, dig Materials, IIP And for the better enabling the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, fife.out of any to carry on so laudable a Work in the most effectual Manner, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, to make Use of such Part, and so much of the said Lands as they, or any Two of them, shall think proper; and also to bum Lime, dig Sand or Marie, carry Stones, and cut Timber sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid in any Part of the said Land j any Act, Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And that from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the Di-b^l^tcfbubd rectors of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, and their Successors for the Time an House for being, or the major Part of them, to grant and lease out the Bath House and entRec^don Buildings, and any Quantity of the Bath Land, not exceeding One hundred Acres, of the Sick, to such Person and Persons as the said Directors of the Bath of St. Tho?nas the &c' Apostle, and their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time think fit, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding One and twenty Years in Possession, so as such Person or Persons to whom any such Lease or Leases shall be made, shall reside on the said Land, and use his or their utmost Endeavours to provide and find all useful and necessary Accommodations, Lodgings, Attendance, and Provisions for all such sick and infirm People

7 aa

Part of the Path Land

100 Acres of

Act 94.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*7

73

3 s

as shall require the fame, at reasonable Rates and Prices, and give sufficient Security to perform the fame; and also to grant and lease out, for any Term not exceeding One and twenty Years in Possession, to any other Person or Persons who shall reside upon such Land, any Quantity of the Bath Land, not exceeding Thirty Acres, to any one Person.

V. And in order to ascertain the Bounds of the said Lands, be it also enacted, Lands to be That the fame be surveyed and laid out in such Parcels as aforesaid, at the Ex- at^hYptblCk pence of the Publick, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of December nett, or Expence.

at any Time after, as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall appoint and direct.

VI. And for the better Advancement of so good a Work, be it enacted by Negroes ?.p-the Authority aforesaid, That a Road be laid out, opened, and cleared, from the Plantation called Cardiff's at Pori Morant, through Mr. Curtiss, Lloyd's, Captain ingoma Brookes' s, and Plummers, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, entituled, An Act R?ad '°the for the Highways, by the Negroes belonging to Colonel hwymmer's Plantation,said Bath' Risbee's, Wignall's, Taylor's, Teamans's, Roe's, Blair's, Garriocb, or Cardiff's, Pero,

Bowden's, Stoake s, Curtis's, Peak, and Aldcroft's, Feak's Penn, Colonel Warren's, Brookes's, Plummers, Afcough's, and Plantain Garden River, to the said

Spring or Springs and Bath, within the Space of Six Months) and that the said Andrew Arcedeckne, and Thomas Edlyne, Esquires, and Thomas Plummer, and ffohn Swarton, junior, or any one or more of them, be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Surveyors of the said Highway or Road.

VII. And the better to enable the said Surveyors to do their Duty in making On Surveyors

the said Road, they, or any one or more of them, are hereby impowered to ap- ^FP^ao"on» ply to any onejustice of the Peace, who, on such Application, is hereby required to peace is to issue his Warrant to summon a Jury to lay out the said Road, under the Penalty Lmmon a Ju-of One hundred Pounds. the^oad.0

VIII. And the said Surveyors are hereby also required and obliged, within Thirty Days after the said Roads shall be so laid out, to issue their Warrant to warn the aforesaid Plantations or Settlements out of every Five given into the Vestry in the said Parish, to fend one able working Negro with proper Tools, such as the said Surveyors, or any one or more of them, shall direct, to work at such Place as the said Surveyors, or any one or more of them, shall direct; and there to continue until the said Road be opened, cleared, and mended, under the Penalty Penalty on of Fifty Pounds for every Person who shall neglect fending his Negro or Negroes jP^°ns nc^d with such Tools as aforesaid j and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or delay Negroes? &c. to fend his, her, or their Number or Complement of Negroes with proper Tools,

and continue them as aforesaid, he shall, for every Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Shillings a Day; to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace, who, on Application and Proof made by Oath, is hereby obliged and required to issue such Warrant, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Directors may may be lawful to and for the said Directors of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, soldiers!^ and their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to grant any Number of Acres, not exceeding Thirty Acres of the said Bath Land, to any

Soldier or other Person who shall settle and manure the fame: But if any such Grantee shall neglect settling or manuring the said Land for the Space of Six Months after the Date of such Grant, or having once settled, or begun a Settlement on any Part, and shall quit or decline the Continuation thereof for the Space of Three Months, he shall forfeit the fame, to all Intents and Purposes, to the Directors of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle aforesaid, and their Successors for the Time being, and the said Directors of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, and their Successors for the Time being, or the major Part of them, may at any Time afterwards grant and convey the fame any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And all Persons who shall, in Pursuance of this Act, settle on the said Settlers ex-

Bath Lands, or any Part thereof, shall, and they are hereby exempted from all Parochial and Publick Taxes whatsoever for Seven Years, from the Time they 7 Years, shall begin such Settlement or Settlements; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, XI. And

172

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 94, 95.

3731.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties

- <-> and Forfeitures herein before mentioned, and not declared where they shall be

Penalties how recovered, or how disposed of, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judi-to be recover-cature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or Injunction shall be granted or allowed; and shall be to the said Directors of the Bath of St. Thomas the Apostle, and their Successors for the Time being, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Bath; the said Act, or any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

ed

Act 95.

Persons to hold their Lands, (ffc. notwithstanding their Patents be loft.

[Proviso.]

This Act not to give any Tide to Persons possessed of Lands devised to charitable Uses, isfc.

An Act for the further quieting Possessions, and regulating Re-

surveys,

WHEREAS nothing can tend more to encourage the Settling of this Island, than the quieting such Persons who are already settled, or shall hereafter settle in the fame, in the Possession of their Lands and Estates: And whereas the several Acts hitherto made for that Purpose have not proved effectual, and many expensive and vexatious Suits at Law and Equity have been already, and hereafter may be commenced, by reason of the Uncertainty of the Lines and Boundaries of Lands and Titles under Wills and other Conveyances: For Remedy whereof, and for quieting the People already settled, and to encourage others to become Planters and Settlers in this Island, we your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first: Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty two, all and every Person and Persons who hold any Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or Hereditaments by virtue of any Deed, Will, or Conveyance whatsoever, or of any Patent for which Quit-rent hath been paid for Twenty Years at the least, or from the Date of such Patent, though the fame, or any Alignment thereof, may have been loft; or that hold by virtue of any Order, and have paid Quit-rent for the Time aforesaid, and hath or have been in peaceable and quiet Possession of any Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or other Hereditaments, for and during the Space of Seven Years last past before the making of this Act, or shall continue in such Possession of the fame for the Space of Seven Years from and after the said first: Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty two, or shall at any Time hereafter be and continue in such Possession, for the Space of Seven Years from their first: possessing of the fame, either by them-feives,' or those under whom they claim, shall have and enjoy such Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or other Hereditaments, to them and their Heirs for ever, against his Majesty and his Heirs, and all other Persons whatsoever; and shall be at Liberty to give this Act in Evidence, or plead the fame in bar in any Suit or Suits, Claim or Demand to be brought or made against: him, her, or them, by his Majesty or his Successors, or any other Person whatsoever, the Right or Title of any prior Patentee, or any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary hereof notwithstanding; the Right and Title of any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, Woman under Coverture, and Persons of unfound Memory, always excepted and foreprized.

II. Provided such Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, Woman under Coverture, or Person of unfound Memory, shall respectively bring their Actions for such Estate, as aforesaid, within Three Years after such Person under Age shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or Woman under Coverture shall become foie, or Persons of unfound Memory become Compos mentis.

III. And provided nevertheless, That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall not extend, or be deemed, held, taken, or construed to extend, to confirm or give Title to any Person or Persons seized or possessed of any Lands conveyed or devised to any charitable Use or Uses, Mortgagee or Lessee of any Lands, Tenements,

Act 95. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

173

ments, Negroe, or other Slaves, or Hereditaments, mortgaged or in Lease, or to 1731. any other Person or Persons, to any Lands, Tenements, Negroe, or other Slaves, -‘V — J or Hereditaments, by him, her, or them possessed, as Attorney or Guardian, or other wise, in Right of another, or to any particular Use, Trust, Courtefv, Dower,

Estate for Years, or for Life or Entail, or to any Person or Persons whatsoever claiming, or to claim by, from, or under any Mortgagee or Lessee, or to any Attorney or Guardian, or other Person seized or possessed, to the Use of, or in Trust for another, or under such Tenants by the Courtesy in Dower, for Years, or for Life, but that the fame remain and be, to all Intents and Purposes, as before the making of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And for the better ascertaining the Bounds of all Lands which shall be hereafter disputed, and for preventing the evil Practices of Surveyors, whereby so many vexatious and expensive Suits may be commenced and supported, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever any Suit shall hereafter be judges to de-brought for Lands, where the Boundaries shall be disputed, the Judges before t£.nnine the whom the same shall arise, shall adjudge the real run and marked Lines, which t0‘^sEpre°orf-are proved before them to be real original run and marked Lines, or such that have gina! Lines, been deemed, reputed, or taken to be the marked Lines for the Space of ten Years ^ie^of the' last part, to be the true Boundaries of the Land in Dispute j or where the real ori- Land in Dif-ginal run Lines cannot be proved, that they shall adjudge and determine by such Fute-Lines as shall best answer the Course and Distance of the original Plat or Patent

for such Lands.

V. Provided the fame be made by any lawful Surveyor or Surveyors, duly Proviso, sworn to do Justice in that Behalf, and the Plat and Fieldwork thereof be annexed, signed, and attested by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and that the Record of such Plat, that shall hereafter be made in Manner aforesaid, and duly recorded in the Clerk of the Patents Office, shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties, and be sufficient Evidence to determine the Right of the Possessor to all

the Lands within the Lines of the said Re-survey Plat.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Surveyor Surveyors not shall or do presume for the future to run or trace any Lines on any Writ of View,

but the very Lines actually in Dispute, under the Penalty of forfeiting Five hun- those in Dif-dred Pounds for every such Offence; unless particularly directed by the Court Pute-from which such Writ shall issue, who are hereby impowered and required to give such Direction.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Writs Surveyor's of View hereafter to be issued, a Surveyor shall receive Four Pence an Acre for Fees> surveying; and in all necessary Traverses, Twenty Shillings for every Mile of eighty Chains, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number of Chains; and Eighteen Pence a Mile from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega to the Place every such Writ of View shall be executed, for travelling Charges, Trouble, and Expences, and no more; under the Penalty of forfeiting One hundred Pounds for every Time he shall ask for, or take any more than is allowed by this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every sworn Survey- To survey for or, upon Application made to him by any Person to make any Re-survey of Land, thofewhofirft shall make an Entry in a Book to be kept by him for that Purpose; and shall notappyt° em‘ presume, on Pretence of any general Application made to him by any Person, or otherwise than upon a particular Application to him for particular Runs (to the

Truth of which the Surveyor shall make Oath, if required) to prefer any other ‘

Person whatsoever; but re-survey for him that first applied to him, upon his paying, or tendering io pay for such Re-survey and Mile-money as herein before is directed, under the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal contrary to the Direction of this Act.

IX. And in order to encourage new Settlers in this Island, and to quiet them PersonsfalHng and others in their Settlements, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if l,P°"the Land

v, /* 111 1 ] or others, to

any Person or Persons that hath or have begun a Settlement, or that shall begin to pay for the make a new Settlement, shall by Mistake happen to fall into, or upon any elder fame» notex' or other Run of Land, and to plant or build upon it, he shall be liable to pay for Aae4° *' it to the true Owner or Proprietor thereof, according to the Value of the said

X x Land,

i7+

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 95, 96.

1731. Land, at the Time of the Trespass to be committed, not exceeding the Sum of \--y — > Forty Shillings per Acre, for so much thereof as he shall actually have so fallen and settled upon; the same to be valued and adjusted by one neighbouring Justice of the Peace and two Freeholders upon Oath, who are hereby required and impowered to value the fame accordingly, within ten Days after Request made to them so to do, by either of the Parties claiming the fame, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal; and upon such Valuation and Ad-justment, and Payment of the said Sum, the Proprietor thereof shall convey the fame over "to such Person so settled upon the fame; in Default thereof the said Land shall be adjudged to belong to the said new Settler, his Heirs and Assigns, and be confirmed to him or them, and deemed and taken to be Part and Parcel of his own Land for ever.

Settling upon X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen that longing^to the any Person, by Mistake of Surveyors, or otherwise, hath settled, or shall hereaf-Crown entitl ter settle upon any Land belonging to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and fouhe feme" ^ame shall he afterwards found to be so; yet such Person, that shall be so e' settled, shall be preferred to all or any other Person or Persons, and entitled to a Patent for the same to him, her, or them, and his, her, or their Heirs, paying the usual Fees only. Provided he, she, or they apply for such Patent, and pay the Quit-rents, usually reserved for such Time as they have been possessed hereof, as aforesaid; and until such Patent shall pass the Seal, such Possessor, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, shall continue in quiet and peaceable Possession of the said Land.

[Proviso.]

XI. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor any thing in it contained,

shall extend to bar or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of any Person or Persons who hath or have already commenced or brought his or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, that is or are now depending, or of any Person or Persons who shall commence or bring his or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits on or before the first Day of May, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty four, and shall prosecute the same to Effect.

Forfeitures

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety Fow tobeap- of ajj Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act, and not directed how to be P recovered or disposed of, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for

and towards the Support of the Government of this his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety, or half Part, to the Informer, who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within this Island; wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin, Protection, Injunction, or Noli prosequi shall be allowed; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Law to the contrary in any ! wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the better preferring of the Records in the fevered Publick Offces of this If and, fapplying and remedying DefeSls in several former Laws, for preventing fraudulent Deeds and Conveyancesy and recording old Wills in a prefixed Time.

Act 96. XT THERE AS some Inconveniencies have already happened, through the \\ Negligence and Misbehaviour of some Officers in the respective Offices of Record of this Island : For the Prevention of such Inconveniencies for the future, and the razing, embeziling, or destroying of any the Records or Enrolments within this Island; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by Penalty on the Authority of the same, That if any Person whatsoever shall make, or cause fngaTyEntry,to ma^e> any Razure, or false Entry, or shall raze out, embezil, or steal any &c. Entry, or Book of Entry, wherein any Patent, Deed, Conveyance, Will, or i

Testament already is, or hereafter shall be entered or recorded in the said Office

of

Act 96.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

75

of Enrolments, or Secretary's Office of this Island, or shall make, or cause to be 1731.

made, any Razure, or false Entry, or shall raze, embezil, or steal any Record of ' -

a Judgment or Decree entered or recorded in any Book of Entry or Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, or of the Clerk of the Patents, and Register of the Court of Chancery in this Island; or shall raze, alter, or Ideal any Alphabet belonging, or which shall hereafter belong to any Book or Books of Record in the said several Offices of this Island, or either of them j he or they so offending, shall be proceeded against, tried, and punished in like Manner and Form, and be subject to the fame Forfeitures and Penalties, as if the Fabt had been committed in that Part of Great Britain called England.

II. And in order to prevent the Difficulty that attends the proving Titles to Estates, where the original Patents, Wills, or Deeds are or may be lost or mislaid, or the Witnesses who attested the same are dead, or gone off this Island, or not

to be found j be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Records of any Records en-Letters Patent enrolled in the Secretary's Office, or Office of Enrolments in this Secretary^6 Island j and the Record of any Deeds duly executed, and proved, or acknowledg- Office, to be ed, and enrolled in the said Office, or any other Office of Record, according to deerabd.^uffi*

j o cientP vicpncf*

the several Abls of the Governor, Council, and Assembly in that Cafe made and in all Courts provided* and the Record or Enrolment of any Last Wills and Testaments, duly Eaw» &'c-executed according to Law, and proved before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, by one or more of the subscribing Witnesses thereto; shall at all Times hereafter be deemed, judged, and taken sufficient Evidence of the several Persons Titles to any Lands, Tenements, Negroes, Hereditaments, or Estate whatsoever, Real or Personal, claimed under the said Patents, Deeds, Conveyances, or Wills; and the same shall be read and allowed in all and every Court or Courts of Law or Equity within this Island, as if the original Patents, Deeds, Conveyances, or Wills were actually produced, proved, and read in all and every the said Courts.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Exempli- TheExempli-fication of all Wills made in Great Britain or Ireland, or any other of his Maje- w-nis made in fly's Colonies or Dominions, and sent over to this Island, attested as such (after Great Britain Probate thereof made according to Law in the said several Dominions and Colonies orlretmJ,8cc.

O o fVpr Prnbstp

respectively) under the Seal of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, or under the thereof made. Seal of the Archbishop or Lord Mayor of Dublin; or any other Archbishops in to be good their respective Dioceses in England or Ireland; or the Mayor, Provosts, or Bai- Evidence* liffs of any other Corporation or Body Politick; or under the Seal of any of the said Dominions or Colonies respectively, and afterwards recorded or enrolled in this Island, shall be good and sufficient Evidence (and read and allowed as such) of the Title of the Party or Parties claiming or to claim any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Estate whatsoever under such Wills or Testaments so exemplified respectively, in all and every the Court or Courts of Law and Equity within this Island; any thing in this, or in any other Abl or Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by an Act, entituled, An Act for registering Deeds and Pa- How Register tents, it is (amongst other Things) therein enabled, That if any Vendee of any j^Deeds may Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, hath omitted to execute and enrol his though regi-Deed within the Time, and pursuant to the Form prescribed by the said Law, fter'd out of but should at any Time afterwards have done the fame, no second Sale being Form' made by the first Vendor, his Heirs or Executors, the fame should nevertheless be good to the said Vendee, his Heirs and Executors, and a perpetual Bar against the first Vendor and his Heirs; any thing in that Abl, or any other to the contrary notwithstanding. And whereas, through the Omission of the Words for shall hereafter omit) several Disputes have arisen, and honest Purchasers have been defrauded, by reason of some Neglects or Omissions in the Form and Proofs on Deeds, and recording the fame within the prefixed Times therein mentioned.

And whereas it is also therein further enabled, That all Deeds and Conveyances, granted and made out of this Island, and remitted hither, being proved before the Governor, or any of the Judges of the Courts of Common-Pleas, and all those Deeds and Conveyances where any Granter or Conveyancer should personally appear

176

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 96.

1731. pear in his Majesty's Court, held before the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the '-'-V"'"'--' City of London for the Time being, and should then and there own and acknowledge such Deed, Grant, or Conveyance, to be his Act and Deed, and an Attest thereof be made under the Seal of the Mayoralty of the said City, and the fame be recorded in the aforesaid Office (meaning the Office of Enrolments of this Island) within six Months of the Arrival of the Ship that brought the fame, should, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be as valid, as if the said Deed or Conveyance had been here made, acknowledged, proved, and recorded according to the Form and Time herein before appointed. And whereas the said two Clauses before recited have occasioned several Disputes, and the latter may occasion and induce further Frauds, no Time being prefixed for the enrolling of Deeds made out of this Island, other than as aforesaid, to the Prejudice of the just Purchasers and Creditors, who may have paid or lent their Money, not knowing that the Lands conveyed or charged to them may before have been conveyed or charged to some other Person or Persons, and kept dormant: For the Prevention whereof for the future, and remedying the before mentioned and other Deeds hereto-Inconveniencies, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and that have been eveT ^eed or Deeds heretofore made of any Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or duly proved, Hereditaments whatsoever in this Island, and that has or have been duly proved adjudged va- or acknowledged before the Governor, or Commander in Chief, or some Judge 1 m Law. Qr judges of the Grand Court, or any other Court of Record in this Island, such Deed and Deeds shall be, and they are hereby enacted, declared, and adjudged to be good and valid in the Law to pass and convey a just Title for all such Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and Hereditaments to all and every Purchaser and Purchasers, Grantee and Grantees, where no second Sale shall appear to be or have been proved and recorded, as before directed by the said Law; any thing in this, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Deed or Deeds which shall be made or executed within this Island from and after

Days, other- the first Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven 'VgaInft°other hundred and thirty two, for any Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or Hereditaments whatsoever, shall be duly proved, or acknowledged, and recorded within ninety Days after the Date or Dates of such Deed or Deeds, otherwise to star.d void and of no Effect against all other Purchasers or Mortgagees, bona fide., for valuable Consideration of the said Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or Hereditaments, who shall duly prove and record their Deeds within the Time prescribed by this Act, from the Dates of their respective Deeds.

VI. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Vendee or Mortgagee of any Lands, Tenements, Negroes or Hereditaments, shall hereafter omit to prove and record his Deed within the Time, and pursuant to the Form prescribed by this Act, but shall at any Time afterwards do the fame, no second Sale or Mortgage being made by the first Vendor or Mortgager, his Heirs or Assigns, the same shall nevertheless be good to the said Vendee or Mortgagee, his Heirs or Executors, and a perpetual Bar against the first Vendor or Mortgager, and his Heirs j any thing in this Act, or any other to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deeds and Conveyances made and executed out of this Island, for any Lands, Tenements,

enrolled with-Negroes, or Hereditaments within this Island, from the first Day of May which in six Months, pe jn tpe year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-two,

shall be duly proved, or acknowledged and recorded, or enrolled in the Office of Enrolments of this Island, within fix Kalendar Months after the Dates of such Deeds or Conveyances, and within ninety Days after the Arrival of the Ship which brought the fame, otherwise to stand void, with respect to other Purchasers or Mortgagees, bo?ia jide, for valuable Consideration, as aforesaid; but still to preserve and maintain a Right and Title against the Vendor or Mortgager, and his or their Heirs, in case the first Vendee or Mortgagee shall at any Time duly prove and record his or their Deeds or Conveyances 5 no second, or other Deed or Conveyance being in the mean time proved, or acknowledged, and recorded, or enrolled,

Deeds to be recorded within 90

Purchasers.

[Proviso.]

Deeds made out of the Island, to be

Act 96,97. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

*77

rolled, in Favour of any other Person or Persons, as aforesaid; any Law, Custom, 1731. or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. -

VIII. And in order to discourage and deter all and every Person and Persons from making any fraudulent Conveyances or Mortgages, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Vendor or Mortgager of Lands, Tene- Penalty on ments, Negroes, or Hereditaments within this Island, shall presume to execute -^ccond* a second, or other Deed of Conveyance or Sale of the fame Lands, Tenements, Deed without Negroes, or Hereditaments, other than to the first Vendee of such Lands,Tenements, t^n^°ninS Negroes, or Hereditaments, or a second or other Deed of Mortgage without having taken Notice in the said Deed of Mortgage of the first or prior Mortgage or Mortgages, with which the said Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or Hereditaments stand charged at the Time of executing the said Deed; all and every Person and Persons so offending shall be tried and punished, and subject to the like Forfeitures and Penalties, as by the Laws of that Part of Great Britain called England is provided against all such Persons as shall execute Deeds of Mortgage without taking Notice of all prior Mortgages made.

IX. And whereas there is now remaining in the Secretary's Office of this Island a great Number of original Wills that are not recorded, under which many Persons are entitled to Estates; and for want of such Wills being recorded, many Disputes and Inconveniencies may happen : For Prevention whereof, be it enact- Secretary to ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do, and he is w^bunre-hereby obliged, on or before the first Day of November next to record, or cause corded.

to be recorded, all and every original Will and Wills, now unrecorded, which were in his Office before the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty, in a fair well bound Book to be kept for that Purpose; for which he shall be paid by the Receiver General out of any Fund or Funds raised, or to be raised for each Will according to the Rates now allowed for recording of other Deeds or Wills.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of this Act, Copy of and also of one other Act passed this Sessions, entituled, An Act for the further this Act to be auieting Pqfjcffions, and regulating Resurveys, be sent as soon as conveniently may chLTjustice be, by the Secretary, to the Chief Justice of this Island, to be read every Grand of the Island, Court for two Years next ensuing; and also one to every Cufos in this Island, to^f*

be read in every Quarter-session of the Peace to be held in this Island, for the Space of Two Years from the passing thereof; and the said Chief Justice, and Cufoss respectively, are hereby required to order the same to be read, as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds each, for every Neglect or Refusal; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction, or Noli prosequi shall be granted or allowed; the one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue for the fame; any thing in this Act, or in any other to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for each of the said Copies by the Secretary so to be made out and sent, as aforesaid, he shall Secretary's be paid by the Receiver General, out of any Money in his Hands, die Sum of Fce<

Twenty Shillings, which shall be allowed the Receiver General in his Accounts; any thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for keeping a Nightly TVatch in the Town of Kingston, 1732. and for the Preve?ztion of Damages that may arise by Fire.

HERE AS the Town of Kingston is of very great Importance, as it is^CT become the chief Seat of Trade, and consequently the general Mart or

Warehouse for Provisions, and all Kinds of Materials necessary for the Support and Defence of this Island : And whereas there have been of late frequent Bur-

Yy

glaries

178

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 97.

isfc. for defraying the Charge.

Neglect of Duty

1732~ glaries and Robberies committed in the said Town 3 for preventing of which for the future, and for Security of the said Town, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted A Nnhtiy an<^ opined by the Authority of the same, That one or more Watch or Watches Watch to be shall be kept in the said Town of Kingston every Night, at such Places, and in Manner and Number, as the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Kingston for the Time being shall direct and appoint.

II. And for the better upholding the said Watch, and Encouragement of the Watchmen carefully to do their Duty, be it enacted by the Authority afore-

Justices and said, That the said Justices and Vestry may, and they are hereby impowered and ^Taxonthe^ recluired to Ly a just and equal Tax, as well on the transient trading Men of the Inhabitants, said Town, as on the Inhabitants thereof, once every Year, not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds 3 which said Tax shall commence from the first Day of June next, and be collected and levied in the same Manner as the Parish Tax is, and paid into the Hands of the Church-wardens for the Time being 3 to be applied to the Payment of such Constables, and such other Pefons, as the said Justices and Vestry shall think proper to employ as a Nightly Watch in the said Town.

III. And in order to prevent any Constable's refilling to do his or their Duty, or to take Charge of the Watch, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

Constable to That each and every Constable in the said Town shall, in their Turns, take everydNight Charge of the said Watch, as they shall be directed by the Justices of the major Part of them, and shall receive as a Gratuity for their Trouble, the Sum of Five Shillings each Night he or they shall so watch j which said Five Shillings each Night shall be paid to them by the Church-wardens of the same Parish for the Time being: But in case any Constable so appointed shall refuse to take Charge of the Watch, and do his Duty, as directed by the Justices, or major Part of them, he or they shall forfeit for every Neglect or Refusal the Sum of Ten Pounds, current Money of this Istand.

IV. And whereas a great Part of the Houses and Store-houses in the said Town are built of Timber and Boards, whereby the said Town is liable to take Fire : And whereas there are great Numbers of Coopers Shops in the said Town, the Owners whereof do not take proper Care in the using of Fire for burning of Cask, from whence ill Consequences may ensue: For Remedy whereof, and preventing any Accidents that may arise from Fire, be it enacted by the Autho-

No Cooper to rity aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August next, no Cooper, or makeCa'ks in Person raising or making Cask, shall suffer any Fire to be made in his Yard, or ^Shu?ina any other Part of the Town, where he or his Servants or Slaves shall work, but Square to be in a Square, to be built of Brick by every such Cooper, or Person so raising or Pu^orethat mak"ing Cask, of Eight Foot high, with one Door, and that to the Westward of every such Building, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Week he shall delay or neglect to raise such an Inclosure, and for every Time he shall suffer any such Fire to be made in his Yard, or any other Part of the Town, where he or his Servants or Slaves shall work, as aforesaid, out of such Square as aforesaid, after the said first Day of August next.

V. And as a sufficient Supply of Water will be necessary in case of an Ac-

r°ifed for dig-C1<^ent of Fire, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum, not ex-ging 3 Wells, ceeding Two hundred Pounds, current Money of this Istand, shall be raised by oTwater^n Ju^'ces anc^ of the said Town in Manner aforesaid, for the making

case of Fire, of Three Wells, and fixing Pumps on each of them, in such convenient Places,

as the Justices and Vestry shall think proper.

VI. And whereas there are great Number of Negroe Huts and Hovels in the Front of the said Town, towards the Sea, which renders it very liable to be set on Fire j be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of November next, the Justices are hereby impowered and required to grant their Warrants to the Constables of the said Town, for razing and pulling down all such Huts and Hovels 3 and the said Constables are hereby commanded and required immediately to put in Execution all such Warrants so directed to them.

All Negro Huts to be pulled down.

Act97?q8. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 179

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whoever 1732. shall erect, or suffer to be erected hereafter, any such Huts or Hovels in the Front — v — J of the said Town, toward the Sea, shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds forever y eStinv Huts. such Offence.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one Moiety Disposition of of all Forfeitures and Penalties mentioned in this Act, and not directed how to Forfeitures-be recovered or disposed of, shall be for the Support of the Poor of the Parish;

and the other Moiety to the Informer, who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, or Information in the Court of Common Pleas in the said Town, wherein no Wager of Law, Essoin, Protection, Injunction, or Noli prosequi shall be allowed; any thing in this Act, or in any other Act or Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to secure the Freedom of Elections^ and directing the Pro- 17 ceedings in the Choice of Members to serve in Assemblies in this Jfaitd; to qualify Persons eleSled to serve in future Assemblies in this Ifla?id\ and to ascertain who pall be deemed Mulattoes for the future.

WHEREAS of late great Abuses, and many indiredl Practices have been Act 98.

made use of,as well by Candidates as Electors, in the Elections of Members to serve in the Assemblies in this Island : For preventing the fame for the future, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That when any Assembly shall be hereafter summoned or called, there shall be Forty Days between the Teste alid Return of the Writs of Summons; and that the Provost-niarshal, or his lawful Deputy or Deputies for the Time being, with as much convenient Speed as may be, shall transmit Warrants to the Cnjlos Rotulorum, and in his Absence, to some Justice of the Peace residing in such Parish, directed to the Constables, to warn the respective Freeholders inhabiting in such Parish, to appear at the Election of Representatives; and that the Custos Rotulorum, or Justice, receiving and signing such Warrants as aforesaid, shall cause them to be given to Free-delivered to the said Constables, so that they may be enabled to give each of the holders,of the said Freeholders Five Days Notice at the least, of the Time and Place of the Elec- p/aTe of any tion for such Parish. Election.

II. And forasmuch as many Inconveniencies have been found by electing Twop Members for Two or more Parishes upon one and the same Day: For the reme-ftottoeleaon dying thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That hereafter a the same Day. separate Day shall be appointed in every of the said Writs of Summons for the Election of Members in each Parish of this Island, and that no Two or more Parishes shall elect upon one and the same Day; and in case any of the said Writs of Summons shall not be executed upon the Day thereby appointed, no new or other Writ or Writs shall issue for electing any Member or Members to serve for such Parish, until after the Meeting of such Assembly.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at such Election, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any for them, first take an Oath in the Words following:

I A.B. do swear, That I am a Freeholder, in my own or my Wife's Right, in Freeholder's Law or Equity, really and truly, in the Parish o*uh-

by Title proved or acknowledged', and recorded in the Off.ce of Enrolments Three Months at the leaf : and that my said Freehold miffs of a Tenement of the real Value of Ten Pounds per Annum, or a Penn, with Six Head of Cattle, of the like or equal Value, or a Plantation, with Five Acres at the leaf, planted; and that my said Freehold is situate, lying, and being at and is

butted and bounded and was patented in the Name of

and

i So

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 98.

Penalty on Custos, &c. not perform

1732. and that it hath not been given or granted to me fraudulentli or on purpose to qualify me to give my Vote at this Election j and that I have not before been polled, or given my Vote at this ElcBion.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided always, That if any the Freeholders be a professed Quaker,

his Affirmation instead of the said Oath shall be received, such Quaker having first likewise taken the Affirmation appointed by an Act of Parliament in the first Year of his late Majesty's Reign in Great Britain, entituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act of the seventh and eighth Years of his late Majesty Ki?ig William the Third, entituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted, infead of an Oath, in the usual Form; and for explaining a?id enforcing the said Act, in relation to the Payment of Tythes and Church Rates; and for appointing the Form of an Affirmation to be taken by the said People called Quakers, infead of the Oath of Abjuration.

V. And in regard of the great Distance of the Residence of many of the Freeholders from the usual Places of Election in the several Parishes of this Island; and that none of them, if able and willing, be prevented to give their Voices for

Timeofkeep-Election of their Representatives; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ing open the the Poll of each Parish be kept open until Five of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day of such Election, and no longer, if the Candidates desire the fame^ but that no Adjournment shall intervene, upon any Pretence whatsoever, till the Poll is closed, which shall begin between the Hours of Nine and Twelve in the Morning.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Custos Rotuhrum, Justice of the Peace, or Provost-marshal, or any his Deputies what-

ingnisDuty; soever, concerned in the Execution of the said Writs of Summons, or other the Matters aforesaid, shall neglect to do his or their Duty in the Premises, then every such Cufos Rotulorum, Justice of the Peace, or Provost-marshal or his Deputy, so neglecting his Duty, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds current Money of this Island.

VII. And every Constable, or other Person or Persons so neglecting his or their Duty in the said Premisses, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds like current Money of this Eland; one Half of which said Forfeitures shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Eland, and the contingent Charges thereof j the other Moiety to the Party aggrieved; to be recovered in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature in this Eland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege, or Imparlance shall be allowed; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

rio^to bfent

VIII. And whereas several indirect Practices have been made use of to prevent out on Parties Several Persons giving in their Votes, either by keeping them in Arms on the on Election Day of the said Election, or fending the Freeholders out on Parties j be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Regiment, or any Company or Troop of any Parish or Precinct where any Election is to be, shall be in Arms on the Day of such Election; and that immediately after Notice of any Assembly so to be convened as aforesaid, no Person that is a Freeholder shall be lent or forced out on any Party, till such Election shall be over, except in the Cafe of an Invasion, actual Insurrection, or Rebellion; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, under the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds current Money of this Eland; to be recovered in any Court of Record against any Person offending contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; one Half whereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Moiety to the Informer, or to him or them that shall inform or sue for the fame, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

and on Constables.

Days.

7

Act 98,99. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

181

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of fitting in any future Assembly of this Island, who shall not take the following Oath, viz.

1733-

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and bona fide have an Estate in my own or my Member's Wipe's Right, in Law or Equity, oj or in Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or other at Hereditaments, over and above what is sufficient to pay all my jujl and proper Debts, of the Value of Three Himdred Pounds per Annum, or Three thousand Pounds in Gross.

Which Oath shall be taken and administered at the said Time, and in the same Manner, that the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy are to be taken by, and administred to the several Members; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And for the better ascertaining who shall be deemed Mulattoes within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person who is not above Three Degrees removed in a lineal Descent ^med Mu-from the Negroe Ancestor exclusive, shall be allowed to vote or poll in Elections; lattoes. and no one shall be deemed a Mulatto after the Third Generation, as aforesaid, but that they shall have all the Privileges and Immunities of his Majesty's white Subjects of this Island, provided they are brought up in the Christian Religion. '

An Act for securing and collecting his Majesty s ^]uit-rents, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments - and for regulating the Manner of Escheats; and for securing the PoJJejfors of hands already forfeited and settled, and further Discovery of such forfeited Lands, and encouraging the settling thereof

WHEREAS the Methods hitherto taken for collecting of your Majesty's Act 99.

Quit-rents have proved ineffectual, many Persons having found Means to evade or delay Payment of the fame, to the great Prejudice of your Majesty's Revenue, and inViolation of the Patents granted by your Majesty, and your Royal Predecessors: For the Prevention of such Practices for the future, and the Ease of the Inhabitants of this Island of some Part of the heavy Taxes they at present labour under, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the Island of Jamaica, therefore most humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and it is hereby of enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That all Owners of Land Land, &e. to within this Island, their Guardians, Agents or Attornies, shall repair to the Town repair to St. of St. Jago de la Vega, or Kingston, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March next, and then and there account with the Receiver General, or his Deputy, for there account all such Sum or Sums of Money as are or shall be due and payable for their Quit-rents, and pay the same; or, if exceeding Twenty Pounds, give Bond, and their Quit-sufficient Security to pay the same in Six Months after the making up of such rents due, &v. Accounts, with Interest at and after the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum; and all Persons neglecting or refusing to account with the Receiver General, or his Deputy, in the Manner aforesaid, shall be chargeable and answerable for the fame, with Interest at and after the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the passing of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Clauseagainst Owners or Proprietors of Land within this Island, their Guardians, Agents, ieaingfoto* or Attornies, who for the future shall neglect or refuse to account with the do, tsfe.within Receiver General, or his Deputy, for their respective Quit-rents, to accrue and3 Years' become due after the passing of this Act, within every Three Years, and pay the same; or, if exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, give Bond to pay the same within Six Months after; every such Owner or Proprietor shall be charts z geable

I 82

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 99.

1733-

Recital of a former Quit rent Ad.

geable and answerable for the fame, with Interest at and after the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Time of the last Payment j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas in and by an Act, entituled, An Act for afceztaming, ejla-bliJJjing, and more speedy collecting her Majesty's Quit-rents, it is therein enacted and ordained, (amongst other Things) That all Persons that did not inhabit and reside within this Island, and were possessed and held any Land or Lands within the same, and had not Effects whereon her Majesty might distrain for the Quit-rents due for the fame in this Island, every such Person or Persons were thereby required and obliged, by themselves, Agent, or Attorney, within Eighteen Months after the First Day of February, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three, to account with the Receiver General for the Time being, or his Deputy, and pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as should be found due to her then Majesty for Quit-rents, since the Feast of St. Michael the Arch-angel, in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety two, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said Land or Lands; and in case at the Expiration of the said Term of Eighteen Months, after the said First Day of February, in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and three, the said Owner or Possessor did not, by himself, Agent, Attorney, or other Person, account and pay, as by that Act was required, that then the Provost-marshal General of this Island, or his Deputy, were thereby authorized and required to make Proclamation of the fame in the Supreme Court of Judicature, held at the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, the two next Courts after such Failure and Forfeiture, and Judgment should be affirmed to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, were thereby required and impowered to seize the fame accordingly; and from thenceforth the said Land or Lands, as aforesaid, were to be veiled in our late Sovereign Lady the Queen, her Heirs, and Successors, and were to be a perpetual Bar against any former Patent, Grant, or Claim whatsoever; and that then it should and might be lawful for the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, by Letters Patent under the Broad Seal of this Island, to grant the said forfeited Land or Lands to any Person or Persons whatsoever; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. And whereas several Difficulties have arisen touching the Time of making Proclamations against the Lands, or Persons forfeiting such Lands, in regard the fame is directed to be made the two next Courts after such Failure and Forfeiture by the said two above recited Clauses, and through the Neglect of the Provost-marshals the fame have not been done j and some Persons who have obtained Grants of such forfeited Lands, Proclamations not having been made the two next ensuing Courts after the Forfeiture accrued, are and remain in Doubt of their Title: For the preventing of all such Inconveniencies, and to encourage the further settling

All Grants of of this Island, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and Lands^against every Grant and Grants already passed of such forfeited Lands, against which which Procla- Proclamations have been made, and Judgments thereon affirmed, be, and are been°madeVe hereby made good and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as fully as if Pro-&c. made " clamations had been made and done the two next ensuing Courts after the said good. First Day of February, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and three.

IV. And the more effectually to discover all such forfeited Lands for the future, and in order to encourage the settling of the fame, be it further enacted by the

Clausetoen- Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall hereafter discover to fons^make Governor, his Majesty's Attorney General, or the Provost-marshal General Discovery of for the Time being, any Tract or Tracts of such Lands of Absenteesas aforesaid, such Lands for for Quit-rents have not as yet been paid; and such Person or Persons

rentsha^e not shall °ffer to Pay> an^ actually pay the same, and give in Security in the Receiver been paid, General's Office to settle the l'aid Lands so intended to be granted, by falling and planting yearly some Part thereof, and that at least Five Acres of Ground yearly, during the Space of Three Years, and putting and keeping thereon a sufficient Number of white People, in Proportion to the Number of Negroes put thereon; and that according to the Deficiency Act, every such Person and Persons

are

Act 99. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

183

are and shall be, and are hereby intitled to the Preference, and to an actual Grant 1733.

of such Tract or Tracts of Land from and after Judgment shall or may be affirmed -

to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, which it is hereby enacted shall and may be done in any Two ensuing Courts after such Information, such Person or Persons paying for every One hundred Acres Ten Shillings, and no more, to the Governor or Commander in Chief, together with the usual Fees directed in and by an Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Fees; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case any Person shall neglect or omit doing his Duty herein, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Parcel Lanij! escheat-of Land hereafter to be escheated, after Office found for his Majesty, his Heirs found^to be*5 and Successors, shall be cried out in the last Proprietor's Name, three Times every cried outthree second ‘Tuesday of the Grand Court or Term, during the fitting of the said Court, J"

for three Courts or Terms successively, before Judgment pass for the King > and Courr, for 3 that no Patent for any Land hereafter to be escheated shall be granted otherwise; such'c and if any such shall be hereafter granted in any other Manner than as aforesaid, forejudg-every such Grant or Patent shall be deemed illegal, null, and void j any thing in mentis for this, or in any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wifethe Kins' notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Ef- Escheatshere-

cheats hereafter to be granted for any Land, the jury that shall value the same shall granted, the consist of such Persons who shall have a Freehold of the Value of Ten Pounds per Jury to value Annum at least, in the Parish where the Land to be escheated is, who are hereby Oath^ccord" obliged to do it on Oath, according to the real Value thereof, to the best of their ing to its real Judgments, at the Time of such Valuation j one third Part of which Value to be ^eh

allowed the Grantee or Patentee, towards the defraying the Charges he shall Valuation, be at in obtaining the said Land.

VII. And whereas several Persons have complained of the Loss of their Receipts for Quit-rents paid, and they not finding due Credit given for such Payments in the Quit-rent Books, have been obliged to pay the same over again

For the preventing the like Inconveniencies for the future, and in order that a ‘ proper Check be on the Quit-rent Books, be it enacted by the Authority afore-j

laid, That the Secretary of this Island do immediately find and provide a proper{Secretary to well bound Book, for the copying all Receipts for Quit-rents to be paid, forf07recordings each respective Parish j and that the said Secretary be, and is hereby obliged and Receiptstaken required to enter such Receipts, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Neg- f01; Qslt*renM ledl or Refusal; and that for his recording such Receipts in the said Book, he F shall receive from the Person that applies for recording the fame, One Shilling and Three-Pence each, and no more j and every Person or Persons paying Quit-rents, are hereby obliged to offer their respective Receipts to be recorded in one Month after the Date of such Receipts respectively, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Se- and fend an cretary be, and is hereby obliged to send to the Governor, Council, or Assembly an Account of Account of all Receipts entered in his Office as aforesaid, whenever they shall re- recorded?^3 spedlively think proper to demand it, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds fortheGover-every such Neglect or Refusal j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary not-nor* ^f' withstanding.

IX. And whereas many Frauds and Abuses have been committed in receiving and collecting of his Majesty's Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments > be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-marshal, his An Account Deputy and Deputies, the Clerk of the Grand Court, and the Clerks of the ^years'part' Quarter-session and Courts of Common-Pleas in the several Parishes within this to be trans-Jlland shall, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, transmit an Account of all Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments within their several and respective r2it Offices, for Thirty Years last past, to the Receiver General, or his Deputy, and pay all Sum or Sums of Money as they have respectively received and not accounted for, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

184

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 99,100.

*733

X. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That — 11 an Account of all Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments which are now due and

And hII Uncoi '

fefledFines°to uncolledted, shall be entered in the Receiver General's Books, and the several and be entered in respective Persons charged with the same.

his Book;

and also all future Fines.

XI. And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future the Provost-marshal, his Deputy and Deputies, the Clerk of the Grand Court, the Clerks of the Quarter-session and Courts of Common-Pleas in the several Parishes within this Island, shall, from Time to Time, within ten Days after the Adjournment of the several and respective Courts, transmit an Account of ail Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments to the Receiver General, or his Deputy; which Accounts shall be immediately entered in the Receiver General's Books, and the several and respective Persons charged with the same.

XII. And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Receiver°Ge-future Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments shall be paid into the Hands of neral. the Receiver General, or his Deputy; and that no other Person or Persons presume to receive or discharge the fame, or any Part of them, or any other Publick Money, not otherwise particularly directed by any Act, as to the Payment thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties in this Act mentioned, and not declared how they shall be disposed of, or where recovered, shall be one Half to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue for the fame; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. (

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary pyof this Act, of this Island do forthwith make out a Copy of this Act for each of the Parishes in this Island, and transmit the same to the Custos, or next Magistrate of each Parish; for each of which Copies he shall receive from the Receiver General the Sum of Fifteen Shillings out of any Money in his Hands; and that this Act shall be read in each Quarter-sessions of the Peace within this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

All Fines to

7bis Clause repealed by Act 122.

Forfeitures how to be disposed of.

Every Parish to have a Co

An Act for runnings cuttings and clearing the dividing Lines; and cutting of Roads in and between the Paripes of Westmoreland and Hanover; and for repairing a Bridge over Cabaritta River in the said Parish of Westmoreland.

Act 100. WHEREAS it will greatly tend to the Ease and Security of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Westmoreland and Hanover, that the dividing Lines between the said Parishes be run, cut, and cleared, and laid out in the directefl: Manner that can be, from Savanna la Mar in the Parish of Westmoreland, to Orange Bay in the Parish of Hanover: And in order to keep up a Communication between the said Parishes, in case of any Danger, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by Linesbetween Authority of the same, That the dividing Lines or Bounds be run, laid out, the two Pa- and ascertained between the said Parishes; and the Justices and Vestry of each certain0^ar* are hereby required and impowered to employ a Surveyor or Surveyors for r 1 e ' that Purpose, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds on each Justice and Vestryman refusing or neglecting his Duty therein; and the Surveyor or Surveyors so employed are to be paid out of the Parish Stock of each Parish respectively. anda Road

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Publick Road be cut and laid out from Savanna la Mar in the Parish of Westmoreland, in the

directefl

Act ioi. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

185

diredeft Manner that can be, through the Land of Richard Dunn, and John 1733.

Hy?ies, Esquires, called Par ad ice, on the East and West Sides of Cabaritta River, ' — ""v--

and from the Land of the said John Hynes, through the Plantation of William Dorrill, Esquire, called Egypt, in the diredeft Manner possible, to the Road to Negrill, by the Plantation of the said John Hynes, called Phe Retrieve, and from thence through the Plantation of Messieurs Gale and Downer, to the Bounds of the Parish of Westmoreland, and from the said Bounds of the Parish of West-viorcland, by the Parish of Hanover, to the Plantation of James and John Campbell, Esquires, at Orange Bay, in the said Parish of Hanover.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vef- Justices to al-try of each of the said Parishes be, and they are hereby impowered and required 'c.^S1'063' to allot Negroes for cutting and clearing the said Roads, on or before the first Day of December next, on the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be forfeited by each Justice and Vestryman refusing or neglecting his Duty herein.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parish of Westmoreland be obliged and required to rebuild and repair the Bridge over Caba- fa

ritta River, between the aforesaid Lands of Richard Dunn and John Hynes; and rebuilt,by.by the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish are hereby required to raise Money in of^°Jeland the same Manner the Parish Tax is usually raised, for rebuilding, repairing, and keeping the said Bridge from Time to Time in Repair, on the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be forfeited by each Justice and Vestryman neglecting his Duty 'herein.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties.recover^ in this Act mentioned, shall be recovered in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Ju- edand dispos-dicature in this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein of-

no Injunction, Protection, or Imparlance shall be granted or allowed 5 one Half of which shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other to him or them who shall inform or sue for the fame; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for dividing this If and into two Divifons, to he for ever hereafter know?i and described by the Names of the Eastern and Western Divisions, for erecting and building Barracks in the said Westward Division, cutting and clearing Roads therein, and for raising and fitting out Parties, for the more speedy and effectual suppr effing the rebellious and runaway Negroes.

WHEREAS the rebellious and runaway Negroes have, within few Years Act ioi.

past, greatly increased, notwithstanding all the Measures hitherto concerted and made use of for their Suppression, and more especially are become very formidable in the North-east, North-west, and South-west Parts of this Eland, to the great Terror of his Majesty's Subjects in those Parts, who have greatly suffered by the frequent Robberies, Murders, and Depredations committed by them : And whereas this Eland is of great Extent in Length, and it having been found very inconvenient and prejudicial for the Inhabitants of the Western Parts to be obliged to fend Assistants of White and Black Shot and Baggage Negroes to the Eastern Parts, as it must also be to those of the Eastern in like Manner to send to the Western Parts; it is to be feared, without some timely Remedies and Precautions, from the great Number of Slaves lately run away, and joined with those in Rebellion, the Western Parts of the Eland will soon become the Seat of an Intestine War, as well as the Eastern : For Remedy whereof, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Eland of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth, and for ever hereaster, this Eland shall be divided into two distinct

A a a and

186 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act for.

1733. and separate Divisions, to be known and described by the Names of the Eastern and Wejiern Divisions; the Eastern Divifon to contain the Parishes of St. Thomas The Island to in the East, Portland, St. David, St. George, St. Andrew, St. Mary, Kingston, to two'dutEort Eoyal, St-Catharine, St. Thomas in the Vale, St. John, and St. Dorothy; and fions, and the Wejiern Division to consist of the Parishes of Clarendon, Vere, St. Anne, St.

and Elizabeth, Westmoreland, Hanover, and St. James.

WeflernDivi- ' H* And whereas the rebellious Slaves in the Parities of Clarendon, St. Anne, St. fans. Elizabeth, Westmoreland, Hanover, and St. James, have greatly increased in Numbers, and have considerable Settlements in the Mountains and leal! acceflable Parts in the said Parishes, particularly near the Heads of Great River and Black River, in the Parishes of Westmoreland and St. Elizabeth, and to the Northward of One Eye, in the said last mentioned Parish, as well-as betwixt Clare?idon and St. Anne, who commit frequent Robberies and Murders in the said Parishes, and have occasioned several Settlements to be abandoned and thrown up by the Owners and Possessors; and thereby hinders, obstructs, and prevents vast Tracts of valuable Land from being settled and cultivated in the said several Parishes, to the great Prejudice and Diminution of his Majesty's Revenue in Great Britain, as well as the Trade, Navigation, and Consumption of the BritifSManufactures in this Island, and to the manifest weakening and preventing the further Increase of Strength and Inhabitants therein : And whereas the fitting out flying and other Parties, have for many Years proved unsuccessful and inefficient to answer the Ends proposed, from the Length and Difficulty of the Marches they have been obliged to take, the Difficulties of subsisting them in the Woods for so long Time as the Service required, and many other Accidents: And whereas nothing can tend and contribute so expeditiously to the distressing, flraitening, and suppressing the said rebellious Slaves, as erecting and building strong defensible Houses and Barracks, sufficiently manned, as near their Settlements as possible, that at convenient Seasons and Opportunities they may make Excursions on them, and attack them to the belt Advantage, and in their Marches root up, burn, and de-Justices in the stroy their Provisions : Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Western Divi- That the Justices and Vestry of the above mentioned Parishes in the Western Di-

(ton to levy on . J

the Inhabi- vision of this Island be, and they are hereby obliged and required to meet the

tantswhat^ first Monday in December next, or within ten Days after, to raise, levy, and

Negroes they aH°t> on the several Settlers and Inhabitants of the said Parishes respectively,

are to fend for a Number of White and Black Shot and Baggage Negroes, as well as Pioneer or

Barracks°dV Lab°uring Negroes, for building and erecting Barracks, and cutting of Roads, as

herein after shall be directed to be raised, levied, and allotted, in Proportion to each Person's Number of Negroes he hath or may be possessed of on the said Day.

How Persons IH. And all Persons refusing or neglecting to give an Account, as aforesaid, give an Ac- assessed by the Justices and Vestry one fourth Part more than the Number

count of their given in the last Assessment of the Deficiency in each Parish respectively, as afore-^be^ffeffed ^a^ (fhat is to say) one White or Black Shot for every two hundred Negroes, Gc. ' and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number of Negroes each Person is or shall be possessed in each of the said Parishes respectively, Two Thirds of which Negroes, &V. Shot so to be raised and allotted, at the least, to be white Men; which said armed0 be White and Black Shot, so chosen and allotted, shall be sent to such Place of Rendezvous, as his Excellency the Governor, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, or the Commissioners herein after named by his Authority, shall direct, within fifteen Days after such Allotment, with a good Musket or Fufee, a good Cutlafh or Mufcheat, together with two Pounds of Powder, and six Pounds of Ball; and every White Shot with a Pair of good strong Shoes, Ofnabrig Frock, and Trowzers, and a Felt Hat; and every Black Shot with such Frock and Trowzers; and every Person refusing or neglecting to fend such White or Black Shot in such Manner accoutered as he shall be so allotted, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered in a summary Way, before any Two of the Commissioners herein after named for the respective Dif* tridt where such Offence shall be committed, who are respectively hereby im-powered and required to try, hear, and determine all such Offences.

Act ioi. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

I by

IV. And also that the said Justices and Vestry in each of the said Parishes re- 1733. spectively, shall at the same Time raise and allot such a Number of Baggage Negroes, as shall be necessary, in Proportion to each Person's Number of Slaves, and a Number of in the moil equitable Manner; and also raise, levy, and allot, in the like Manner Ba8|ag^j' and Proportion, one Pioneer or labouring Negroe for every two hundred Slaves, be°appointed and so in Proportion for a greater or smaller Number of Negroes each Person is for clearing or shall be possessed of in each of the said Parishes respectively, for the cutting the Roads^c* and clearing the Roads, erecting and building Barracks, and other Services, as herein after by this Act are nominated and directed, under the like Penalties and Manner of Recovery for every Offence, as is inflicted on Persons refusing or neglecting to fend White or Black Shot when allotted, as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Black Every Bag. Shot, Baggage Negroe, and Pioneer or Labouring Negroe, raised by virtue of this ^et^roe* Act, shall be, within ten Days after the Allotment, produced before the Justices viewed and and Vestry of each Parish, and by them be approved of to be able and proper valued' Gc. Slaves for the intended Service; and in case of Objection, the Matter, Owner,

Manager, or Overseer, shall be obliged to bring another fit and able Negroe, to

be approved of as aforesaid; and the said Justices and Vestry are hereby obliged and required to value every of the said Negroes so to be raised, that in case of any being killed, dying, or being maimed in the Service, the Matter, Owner, or Proprietor, Agent, or Attorney, may be paid the Value of every Negroe being so killed, dead, or maimed in the Service, on producing a Certificate of the Valuation of the said Negroe, and also of the Death or Maiming of the said Negroe j which Valuation shall be paid by the Receiver General out of any Money applied to the Use of Parties; and in case of none being ready, such Certificate shall bear an Interest of ten Pounds per Cent. per Annnm> from the Death, killing, or maiming of every such Negroe; provided the Matter, Owner, or Manager, Agent, or Attorney of the Person whole Negroe shall be so killed, die, or be maimed, do, and shall, within ten Days after Notice from any of the Commissioners, fend another fit and able Negroe in the Room and Stead of such, to be approved and valued as aforesaid; Certificates of which shall be produced to the Receiver General, on the tendering the Two afore-mentioned, and demanding Payment.

VI. And whereas several Inhabitants and Planters in the afore mentioned Pa- clauseforRe. rishes have a smaller, and many a greater Number of Slaves than Two hundred, liefof p!ay-

• a o a ters who have

or such Proportion as will be necessary to raise one Black or White Shot, Baggage, a greater or or Pioneer Negroe; for preventing any Hardships or Disputes that may thereupon Smaller Num-arise, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case groe'fthan* the Justices and Vestry do join such and so many Inhabitants together as shall 200. make up the Number, out of which any Shot, Baggage, or Pioneer Negroe is to be raised, and allot any one of such Number to fend the fame, who is hereby obliged so to do, under the afore-mentioned Penalties; and the others so joined and exempted to pay such Proportion of Hire to the Person allotted to fend, as the Justices and Vestry shall assess, which shall be paid; and in case of Refusal, bn Complaint to any Justice, such Justice is hereby impowered and required to grant a Warrant of Distress for levying the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one strong ®r°ng Bar-defensible House or Barrack, either of Stone or Timber, with two or more Baf- built at the tions, be built and erected at or near the Head of Great River, and in such con-Head of venient and proper Place, as the Commissioners herein after named for the Parish Great

of Westmoreland shall direct; which defensible House shall be built by the Negroes raised and allotted for that Purpose by the Parishes of Westmoreland and Hanover.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one such aI"d{^|^Her other defensible House or Barrack shall be erected and built in like Manner, about Northward of ten Miles to the Northward of Barbadoes Valley, or as near that Distance as it can ^ar}af°es •conveniently be raised, in respect to Water in the said Parish of St. Elizabeth, by 0

the Negroes raised and allotted for that Purpose out of the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and St. yames.

88

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Action

1733-

The Duty of the White jmd Black Shot Parties.

IX. And one other defensible House or Barrack in like Manner, in the Centre between Cargill's Plantation in the Parish of Clarendon, and Drax's Crawl in the and one more Par^ of St. Ain, or in such Place as the Commissioners for the said Parishes between Car- shall direct; to be erected and built by the Negroes raised and allotted for that " uon andnta" Lurpose out of the Parishes of Clarendon, Vere, and St. Anne.

Drax sCrawi. X. And for the more speedy erecting and building the said defensible Houses Commission- or Barracks, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissi-ersto hire the oners herein after named, for ordering and directing the building the said defenfi-bondhf^the Houses, or the Majority for each, be, and they are hereby impowered to hire said strongC such Sawyers, Carpenters, Masons, and Bricklayers, as shall be necessary for the Barracks, &c. building and erecting the said Barracks or defensible Houses in the Time and Manner herein after directed and appointed; at the Expence of the Parishes, and in Proportion to the Number of Negroes in each, and to be paid by the Church- ‘ wardens of each Farifli respectively; the said Commissioners giving Certificates to the said Workmen, their Owners, Masters, or Employers, for the true Value of the Work by them done j and in case no Workmen can be hired voluntarily, then the said Commissioners be, and they are hereby impowered tc impress such Workmen as shall be necessary, who shall be paid as herein before directed.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parties of White and Black Shot herein before appointed to be raised, shall be, and they are hereby obliged and required to guard and protect the Negroes whilst cutting and clearing the said Road, and the Workmen whilst: building the Barracks j and also the Negroes, who shall cut the said Roads, be directed and obliged by the Commissioners, to fall, clear, and plant in Provisions, five Acres of Ground aC least round each Barrack, and also fall Timber, burn Lime, get Stone, and other Materials for building the said Barracks or defensible Houses j and shall do all other Things requisite and necessary, which the said Commissioners are hereby obliged and required to direct.

Ind 2ooooCliS*

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Land on Acres round which every of the said Barracks shall be built, and Two thousand Acres adjacent them, veiled an(j rouncj each Barrack, not being within three Miles of any Settlement whereon a white Man is resident, shall be, and the fame is hereby veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, any former Grant or Patent thereof, or any Part thereof, to the contrary notwithstanding; to the Intent the fame may be regranted by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, to any Person or Persons who shall, within six Months after the Date of his Patent, go upon, begin, and continue a Settlement, with one white Man and ten Negroes at the least; and every Person to whom any such Grant shall be made, shall be obliged to give Security in the Secretary's Office for that Purpose: Provided nevertheless, That there shall not be above One hundred Acres granted to any one Person.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Person, whose Land shall be so taken up or resumed, in order to be regranted as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Parishes that have joined in the building the Barrack or defensible House, five Shillings per Acre, on his, her, or their Agent's or Attorney's producing a Certificate, that the Quit-rents thereof due and owing to his Majesty to the Time of such Resumption or Regranting thereof have been duly paid to his Majesty's Receiver General.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners herein after named, and the Majority of them, for directing the building each Barrack, shall, on or before the Twentieth Day of December next en-suing, order and direct the Parties raised as aforesaid, and the Baggage Negroes, together with the Pioneer or Labouring Negroes of Westmoreland and Hanover, to cut and clear one Road from Surranam Quarters, in the Parish of Westmoreland, at least sixty Feet wide, to the Head of Great River in the Parish of Westmoreland, or Place where the said strong defensible House shall be built; and also one other Road from Dean's Valley, in the said Parish of Westmoreland, thereto.

XV. And then to set about to clear Ground, fall and get Timber, Stone, for^reftirf^' Lime, and other Materials for building and erecting the said . Barracks, and to

the Barracks, CQJTJpIcat

in his Majesty, &V.

[Proviso.]

Commissioners to order two Roads to be cut and cleared,

and the Ground to be

Act ioi.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

189

compleat all other Works directed by this Act; and not to return or quit the 1733. fame till done, or without Licence from Two of the said Commissioners, under v — 'v — J the Penalty of Twenty Pounds on every Matter, Mistress, Manager, or Overseer, who shall receive, detain, or conceal his, her, or their Negroe or Negroes.

XVI. And the said Pioneer or Labouring Negroes, from St. Elizabeth and St.and another Jamess, to cut and clear a Road, at least sixty Feet wide, from Barbadoes Valley c^oFeec in St. Elizabeth's, as near northerly as possible to the Sea, in St. James's, and wide, fcfv. from the said main Road to the said defensible House or Barrack, for the Parishes

of St. Elizabeth and St. James; and also the Pioneer Negroes from Clarendon,

Vere, and St. Anne's, to cut, open, and keep clear the Road from Clarendon to St. Anne's, and from the said Road to the Place appointed for erecting the defensible House or Barrack for the said Parishes.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Com-and(ioaPFoint

j / 7 an Uverleer.

missioners, or the major Part of them for each Parish respectively, be, and they are hereby impowered and required to hire an Overseer to look after the Negroes to be employed in the afore mentioned Services, and to see the Work performed and compleated, as directed by this Act; which Overseers shall be paid by each Parish respectively, not exceeding Eight Pounds per Month.

XVIII. And to enable such Parish to raise the said Money, or any other Sums How the Mo-directed by this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the ^raTfed? Justices and Vestry of each Parish respectively be, and they are hereby impowered

and required to meet on or before the first Day of January next, and at such other Times as it shall be necessary, to assess, levy, and raise, in like Manner as the Parish Tax, so much and such Sums of Money, as shall be necessary to an-fvver the Charges of the Services directed and intended by this Act; which Money to be raised, shall be paid over by the Church-wardens to the Commissioners herein after appointed.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Parties Negroes to of White and Black Shot and Baggage Negroes, directed to be raised by this Act, ^Barracks shall be, and they are hereby obliged and required, so soon as the several and re- as soon as spective Barracks be built, to take Pott therein; and from thence, on all Commands of his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or by his Authority, by the Commissioners, or Commanding Officer in each Parish where such Barracks shall be built, to march after, attack, pursue, and destroy all runaway and rebellious Negroes, and root up, burn, and destroy all Kinds of Provisions they shall meet with.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Excel- and to be lency the Governor, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, be desired,

and he is hereby impowered to.grant Commissions to such Officers, and so many, ry An, (Jc.‘ as he shall judge proper and necessary for commanding, conducting, and training in the Military Art, and exercise the Parties of White and Black Shot, directed to be raised by virtue of this Act; each Captain to have Ten Pounds, each Lieutenant Five Pounds, and each Serjeant Three Pounds, for each Kalendar Month, to be paid by the Commissioners out of the Money to be raised in the respective Parishes aforesaid, and paid over by the Church-wardens, as herein directed; which Officers shall be, and they are hereby obliged and required duly to train, exercise, and discipline the Parties under their Command; to read the Rules and Articles of War, and the Encouragements, together with the Penalties inflicted by this Act, to them once every Month, under the Penalty of being tried andpu-mshed by a Court-marshal for every Neglect or Offence.

[Proviso.]

XXI. Provided, the Captain or Lieutenant so to be commissioned or appointed, shall not be a Servant, hired, or indented; but if any such be appointed, he shall not be intitled to any Pay whatsoever.

XXII. And whereas the Rebels may unite a considerable Part of their Strength, upon any E* or gather in a formidable Body in any one Place, where it may become difficult. Governor' dangerous, and even impracticable, for anyone Party to attack them; be it may unite the therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every such Case, or |>ha"‘eg°^the any other Emergency, that his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief racks, fcsv.

B b b for

igo

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act ioi.

*733* ^or t^Time being, shall judge proper to order all, or To many of the Parties in v — y — <J the three Barracks so to be built as aforesaid, to unite and join; and his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, is hereby impowered, on any such Occasion, to order and direct to be united and joined such Number as he shall judge proper, to march, and attack the Rebels at any of their Settlements, or to defend any Place that may be in Danger in the said Dif-tridl or Western Division; and the said Party, Officers, and Private Men are hereby obliged and required to follow such Orders, Directions, and Instructions, as his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall think proper to give, on the Penalty of being tried and punished by a Court-mar-shal for every Breach of their Orders or Duty, or Non-compliance with such Orders, Directions, and Instructions as they shall receive.

Officers, &V.

XXIII. And the said Officers and Party-men, Whites and Blacks, as well as to the Articles Baggage Negroes respectively, to be raised by virtue of this Act, from the Time of War, tefc. of the Officers being commissioned, and Party-men and Baggage Negroes allotted for and during the Continuance of such Parties, by virtue of this Act, are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Rules and Articles of War e'ftabliffied to be in Force in this Island in the Time of the late Marshal Law; which Articles and Rules of War are hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, to be in Force for that Purpose, and all Offenders to be tried and punished accordingly by a Court-marshal, which shall consist of Seven Commission-Officers of the Militia at the least, in which a Field-Officer shall preside, and be assisted with Two Captains at least; but in Execution of any Sentence that shall extend to Life, shall be respited until his Excellency the Governor, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being's Orders and Directions be had thereon; and all Officers warned to such Court-marshal, shall duly attend, on Penalty of forfeiting Twenty Pounds, and being censured by a Court-marshal for every such Offence; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Negroes to be

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Par-Pro^ifioni'b'11 ties *° be raised of White and Black Shot, Baggage, Pioneer or Labouring Ne-their Owners groes, shall be provided by their respective Owners with Provisions and Necessaries, for 3 Months, at the Time of going to the Place of Rendezvous, for the Space of Three Months at least, and always Three Months Provisions at the least before-hand, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Offence; to be recovered from such Owner, Trustee, Attorney, Overseer, or Manager, by Warrant from any Two of the said Commissioners where such Offence shall be committed, which said Commissioners are hereby impowered and required to try, hear, and determine all such Offences; and also all Owners of Pioneer or Labouring Negroes, to be raised by virtue of this Act, are hereby qbliged and required to deliver every such Negroe a good Falling-ax, one Hough, and one Bill, on the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Offence; to be recovered as the last before mentioned Penalty.

Iffick, to be

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any others°fbnfin white Man or Negro, sent out in any of the Parties, as aforesaid, shall happen to their Room, be sick, or unable to perform the Service required, the Commanding Officer of such Party shall order him home to the Plantation or Settlement from whence he was sent; and the Owner, or other Person in Trust, shall, within Ten Days, fend another able Man in his Room, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal; to be recovered in a summary Way, before any Two of the said Commissioners, in the same Manner as herein before by this Act is directed.

Parties to

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Par-Wood^V ties obliged constantly to make Excursions from their Barracks, scour the

s' c' Woods, Mountains, Cockpits, and all suspected Places round each Barrack; and v/hen they go on such Service, they are hereby obliged and required to carry from the Barrack at least Twenty Days Provisions, that they may not return without effecting the Service intended, and attacking the Rebels in their Settlements, in order to take, pursue, and destroy them; and wherever they meet with any Provisions in the Haunts or Settlements of such rebellious Slaves, to halt, till they

entirely

Act ioi.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

191

entirely root up, burn, and destroy the fame, before they march from any such 1733. Place j and the said Parties shall not come into any Settlement, or loiter away — v — J

their Time therein, on any Pretence, but evident Necessity; and every Officer offending herein, shall for every such Offence be tried and punished by a Court-marshal, as herein before directed.

XXVII. And to encourage the said respective Parties carefully to do their Rewards to be

Duty, they shall respectively have and receive to themselves Forty Pounds per given.f?1r ^e‘ Head for every rebellious Negro Man, and Twenty Pounds for every Woman alive,

they shall kill or take alive, and Ten Pounds for every one under the Age of Fourteen Years they shall kill or take alive; such as shall be taken alive, except

where it shall be judged necessary to execute them, as an Example and Terror to others, to be sent and delivered to the Receiver-General by the Commissioners, and by him to be transported and fold, for the Benefit of the Parish wherein such Negroe or Negroes shall be taken; which said Rewards shall, on Tender of proper Certificates, be paid by the Receiver-General out of any Fund or Funds al-ready applied, or to be applied to the Use of Parties; and if none ready, or in the Receiver's Hands, to carry an Interest of Ten per Cent, from the Date to the Time of Payment; which Rewards shall be paid to the Commissioners, by them to be distributed and paid to such Parties or Party-men, or to and amongst such respective Parties, in such Proportion as the said Commissioners shall think fitting, according to the Behaviour and Merit of each Person, and Mile-money, according to the Laws for every skulking or runaway Negroe they shall take up; to be paid by the Owner, if known, and if not known, by the Deputy-marshal for the Precinct, who, if he finds no Owner, shall, in Ten Days, deliver him or her the Provost-marshal, by him to be re-imbursed with Seven-Pence Halfpenny per Day for his Maintenance, besides all Charges.

XXVIII. And also in case of Necessity, or any Emergency, to re-inforce any In case of Ne-of the said Parties; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all free Mulat- ^e^rres^to toes, fate. Indians, and free Negroes, in all or any of the before mentioned Pa-join the Par-riffies in the Western Division of this Island, be, and they are hereby obliged and ues* required, on the Command and Summons of the Commanding Officer of the Militia, or of any Two of the Commissioners by this Act appointed, to march out, accoutred with such Arms and Ammunition as directed by this Act, and to join

such Party as they shall be ordered, on Penalty of being tried and punished by a Court-marshal, as herein before directed and appointed for every Offence against die true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which free Mulattoes, free Indians, and free Negroes, shall be subsisted by the Parishes from which they are lent, during their Continuance in the Service, according to the Direction of any Two of the Commissioners.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Every white white Man sent out in any of the Parties, pursuant to this Act, shall pass for a Deficiency in the Plantation or Settlement from whence he was sent, during his Deficiency. Absence; and in case of his Death, or being killed, shall continue to stand for a Deficiency for one whole Year from the said Time, provided the Master or Owner

fends one other in his Room in Ten Days after Notice thereof, who shall also stand for a Deficiency for the like Time.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Ho- Commission; nourable Henry Dawkins, Esquire, and Tho?nas Rodan, John Pennant, Thomas ers Names* Fearon junior, John Cargill, Richard Honings, Gerjhajn Ely, and Thomas Pricey Esquires, are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said Parishes; which said Commissioners, or the major\Part of them, shall direct the defensible House or Barrack for the Parishes of Clarendon, Vere, and St. Anne, as herein before dir

rected, and fitting out and directing the Parties for the said Parishes of Clarendon,

Vere, and St. Anne; and that the Honourable John Campbell, Esquire, John Gale,

Richard Nufum, If'aac Gale, Robert Saunders, Jonathan Barnitt, Humphry Mum-bee, Hugh Kirkpatrick junior, and Samuel Barritt, Esquires, or the Majority of them, be Commissioners for building the Barrack, and fittting out and directing the Parties for St. Elizabeth's and St. James's; and that John Hynes, Richard Haughton, James Campbell, John Guthrie, Henry Barham, George Goodwin, and

James

1

192

The LAWS of JAMAICA,

Act ioi.

1733‘

Commanders to give an Account every Month of the Persons complying with this Act.

Barracks to be furnished with Dogs.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

Copies of this Act to be sent to the Custos of each Parish.

Continuance of this Act.

James Witter, Esqs, or the Majority of them, be Commissioners, for building the Barrack at or near the Head of Great River, and fitting out and directing the Parties of Westmoreland and Hanover; and also that the said Commissioners be, and they are hereby respectively obliged and required to order, direct, and perform all other the Duties and Services, according to the Direction, and true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and in case any Commissioner neglects his Duty therein, he shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or Non vult ulterius prosequi shall be allowed j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commanders of the said Parties directed and intended to be raised by this Act, shall, once in every Month, give unto the Commissioners of the Precinct, or any Two of them, upon Oath, a true and exact Account of those Persons who complied with this Act, in fending their Proportion of White and Black Shot, for that Month, or any Part of the Time, and how long they were deficient; and also to keep Journals of all their Proceedings, to be sent to the Commissioners, and by them to be transmitted to his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, under the Penalty of forfeiting Half his Wages or Salary; and whoever shall be found so deficient, shall be subject and liable to the Penalties in this Act already provided, and for which the Commissioners are hereby directed and obliged to have each Offender duly prosecuted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each Barrack be duly provided with a sufficient Gang of Dogs, which the Commissioners are hereby directed and impowered to buy, or impress, to be paid for by the Churchwardens of the respective Parishes out of the Parish Stock, or Money they are obliged to levy and raise for the several Uses and Purposes by virtue of this present Act, which the Justices and Vestry are hereby obliged and required to do, on the Penalty of Twenty Pounds on each Justice and Vestryman neglecting his Duty herein; to be recovered in a summary Way, as herein before directed by this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties not mentioned in this Act how to be recovered or applied, shall be in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information; one Moiety to the Informer, or him, her, or them who shall sue for and recover the fame j and the other to and for the Use and Benefit of the respective Parties where such Offence shall be committed, towards supporting the Expence of the Parties: And all Penalties directed how to be recovered, and not applied, shall be in like Manner to the Use of the Parish where the Crime shall be committed, to be paid to the Church-warden or Church-wardens thereof, to and for the Benefit of such Parish, and towards the Charge of the Parties raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do, and he is hereby obliged, within Twenty Days after the passing this Act, to transmit Copies thereof to the Custos, or next Magistrate in each of the Parishes in the Wejiern Division afore mentioned, and to Two of the Commissioners for each of the said Parishes; for every of which Copies he shall have and receive the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be paid by the Church-wardens of each Parish respectively out of the Parish Stock, on Penalty of forfeiting treble the Value for refilling the fame, in case of Complaint to any Justice.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all that relate to the railing Parties, Baggage and Pioneer Negroes, Cutting and Clearing of Roads, in this Act, do continue and be in Force for the Space of Two Years only, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Assembly; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

J 0;

01

lAi

j k

h

1

a: or

An Act 102.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

T93

An Act for cutting a Road from the Breaflwork, a7id building a de- 1733. sensible House at or near the Place where Captain De la Milliere v was ambufsed; and for prohibiting the retailing of Riwi at Titchfield.

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this Act 102.

your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, A Road 60 and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That a Road ^made near of Sixty Foot wide be cut and cleared from the Breastwork to the Place where the Rebels Captain De la Milliere was ambushed, as nigh to the Rebels great Settlement as Settle' will appear practicable for a loaded Mule to travel.

II. And after such Road is so cut and cleared, that the Space of Ten Chains A Barrack to square be opened and cleared in some Part of the said Road, as nigh the Rebels thereon\ great Settlement as the Situation of the Ground will admit, proper for erecting a defensible House or Barrack, with Two or more Flankers, sufficient to lodge Two hundred white Men, already or hereafter to be raised, and Provision for them for a Month} the Roof to be fhingled, and the Body, or Walls, to be of Stone, or double Palisadoes to be filled between, if Stone and Lime are not ‘to be found there} and when such intended Barrack is built, the Distance of Thirty Foot from each Side of the said Barrack shall be palifadoed, with Bastions at each Angle, to be covered with Shingles} and that proper Hutts shall be built for the Negroes within the outward Palisadoes.

III. And in order to cut and clear the said Road, and to build the said defensible House or Barrack, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That One hun- Proportion of dred and fifty Baggage or Pioneer Negroes be raised out of the several Parishes in build the Eastern Division of this Island, in Manner and Proportion as herein after is the fame. directed} that is to say, Out of the Parish of St. 'Thomas in the East, Fourteen Negroes } the Parish of St. David, Five Negroes} the Parish of Kingston, Sixteen Negroes} the Parish of St. Andrew, Twenty-six Negroes} the Parish of St.

Catharine, Twenty-four Negroes} the Parish of St. John, Eighteen Negroes'} the Parish of St. Dorothy, Nine Negroes} the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale> Twenty-two Negroes} the Parish of St. Mary, Eleven Negroes} and the Parishes of St. George and Portland, Five Negroes.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided nevertheless, That such Parishes having able Baggage Negroes at Port Antonio, in the Country's Service, at the Time of passing this Act, such Negroes shall be continued at Port Antonio, and employed in and during the said Service, and be deemed and allowed as Part of the respective Quota's of Negroes, as is herein before directed to be raised.

V. And in order to enable the said Parishes the better to ascertain the Baggage Commanding or Pioneer Negroes to be raised, agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that his Excellency be desired to give Directions to the Officer commanding Negroes at the Parties in the North-east Parts of this Island, to transmit to him, without De- Port Antonio to lay, an exact Lift of every such able Negroe as shall be at Port Antonio, in thetheGovernor* Country's Service, as aforesaid, dist the Parishes sent from, and the Proprietor they belong to} as also a List of such as have been in the Service, and are discharged, or have deserted : And the respective Justices and Vestries of the said several Parishes shall be, and they are hereby respectively impowered and required, within Twenty Days after such Lifts, as aforesaid, shall be sent to them by his Excellency the Governor, to raise such a Number of able Pioneer Negroes out of each Parish, as shall to them appear to be wanting to compleat the several Quota's of Negroes, as herein is before directed } and within Ten Days after they are so raised, they shall be sent to Port Antonio, in such Manner as the Governor, or Commander in Chief shall think fit, there to be delivered to the Officer commanding the Parties to be employed, as by this Act is directed; and that three Fourths of the said Negroes shall, when the said intended Road is cut, and Barrack built, as aforesaid, be discharged, in order to return to their respective Owners j

C c c and

194- The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act io2»

1733. and that the one Fourth of the said Negroes so directed to remain and continue in the said Service, shall be equally draughted, in Proportion to the Negroes sent out of each Parish.

100white

VI. And that One hundred effective white Men be draughted out of the pre-draugXcdout*ent Partynow at Port Antonio, with proper Officers, to protect the Negroes and of the Party at Workmen whilst they are cutting the said Road, and building the defensible Port Antomo. jqoufe or Barrack, as aforesaid, and that the rest or Remainder of the Party be forthwith discharged from the Country's Service; but in case there should not be found of the Parties now in the Country's Service at Port Antonio, One hundred effective white Men, as aforesaid, or that at any Time hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be wanting, by Desertion, Death, or otherwise, of the said Number, then the Governor, or Commander in Chief, is hereby authorized and impowered to raise so many as shall from Time to Time he wanting to compleat the said Number of One hundred effective Party-men, House-keepers and Tradesmen excepted.

om^eatVhe

VII. And also, that his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief for Independents the Time being, is hereby desired to compleat the Independents now at Port An-there. tonio, to the Number of One hundred effective Men; and when the Party-men and Independents as shall appear to be wanting to compleat the said respective Numbers, are raised, they shall be sent to Port Antonio in some Vessel, at the Charge of the Publick; and the said Party-men and Independents are hereby obliged to protect the Settlers at or near the Breastwork, and the Negroes, whilst: employed in the Service aforesaid.

Soldiers, l$c. -

VIII. And when such Road is cut and cleared, and the defensible House or tobefubV^' Barrack built, as herein before directed, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, to the Arikles That a sufficient Number of the said Soldiers shall be removed and kept at the of War. said Barrack; and that the said One hundred Soldiers, and One hundred white Men, with the Baggage and Pioneer Negroes, shall be continued under, and subject to the Rules and Articles of War established in the Time of the last Marshal Law in this Island; which Articles and Rules of War are hereby enacted and declared to be in Force for that Purpose.

IX. And whereas the retailing of Rum, and other strong Liquors, to the Party-men at Port Antonio, and adjacent Places, has been attended with many Inconveniencies, frequently rendering the Men in the Country's Service incapable of marching, and occasioning Mutiny, and other Disorders: For Prevention of which. Penalty on be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall fell or.

Rum^f reta^ any Rum> or any other strong Liquor, at Titchfield, the Breastwork, or toStheUparty-f" within Twelve Miles of any Place where the Parties shall be employed, under the men. Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Offence; to be recovered in a summary Way, before the Cnjlos, Commanding Officer, or next Magistrate.

A proper X. And that what Rum, or other Liquors, may be thought requisite and con-Stby^the136 venient for the life of the Parties, be sent by the Publick to Port Antonio for the .Publick. Country's Use, and shall be lodged in the Hands of the Commissary, and by him or his Deputy be issued out, with usual Allowance for Leakage and Charges, at Half a Pint of Rum a-Day to each Party-man or Independent, or other Liquors in Proportion; which Liquors so issued, shall be charged to the Party-men and Independents, at the Price laid in by the Publick, and bededudted out of their Pay. Pay of the

XI. And be it Further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as an Encou-

Men. ragement to the several and respective Persons in the Country's Service to discharge

their Duty, that the Private Men be paid in Cash (weekly) after the Rate of Forty Shillings a Month each, each Captain Ten Pounds per Month, each Lieutenant Seven Pounds per Month, and each Serjeant Four Pounds per Month; that the .Receiver-General remit their Pay to the Commissary, at the publick Risque, out of any Fund or Funds already arisen, or to be appropriated for the Use of Parties. Receiver Ge.

XII. And to obviate all Disputes that may arise for want of their being duly neralLtobor' paid, or being duly supplied with Provisions, and other Necessaries, if the Re-Inrereft^if 3 ceiver-General should not from Time to Time have publick Money sufficient in there is not his Hands for such their Payment and Supply as aforesaid, then that he be, and Hands? *s hereby empowered and required to take all such Money as shall be wanting for

- such

Act 102,103. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

195

or or lie

in* 1

the

in

ft

lots

and

Pay.

:ou*

«F 'orff naflt the ! out

rites. I 'duly eKe* ient

and for such

such their Payment and Supplies up at Interest, at the Rate of Twelve Pounds 1733.

per Centum per Annum, giving Receipts for the fame; and also when the said - — J

Barrack or defensible House is built, that the Receiver-General do, and he is hereby impowered and required to purchase, and send to Pert Antonio four Mules, to carry the Provisions to the said Barrack, for the Support and Use of the said Parties.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inde- Independents pendents at or near Port Antonio> or the Breast work, so long as they shall conti- tof h*vse nue there, shall have the usual Subsistence, with an Addition of the Country's enuCe. Provisions, which shall also be allowed them; any thing herein, or in any other

Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the said None of the

Parties shall be suffered to remain or continue at Pitchfield longer than when di- ^aar^esJ^£-retted by their Officer, to guard the Baggage sent thither for Provisions and Necef- field longer fariesfor the Use of the said Parties. b^thd^Offs

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Magi- Geo. ieir Urates or Commanding Officers as shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Penalty on Meaning of this Act, or neglect his or their Duty in any thing therein contained,

shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered in the SOpreme against this Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Injunction, Imparlance, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; the one Half of all which Forfeitures shall be to the Informer, or him, her, or them who fhdl prosecute for the fame; and the other Half to the Use of Parties.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Par-Parties toeon-ties shall continue in the said Service for the Space of Twelve Months, and no wUe.,tw-elvJL

r Monthsintne

longer j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. Service.

An Act to prevent the makings throwing, or firing off Squibs, Serpents Rockets, or other Fire-works.

WHEREAS the throwing, making, or firing off Squibs, Serpents, Roc-Act jo^.

kets, or other Fire-works, is frequently practised, notwithstanding a Law" made for the Prevention of the Sale of Gunpowder; which, if not timely prevented, may be very prejudicial to the Publick, by supplying Negroes with Gunpowder, and endanger the burning the Houses in the respective Towns of this Island, they being generally covered with Northern Shingles: For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be k therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That White Person* if any white Person or Persons shall from and after the Twelfth Day of this instant to

Month of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forfeitio/.'or thirty-three, make, throw, or fire off any Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, or otherbe whipped. Fire-works, in any Street, Lane, or Alley, within the three Towns of St. Jagp de la Vega> Kingston, or Port Royal, or in any Parish of this Island; every such . Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, or be whipped at the publick Whipping-place of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, for every such Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or other Fire-work by him, her, or them To made, thrown, or fired off; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace of the Parish or Precinct w herein such Offence shall be committed : One Half of which Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the Informer, and the other to the Churfh-wardens of each Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, for the Time being, to and for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, or whatever other charitable Use the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, in which such Squib, Serpent, Rocket, or other Fire-work shall be made, thrown, or fired off, shall think fit.

II. And in case any Mulatto, Indian, or Negroe shall, from and after the said Negroes, (3V,-Twelfth Day of November instant, presume to make, use, throw, or fire off any whip*

Squib, Serpent, .Rocket, or other Fire^work, within the said Towns, or any of

the

196

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i 03,104.

*732-

Penalty on Magistrate,

the Parishes of this Island; then every Constable and Tythingman within this Island shall be, and they are hereby directed and required immediately to apprehend and take up such Mulatto, Indian, or Negroe so offending, and him, her, or them, when so apprehended, to carry before the next Magistrate, who is hereby required and directed to order such Offender to be whipped at the most publick Place in the respective Parishes, on the bare Back, at his Discretion, any Number of Lashes not exceeding Thirty-nine,

III. And in case any Magistrate, Constable, or Tythingman shall neglect or refuse to perform his or their Duty therein; then every such Magistrate, Constable,

&fSnegYea 01" Tythingman shall, for every such Offence, respectively forfeit the Sum of ing his Duty j Twenty Pounds j to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius pro-Jequi entered; one Half of which Forfeiture shall be to the Informer, and the other to the Church-wardens for the Time being of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; for the Use of the Poor of the Parish in which such Forfeiture shall arise; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person shall encourage or direct any Negroe, hidian, or Mulatto, to make, throw,

groeslo make or fire off any Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, or other Fire-works; then every such Fire-works. person f0 giving any such Encouragement or Direction, shall reflectively be subject and liable to all such Pains and Penalties, as any white Person who shall make, throw, or fire any Squibs, Serpents, Rockets, or other Fire-works, is, are, or may be liable or subject to by this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

and on Persons encouraging Ne-

'724* An Act to vefi Lands in Port Royal in his Majesty, his Heirs and

Successors, for the Use of his Ships of IVar.

Act 104. \\ J HERE AS the Town of Port Royal hath, by long Experience, been found to be of great Importance to this Island, in regard to its convenient Situation, the Goodness and natural Advantages of the Harbour, as well as to its Strength and Security from his Majesty's Fortifications: And whereas the said Town and Harbour may be rendered more useful and commodious, if Conveni-encies were erected thereon, for careening of Ships, and such other Buildings as may be thought proper and necessary for the Service of his Majesty's Ships of War: And whereas it is requisite, in order thereunto, that the Land at the North-east: *To lefeen ;«End of Port Royal, described by the Plat hereunto annexed *, or so much of it as the Secretary's shall be thought necessary by Sir Chaloner Ogle, Commander in Chief of his Ma-^ce' jesty's Ships, should be vested in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, for the Uses aforesaid, Part of which may be the Estates of Infants, Feme Coverts, or other Persons who by Law are disabled to make any Contracts or Conveyances; in all which Cases, as likewise where any Proprietors, intending either to obstruct the publick Service, or to make unreasonable Gain to themselves, infill: on extravagant Prices and Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse to the usual Methods that have been taken in like Cases: May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the President, Council, and Af-The President fembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of Commission t^le fame, That it shall be lawful to and for his Honour' the President, or the ers todescribe Commander in Chief for the Time being, and his Honour the President, or Lands for the Commander in Chief for the Time being, is hereby authorized, impowered, and Majesty.'S required, under the Broad Seal of the Island, to authorize and appoint any Three or more of his Majesty's Council of this Island, together with any Five of the Representatives of the present Assembly for the Parishes of St. Catharine, Port Royals Kingston, and St. Andrew, or any Five of the said Commissioners, whereof Twp to be of the Council, to make Surveys of Land, and particularly describe such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parcel of Land described

by

Act 104,105. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

197

by the said Plat, as are proper to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes afore- 1734. said.

II. And to the Intent that all due Encouragement and Expedition may be given unto so necessary a Work, and that all Impediments and Obstructions may be removed, and reasonable Satisfaction may be given for all such Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Shoal Water as shall be thought convenient to be taken and employed, or purchased for the Uses aforesaid; the said Commissioners, or any commission-Five of them, whereof Two to be of the Council, are hereby authorized to treat ers to treat and agree with the Owners, and others interested in any such Lands, Tenements, with the Own*

TT V- ] 5 ers of Lands,

Hereditaments, or Shoal Water. £sV.

III. And in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully decline, or refuse to treat jn CafbofRe-and agree, as aforesaid, or through any Disability, by Nonage, Coverture, or by fufal or Difa reason of any other Impediment, cannot dispose of their respective Interests in such owner"Com-Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Shoal Water; in every such Case the said missioners to Commissioners, or any Five of them, whereof Two to be of the Council, are imPannelaJu‘ hereby authorized and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants, on or into the Value before the Tenth Day of November next, to the Provost-marshal, to impannel offachLands, and return before the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, whereof Two tt>

be of the Council, at such Times and Places as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, a sufficient Jury, who, upon their Oaths (which the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, whereof Two to be of the Council, are hereby impowered to administer) shall enquire into the true Value of all such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Description of the said Plat, and such Shoal Water as may be requisite, as the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, whereof Two to be of the Council, shall think requisite to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, and give their Verdict or Inquisition thereof to the said Pro-voft-marshal, who is hereby required to return and certify the fame under his and their Hands into his Majesty's Court of Chancery erf this Island, on or before the First Day of December next, there to be recorded, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; which said Valuation so returned-and recorded, shall be final and conclusive to and against all Persons whatsoever.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided nevertheless, and to the Intent that all and singular the Proprie- tors aforesaid may be paid for their respective Estates and Interests, all and every Sums of Money as have been agreed for, or aflfrflfed upon Oath, as aforesaid; it

is hereby directed, That the said Valuation upon Oath, with the Names of the respective Proprietors, be laid before Sir Chaloner Ogle, or the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships here for the Time being, in order that each respective Proprietor may obtain Compensation for the fame; and that immediately upon satisfying such respective Proprietors, the said Lands and Shoal Water so allotted, shall for ever afterwards be, and are hereby declared to be absolutely vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; any Law, Cu-ftom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And in order to enable Sir Chaloner Ogle the better to make such Compen- 250l. to be

fation to each respective Proprietor, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Pa,*° s^r the Receiver-General do immediately pay into his Hands the Sum of Two hundred to be applied* and fifty Pounds, to be by him applied to the Purposes aforesaid. to che Pay-

prietors for

ffiGEQ BCffiGfflBBSa® E«"">

Csc.

An Act for the more efeSlual directing the Mar foal's Proceedings, 1735.

and regulating thereof \ ' — v J

WHEREAS many and great Abuses have been introduced in the Execu-AcT 105.

tion of the Office of Provost-marshal of this Island, and many exorbitant Fees have been demanded and taken, contrary to the Laws of this Island, or not warranted by any Laws now in Force; and more particularly, there has been der mandedand taken for Mile-money, in the Service of Writs of Summons, Arrests, and other Process, much more than the Law directs j and for Bail-bonds taken.

D d d upon

ig8

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 105.

and ascertain-cd.

173$. upon Arrests, Writs of Attachment, Writs of Ne exeat Infula, and other Writs]: V — ' And oflate, when Negroes, Cattle, and other Things have been advertised to be sold, there has been inserted a Nota bene, That the Provost-marshal will not warrant the Titles; whereby such Negroes, Cattle, and other Things, have been fold for much less than their Value, and oftentimes have remained in Custody for want of Buyers; and thereby, and by second and clandestine Sales, the Creditor has been delayed and injured, and the Debtor has been utterly ruined: And it hath often happened, that Levies are returned upon Writs of Execution, and no Notice given thereof to the Defendants; and sometimes Levies have been returned by the Deputy-marshals, when in Fact they never had Precepts to enable them so to do; and it hath long been the Practice of Persons in the said Office, when Writs of Venditioni exponas have been lodged, and but a small Part of the Debt levied or received, that the whole Fees are charged and detained, though no more ought so to be, than in Proportion to what is so received and paid to the Plaintiffs; and it hath also happened, that by the Provost-marshal's having it in his Power to open his Office in the Morning of the Day when Writs of Executions are or may be first lodged with him after each Court, that oftentimes undue Preference hath been given, and some Persons have thereby received their whole Debts, and others have been Losers of the whole, or the greatest Part of their Debts: For the preventing of which Abuses, be it enacted by the President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby Provost-mar- enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Provost-marshal shall for the fu-writs Hmited1 ture demand or take for the Service of Writs of Summons, Arrests, Scire facias,

Replevin, or other Process whatsoever, more than Three Pence per Mile, which is allowed by an Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Fees; unless in such Cases where the said Act hath other wise allowed.

II. And in order to ascertain the fame, and the respective Distances of the several Parishes from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-marshal of this Island shall be allowed for Mile-money at and after the several and respective Rates following, to wit. For all Writs of Summons, Arrests, Scire facias, Replevin, or other Process whatsoever, in the several Parishes of this Island, to wit, in the Parish of St. Catharitie, .Nine Pence; in the Parish of St. Dorothy, Two Shillings and Nine Pence; in the Parish of Clarendon, Seven Shillings and Nine Pence; in the Parish of Vere, Seven Shillings; in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence; in the Parish of PVefmoreland, One Pound Eleven Shillings and Three Pence; in the Parish of Hanover, One Pound Eleven Shillings and Six Pence; in the Parish of St. John, Three Shillings; in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, Four Shillings; in the Parish of St. Anne, Eleven Shillings and Six Pence; in the Parish of St. James, One Pound; in the Parish of St. Mary, Eight Shillings and Nine Pence; in the Parish of Fort Royal, Three Shillings; in the Parish of Kingston, Four Shillings and Six Pence; in the Parish of St. David, Nine Shillings and Three Pence; in the Parish of St .‘Thomas in the Eaf, Sixteen Shillings; in the Parish of St. Andrew, Four Shillings; in the Parish of St. George, Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence; and in the Parish of Portland, Fifteen Shillings and Three Pence, besides Two Shillings and Six Pence for serving each Writ, allowed by the said Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Fees, and no more; and the Judges of the said Supreme Court, and other the Officers of the fame, are required to take Notice thereof, and conform thereunto; any thing in the said Act, or in any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. fcutons am-" - And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future no cemingFees. Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any other Person or Persons for him, or to his Use, shall take for a Bail-bond on any Writ of Arrest, Attachment, or other Process of Contempt out of the said Supreme Court, or the Court of Chancery, or for a Replevin-bond, more than Five Shillings; and for the executing a Writ of Ne exeat Infula, more than Ten Shillings; and Mile-money, at the Rate aforesaid; and for a Bond taken thereon, more than Five Shillings; and for the executing a Bench-warrant granted by the said Court, or the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter-sessions, more than Ten Shillings; and Mile-money, at and after the

Act 105. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

199

the Rate of Twelve Pence per Mile; and for every other Warrant, granted by one of the Judges, or a Justice of the Peace, more than Ten Shillings; and Mile-money, as aforesaid.

IV. And for the preventing the Mischief and Abuses which have arose by the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy's inserting a Nota be?ie against his warranting the Title of the Negroes, or other Effects to be disposed of, in their Advertisements for the Sale of Negroes, Cattle, and other Things; be it enacted, That for the future the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies, do not insert any such Nota bene, or any thing to that or the like Effect.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Levy or Levies are made upon any Writ or Writs of Execution, the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies, do give Notice to the Defendant or Defendants, or some of them, or his or their Attorney or Attornies, or leave or fend a Notice in Writing at his or their usual Place of Abode, of such Levy or Levies being made, and at whose Suit or Suits; and that for the future the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies, do not demand or take any Fees whatsoever upon such Levy or Levies being returned on Writs of Execution, until the Debt, or Sum due on such Execution, be paid or satisfied to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or in Proportion to such Part of the Debt or Sum which shall be so paid, satisfied, or discharged.

VI. And for the preventing the Abuses which have often been committed by the Provost-marshal, or those intrusted by him, in the taking and entering Writs of Execution on the first Day, when they may be lodged, after each Supreme Court; be it further enacted, That the Provost-marshal shall open his Office at Seven of the 'Clock in the Morning of that Day, and not before, and continue the fame open till Eleven; and that no Fra&ion shall be made in the Hour from Seven to Eight, but that all Writs of Execution lodged in that Time, shall equally bind and affect the Property of the Defendants.

VII. And for the future, no Writ of Execution which hath been already lodged in the said Office, and no Proceedings had thereon, nor shall be had thereon for one whole Year, the Time of Marshal Law not to be computed, after the passing of this Act; and no Writ of Execution hereafter to be lodged, which shall lie dormant, and no Proceedings shall be had thereon for the Space of one Year, the Time of Marshal Law not to be computed, from the Return of such Execution, shall have any Force or Effect against any other Creditor or Creditors, who have lodged, or shall hereafter lodge, any other Writ or Writs of Execution, and have proceeded, or shall proceed thereon, to have the Benefit and Effect of the lame.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all and every Writ or Writs of Venditioni hereafter to be issued, no more of the Negroes or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants therein named shall be sold or disposed of, than such or so many as is or are necessary to, or will really and bona fide pay and satisfy the respective Debts, Costs, and Fees due upon such Writ or Writs of Venditioni: And if it shall be found necessary to fell Negroes, or other Effects, exceeding the Amount of the Debt and Costs for which such Writ or Writs 0$ Venditioni issued; that then, and in every such Case, the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return the Overplus to the Owner or Owners of such Negroes or Effects, and that within Ten Days next after the Sale thereof, if demanded.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on all Returns to Executions hereafter to be made, the Particulars on which any Levy shall be made, shall be described; and that the said Provost-marshal do return and file, in the Clerk's Office of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, all such Writs and other Process as shall be to him directed, in Eight Days from the meeting of every such Court; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever hereafter any Slave or Slaves, taken on any such Writ or Writs of Venditioni, shall be expoied to Sale, the Provost-marshal and his Deputies respectively, shall

fell

*735-

No Nota Lent to be inserted in the Warrants of Sale.

Notice of Levies to be given to the Defendants, £5c.-

Office to be open from 7 to 11 in the Morning.

Writs not proceeded on within a Year, not to affect others executed within that Time.

No more Effects to be sold, than will pay Debts, £sV.

Particulars of Levies to be described in all Returns, £sV.

Directions concerning Slaves and Cattle.

200

The

LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 105.

1735*

Colls.

Writs to be indorsed.

Vide Act 182.

fell all such Slaves singly, unless in case of Families; in which Cafe, and no other, the said Provost-marshal, or any of his Deputies, may set up to Sale such Family or Families, con filling of a Man and his Wife, his, her, or their Children : And that whenever any working Cattle, taken on any Venditioni or Vcndi-tioni's, shall be exposed to Sale, the Provost-marshal, and his Deputies respectively, shall fell such working Cattle by the Yoke or Couple, if so many are necessary to be sold; and that all other neat Cattle, Horses, Mares, and Mules, shall be fold singly.

No more Fees

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever

thaiTfoMhe hereafter any Two or more Executions of Venditioni's shall be lodged in the real Debt and Provost-marshal's Office, either against the Principal and his Securities, or any others, for one and the fame Debt, no more Poundage Fees shall be demanded or received by the Provost-marshal, or any of his Deputies, than for the real Debt and Costs then due on such Executions or Venditioni's which shall be lodged for one and the fame Debt, as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Provost-marshal shall not execute or take into his Office, or suffer to be lodged there, any Writ of Execution or Venditioni exponas, unless the Sum really due to the Plaintiff, at whole Suit such Writ shall issue, shall be marked or indorsed on the said Writ by the said Plaintiff, or his Clerk in Court, or Attorney; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And in case any Plaintiff, in order to distress the Defendant, shall mark or indorse, or order his said Clerk in Court, or Attorney, to mark or indorse, or the said Clerk in Court, or Attorney himself, shall officioully, or without any Orders from the Plaintiff, mark or indorse such Writ for a greater Sum than is or shall be really due; that such Plaintiff, or his said Clerk in Court, or

Penalty on in-Attorney, shall for every Offence respectively forfeit the Sum of One hundred shan the'^eal P°unds > and the said Clerk in Court, or Attorney, offending as aforesaid, Fhall Sum. be rendered incapable of practising; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

marihaUo'be

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-ineachPre- marshal shall be obliged, and he is hereby required to keep in each Precinct within this Island, a sufficient Person to act as Deputy-marshal, who shall reside in the most convenient Place of the said Precinct, in order to receive all such Prisoners as shall be committed to him within such Precinct, and also execute all such Writs and Precepts as shall be directed to him by any Judge or Justice of the Peace of such Precinct.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Deputy-marshals and Caol-keepers in the three Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal, and Kingston, in this Island, do weekly publish in the Courant a List of all runaway Slaves that shall hereafter be in any of the Gaols in the said three Towns, with the Names, Marks, and Times of their coming in, their Offences, and to whom they respectively belong, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for each Offence; and that the Charge of such Advertisement be allowed to the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, by the Proprietor of such Slave or Slaves, not exceeding Fifteen Pence for each Negroe or Slave so advertised; and that such Advertisment shall be published in the said Courant three Times successively; and that such Deputy-marshal or Gaoler shall charge and receive for the Maintenance of such Negroe or Slave Sixpence per Day, and no more, and shall not demand or take any Fee or Reward, under Pretence of Commitment or Releasement, or any other Account.

XVI. And to prevent all Marshals from embeziling or converting to their own Use the Negroe or other Slaves, or other Goods or Chattels of any Defen-

fazedPGoods dant> be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,'That all Marshals do, to be given to upon all Seizures, give to all and every Defendant or Defendants, or to any Person or Persons demanding the fame in Behalf of any Defendant, a Receipt, containing a particular, full, and exact Account of every particular Negroe or other Slave, or Goods, Chattels, or other Things, which they shall at any Time hereafter

cinft.

Runaway Slaves to be advertised, tsY.

Defendants.

201

Act 105,106. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

after seize or take into their Custody by virtue of any Writ or Writs of Venditioni, 173 5.

or any other Writ or Process whatsoever.

XVII. And whereas the keeeping of Slaves, Horses, Cattle, and other live Stock, taken in Custody on Writs of Venditioni exponas, for a considerable Time before the Sale thereof, have been found very detrimental, as well to the respective Owners, as to their Creditors; the Charges of the Deputy-marshals for keeping the fame in their Custody, and for the Maintenance of such Slaves,

Horses, Cattle, and live Stock, frequently arising to great Part of their Value:

For the more speedy Sale of such Slaves, Horses, Cattle, and other live Stock, and preventing such Charges for the future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the pasting of this Act, all Slaves, neat Cattle, Goods, fsv. Horses, Mares, Mules, and other live Stock whatsoever, which shall be taken be*

on any Writ of Venditioni exponas, shall be fold within Fourteen Days after any fold within such Slaves, neat Cattle, Horses, Mares, Mules, and live Stock shall be taken‘4Days* on any such Writ, publick Notice of the Time and Place of every such Sale being first fixed up in the most publick Place of the Parish or Precinct Five Days

before any such Sale' made; any thing in the Act, entituled, An Act for establishing Courts, and directing the Marshal's Proceedings, or in the Act, entituled,

A Supplemental and Explanatory Act, or any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas by the said Act, entituled, An Act for establishing Courts, and directing the Marjkals Proceedings, it is enacted, That at Port Royal all Summons's should be delivered Ten Days before the Courts, otherwise they should be deemed and taken as no Service, and the Defendants not bound thereby to appear; whereby that Parish hath not equal Notice of such Process against them out of the Supreme Court of Judicature with the other Parishes in this Island

For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for Summons's to the future all Summons's issuing out of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, against ^‘^ha any Person or Persons in the Parish of Port Royal, shall be delivered Fourteen bitantsofPor/ Days before each Supreme Court of Judicature, as in the other Parishes of this '4Days Island, otherwise the same shall not be allowed sufficient Service; the said Act, orcOUrt.

any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Pro-Penalty on

J P fl-

voft-marshal, or any of his Deputies, shall hereafter in any thing offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then, and in every such Case, such Deputies, of-Provost-marshal, or any of his Deputies so offending, shall for every such Offence^enJ^this respectively forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, over and above all other Penalties Att!" ' and Forfeitures mentioned in the said Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Fees-, one Half thereof, and all other Penalties in this Act mentioned, to be to hisMa-Howtobe 1<N jesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government vied and ap-of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the In-Plied-former, or him or them that shall sue for the fame; to be recovered in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non viilt ulteriusprofequi entered; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to prevent Hawking and Peddlings and dtfposing of Goods

eland eft inely.

1 T WHEREAS divers Mulattoes, Indians, and Negroes, have of late been^CT I0£ frequently employed in hawking and felling, from Place to Place, all Manner of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which are commonly used and fold in this Island; which Practice tends to the manifest Prejudice of Trade, and to the great Discouragement of Housekeepers, who are subject to Parochial Duties, 1 axes, and Rents for their Houses; Be it therefore enacted by the Prefl-dent, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Mulatto, Indian, or Negroe whatsoever, shall hawk, Ne££?es* i>r carry about to fell, from Place to Place, or shall fell in any open Street or Mar- feihngofor ket, any Sort or Sorts of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, on Penalty Gooch, to for-

- J feu the fame .-

E e e

of

202

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 106,107.

*735-

And to be whipped.

[Proviso.]

of the Forfeiture of all and every such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes as shall be so hawked or carried, or exposed to be sold and disposed of; and the further Pain of such corporal Punishment, as any Magistrate, in his Discretion, shall think fit to appoint, not exceeding Thirty one Lathes.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed, construed, or taken to extend to prevent the carrying about, felling, and disposing of all, and all Manner of Provisions, Fruits, fresh Fish, Milk, Poultry, and other small Stock of all Kinds; but that the fame may be carried about, fold, and disposed of, as formerly, provided the Persons have a Ticket from the Matter or Owner of such Goods; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And for the better preventing of such Hawkers and Forestallers of the Market, as go a considerable Way out of the respective Towns in this Island to meet such Persons as bring in Plantation Provisions, and other Stock, and do buy up and engross the fame; by which Means the Prices of Provisions of all Kinds are greatly advanced: For the Prevention whereof for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mulatto, Indian, or Negroe whatsoever, shall buy up, to re-vend or engross, any Manner of Plantation Provisions, or small Stock whatsoever; and whosoever shall offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be subject to such corporal Punishment, not exceeding Thirty one Lashes, as any Magistrate, in his Discretion, shall order.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Slave presume to fell or give away any Sugar, or Sugar-canes, without a Ticket from the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave; on Pain of such corporal Punishment, to be inflicted on such Slave or Slaves, by Order of any Justice, as such Justice shall think fitting, not exceeding Thirty one Lashes.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Rum,U^2V. of Person or Persons, who shall buy or receive any Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Ginger, any Slave, to Coffee, Cocoa, or Chocolate, or other Product (Provisions and small Stock ex-forfeit 10l. cepted) of any Slave or Slaves, or any other Person but the Matter or Owner

of such Rum, Sugar, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, Cocoa, Chocolate, or other Product, as aforesaid, or a known Factor for the fame, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of any one white Person, shall forfeit Ten Pounds (to the Uses herein after mentioned) for the first Offence; and for the second and every other Offence of the Kind, the like Sum of Ten Pounds; and suffer such corporal Punishment as any Justice of the Peace in his Discretion shall order, not exceeding Twenty Lashes on the bare Back or Buttocks.

Penalties how

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties v° ed a^d" an£^ forfeitures *n this Act mentioned, shall be recovered before any Two Justices applied. of the Peace; the one Half thereof to the Use of the Informer, and the other Half to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Negroes not to engross Plantation Provisions

nor fell Sugar-canes without a Ticket from the Owner.

Persons buy-

1736. An Act for introducing White People itito this ljla?idy for fubfifing them for a certain limey and providing them with Land, that they ?nay become Settlers.

Act 107. WHEREAS nothing can conduce more to the Security, Wealth, and

W Defence of this Island, than the giving proper Encouragement to White People to come over and settle the uncultivated Lands thereof: And whereas there are large and valuable Tracts of uncultivated Land where the Barracks are to be built, at or near Manchionell Harbour, and at or near Norman's Valley; which, if settled, would be of great Security to those Parts of the Country, as well as the Island in general: We, your Majesty's tnoft dutiful and loyal Subjects, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That Fifteen thousand

Acres

ACTI07.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

203

Acres of Land, at or near Manchionell Harbour, and also Fifteen thousand Acres 1736. of Land, at or near Normans Valley, be and are hereby re-invested in his Maje- v — v — — > fly, his Heirs and Successors, to be re-granted for the Use and Benefit of new Lands rc-in-Comers only, exclusive of, and over and above the Lands already verted or ve(^ed in h!s to be verted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by an Act, entituled, An re^nled°toe All for the EaJ'e and Relief of the Inhabitants of this If and, in building Bar- new Comers. racks, and remedying and supplying some Defects and Omifions in the late Bar-racking Law.

II. And for the better Encouragement of such new Comers to transport them- Their Passage, selves and Families', and to become Settlers in those Parts, be it enacted by thetobepaid* Authority aforesaid, That the Passage of such new Comers, who come with Intent to settle any Part of the said Lands, be advanced and paid by the Receiver General upon their Arrival, as also the Passage of all such Slaves as each new

Comer shall bring with him, not exceeding Twenty; but that the Passage of any Number exceeding Twenty, shall be paid by their respective Owners.

III. Provided, That such new Comers take the following Oath

I A.B. do fwedr, 'That my Defgn and Intention of coming to this Iflajid is to be- Their Oath.

come a Settler upon the Lands vefed in his Majesty by virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act for introducing of white People into this Island, for subsisting them videkex 167, for a certain Time, and providing them with Land, that they may become Set- Cl. 2. tiers; or on some Bart thereof; and that I will, as soon as pofible, go upon and settle such Land as shall be granted to me by virtue of the said Act.

Which Oath the Receiver-General is hereby impowered and required to administer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such new To be Comers shall be subsisted for the Space of Twelve Months by the Receiver-Ge-ed by the Re-neral for the Time being, in Manner following; that is to say, Each white Person with Four Barrels of Beef, and four hundred Pounds Weight of Biscuit, or Months. Bread; and in case they shall bring with them any Negro or other Slaves, each Negro or other Slave, not being a fucking Child, with a Barrel of Herrings,^and Four hundred Pounds Weight of Biscuit, or Bread j to be delivered at such Times, and in such Proportions, as they shall require it of the Receiver-General: Provided, That the Subsistence for Slaves be not allowed to any one such new Comer for more than Twenty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such new Intitled to ;o Comer or Owner of Slaves shall, upon Application made to the President, or the f^himfdf Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, be intitled to a Patent and 50 for his for Fifty Acres of Land for himself; and in case he has a Wife and Children, Wlfe> &c-Fifty Acres for his Wife; for every such Child, Twenty Acres; for every other white Person such new Comer shall bring with him, Fifteen Acres; and for every Slave, Ten Acres: Provided the whole exceed not Three hundred Acres to any one new Comer.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Persons To (land in-whose Passage shall be paid, and those who shall be subsisted by the Publick, ac- the?

cording to the Directions of this Act, shall stand indebted to the Publick for the their Passage Charge of such their Passage and Subsistence; and shall be obliged, at the End and Subflu-of Seven Years from their first Arrival or receiving such Subsistence, to pay to the ence* Receiver-General for the Time being such Charge or Charges, without any Interest for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Surveys be Surveys to be made of the said Fifteen thousand Acres of Land, at or near Manchionell Harbour, of t}lc and of the said Fifteen thousand Acres of Land, at or near Norman s Valley, in a Six Months after the passing of this Act, by some sworn Surveyor or Surveyors, and returned in the Secretary's Office of this Island, under the Hand and Seal of such Surveyor or Surveyors, and there enrolled; which said Survey so enrolled, shall be conclusive, and deemed sufficient to ascertain the Bounds of the said Two several Parcels of Land : And such Surveyor or Surveyors shall be paid for all such

Surveys

<r

204

Act 107.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

President to order the said Surveys to be begun in three Months after the passing this Act.

New Comers exempted from Taxes for live Years.

Not to make any other Alienation of their Lands, than by Will.

Present Proprietors paying their Quit-jents, to be repaid by the Publick.

Who to be deemed new Comers.

Exempted from Actions for three Years.

Surveys by his Majesty's Receiver-General of this Island, at and after such Rates and Allowances, and in such Manner and Form, as is directed in and by an Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Surveyors, for re-surveying other Lands; which the Receiver-General is hereby ordered and directed to pay such Surveyor or Surveyors, upon producing a Certificate from the said Secretary of his or their returning such Survey or Surveys into his Office, as before required: And if any Surveyor in surveying the said several Parcels of Land, shall make any Traverse, he shall for every Traverse he shall so make, forfeit Fifty Pounds.

VIII. And as having those Lands surveyed, will be an Inducement to such new Comers to apply for Grants of them, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That his Honour the President, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, be, and he is hereby desired and impowered to order the said Surveys of the said Two Parcels of Land so verted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, to be begun and proceeded upon in Three Months after the passing of this Act; and to appoint such Guard or Guards to protect the said Surveyors in running and settling the Bounds of the said Two Parcels of Land, as he shall think requirtte: And that all and every Surveypr or Surveyor^ who shall neglect to pursue, or shall disobey or refuse such Order or Orders as aforesaid, shall, for such Neglect, Disobedience, or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and be rendered incapable for ever after of acting as a Surveyor in this Island.

IX. And for the further Encouragement of such new Comers, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charge of patenting the Lands so to be granted to them, as aforesaid, be paid for by the Publick; and that the said new Comers be, and are hereby exempted and declared free from all Parochial and Poll Taxes for the Space of Five Years from the Dates of their respective Patents; as also from the Payment of any Duties or Imports they may be liable to, for such Slaves as they shall bring with them with an Intention to settle, pursuant to the Meaning of this Act.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such newComers, to whom any Lands shall be granted, as aforesaid, shall not, nor shall any of them, within Seven Years after the Date of their or any of their respective Patents, malle any other Alienation, than by Will only, of all' or any such Lands so to be granted to them, or any of them, as aforesaid; and if any Deed, or other Conveyance, except as aforesaid, purporting such Alienation, shall be made of any such Lands, the same shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes; and in such Case the said Lands so intended or mentioned to be aliened otherwise than as aforesaid, shall revert to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And to the Intent that no Injury may be done to the particular Proprietors of the said respective Parcels of Land, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every present Proprietor of any Parcel of Land so to be verted in his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, as aforesaid, who shall make it appear to the Receiver-General for the Time being, within Six Months after the parting of this Law, that he hath complied with the Payment of his Quit-rents for such Parcel of Land within Three Years last part, shall be repaid by the Publick all such Sums of Money as such Proprietor hath paid for Quit-rents, together with the Charge of patenting such Parcel of Land.

XII. And to avoid any Imposition or Dispute that may arise, who shall be deemed new Comers within the Intention of this Act, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons that have not resided in this Island for the Space of Twelve Months immediately before the parting this Act, and who have not any Lands within the same, shall be deemed new Comers.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such new Comers shall be free and exempt from all Actions and Procelles of Law for Debts not contracted in this Island, Great Britain, or Ireland, for the Space of Thj-ee Years after their Arrival.

Act 108,109. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

205

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such new Com- 1736. ers shall be, and are hereby obliged to begin and carry on a Settlement on such

Land so to be granted to them, as aforesaid, within Three Calendar Months To begin a from and after the Date of their respective Patents; and on Failure of which, all such Lands Avail revert to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses, Months from Intents, and Purposes of this Act. ti-.e Date of

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Funds,the r latcnts* and Surplusage of Funds, not already appropriated, be, and are hereby appro- pru0npdrS;autedP"to priated to answer the Purposes of this Act; and in case the fame should be de-be applied'to ficient, that then the Receiver General be, and he is hereby authorized, im- ^.c^'"rP^es powered, and required to take up and borrow Money at Interest, at and after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Purposes aforesaid; which shall be made good to him by this or any future Assembly.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver This Act to General do, within Twenty Days after the passing of this Law, procure a Copy be Printed-thereof, and cause this Act to be printed; and that Fifty Copies thereof be at

the Disposal of the President, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being; and that the Charges of printing the fame be paid by the Receiver General, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to prevent the malicious burning of Houses and Platitat ions.

HERE AS several ill-disposed mischievous Persons have of late been Act 108. engaged in and practised unlawful and wicked Course?, in burning of Houses, and Cane-pieces, in Contempt of the Laws, and to the great Damage and Impoverishment of many of his Majesty's Subjects in this Island : For Prevention whereof for the future, we humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That Persons burn-' where any Person or Persons, after the passing of this Act, shall unlawfully and maliciously burn, or cause to be burnt, or aid, procure, advise, or consent to Felony, such burning of any Manfton or Dwelling-house, or any inset or outset House, being Parcel of a Mansion or Dwelling-house; or any Mill-house, Boiling-house,

Still-house, CuriDg-house, Corn-house, or any other House, properly or necessarily belonging to a Sugar-work or Plantation; or any Store-house or Wharf-house; or any Ship, Sloop, Canoe, or other Vessel, having Sugar, Rum, Me-lafifes, or other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on board or in her; or any Piece of Sugar Canes, or Plantain Walk; or any Coffee, or Cocoa Trees, or shall pluck up, cut down, or destroy such Trees or Plants; every such Offence shall be adjudged Felony; and the Offenders, and all and every of them who shall be indicted for the fame, and thereof be lawfully convicted, or shall stand mute,- or shall challenge peremptorily above the Number of Twenty before the Justices of his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, shall be reputed and taken to be as Felons, and shall suffer Pains of Death without any Benefit of Clergy, and shall forfeit as in case of Felony; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II

An Act to explain and enforce the Daft TV ill and left ament of John Wclmer, late of Kingston, Goldsmith, deceased\ and rendering his Donation to the said Town more useful f and for erecting and establishing a Free-school in the said, 'Town.

WHEREAS John Wolmer, late of Kingston, Goldsmith, deceased, by his Act 109, , last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the One and twentieth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty-nine, duly proved and recorded in the Secretary's Office of this Island, did give

F f f

and

2©6

Act 109.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1736. and devise, after some small Legacies therein mentioned, the Rest and Residue of V/W his Estate, for the Foundation of a Free-school in the Parish where he should happen to die; and on the Nine and twentieth Day of June following departed this Life in the said Town and Parish of Kingston, where he had resided upwards of Twenty Years: And whereas it appears that the said Will is defective, in regard no Provision is made for a House, nor hath the Testatpr given any Directions, or prescribed any Rules for the good Order and Management of the said Free-school j whereby it becomes necessary to have the fame settled on a proper Foundation, especially ftnce several well-disposed Persons have offered to subscribe a considerable Sum, to render the fame more useful and complete, and others may be excited by their good Example; so that in Time it may become a very considerable and beneficial Seminary of Learning for Youth: We therefore humbly beseech your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island Tmflees of of "Jamaica, That the President, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, the Donation, Honourable the Four senior Counsellors for the Time being, the Honourable the Speaker of the Assembly, and the Honourable the Chief Justice for the Time being, and the Cnjlos Rotulorum, the four senior Magistrates, and the Rector of the Town of Kingston for the Time being, and Six of the Inhabitants of the said Parish, such as the Freeholders shall annually elect; together with Michael Atkins, the surviving Executor of the said John Wolmert shall be, and are hereby appointed Trustees for the Direction and Management of the said Donation, and of all Subscriptions, Donatives, Devises, and Bequefis that shall hereafter be given to and for the Use of the said Free-school; Seven of which Trustees shall be a Quorum, to do Business: Provided always, That the President or Commander in Chief for the Time being, the Four senior Counsellors, the Speaker of the Assembly for the Time being, the Chief Justice for the Time being, the Custos of Kingston for the Time being, or any Two of them, shall be of that Number.

Trustees, CSV,

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, and incorporated. wj1Q be Trustees of the said Free-school, and of all Lands,

Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall or may be given by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or purchased by the said Trustees, or their Successors, for the Use and Benefit of the said Free-school, at all Times hereafter for ever: And that the said Trustees and Free-school shall for ever stand, and be incorporated, in Name and in Deed, a Body Politick, incorporate by the Name of "The Trustees of Wolmert Free-schcoT, and that by that Name they and their Successors shall and may for ever hereafter have, hold, and enjoy the said Free-school, and all Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and all Gifts, Donations, Benefactions, or Devises, which at any Time hereafter shall be given and purchased for the Use and Benefit of the said Free-school.

To aftasfuch.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, and their Successors, or the major Part of them, by the fame Name, shall and may have Power and Ability to place out at Interest, on good and sufficient Security, any Donations, Benefactions, or Subscriptions in Money; and to demise, fell, and lease such Possessions and Hereditaments, as shall or may be given or purchased, as aforesaid 5 and to take, acquire, and purchase; to sue, and to be sued j and to do, perform, and execute all and every lawful AC! and Thing, good, necessary, and profitable for the said Corporation, in as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as any other Corporation, or Body Politick and Corporate, fully and perfectly incorporated, may or ought to do: And that they the said Trustees, and their Successors, may have and use a Common Seal, for the making, granting, and demifing of such their Demises or Leases, and for the doing of all and every other Things, touching, or in any wise concerning or appertaining to the said Corporation 3 in which Seal shall be engraven the Sun breaking through a Cloud; and that the said Seal shall be deposited and kept in the Hands of the Custos Rotulorum of the said Town of Kingston for the Time being.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Michael Atkins, the surviving Executor of the said John Wohner, and the Executors of Samuel

Kemermain,

Act ioq.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

20 7

Kemermain, deceased, who was the other Executor of the said John Wolmer, shall 1736. be, and are hereby required within Forty Days after the passing of this Act, to v — "v J render an Account of the Profits and Produce of the said John Wolmers Estate, Executors to together with the Interest arising or accruing on the fame, to the other Tru(fees render an Ac-of the said Free-school, or the major Part of them, and to pay over the Balance that shall appear to be due, or assign over such Securities as they have taken for the Estate within fame, or any Part thereof; and upon their hating and adjusting the said Accounts, 4oDays-and paying the Balance, or assigning the Securities in their Hands in the Manner aforesaid, the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall be, and are hereby impowered to execute a Release and Acquittance to the Executors of the said Samuel Kemermain, and the said Michael Atkins, his Heirs or Assigns; which Release or Acquittance shall be a full Discharge and Indemnification to them, and every of them; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law- to^ ful for the said Trustees, and their Successors, to ered: or build a proper House, house, Izfc. with Out-houses; and to endow the fame in Proportion to their Revenues; and

until the said House can be conveniently built, to hire one such as they shall think fit for the Purpose, for the Abiding, Dwelling, and necessary Use of one or more Matters or Ushers, for inttruding Youth without Charge, in Reading, Writing, Arithmetick, Latin, Greek, the Mathematicks, and any other Parts of Learning the said Trustees shall think proper.

VI. And that they the said Trustees, and their Successors, or the major Part T°^PPoin^ of them, shall have full Power and Authority to nominate and appoint such Per- ushers! son or Persons as they shall think proper or qualified, to be Matters and Ushers

of the said School, provided they be of the Religion of the Church of England, and are well affected to the Protestant Succession.

VII. And upon any Misbehaviour or Disability, to remove the said Matters or To remove Ushers, or any of them; and when any of them, by Deprivation, Resignation, behavkm* or Death, shall become void, the said Trustees, and their Successors, shall and &c. and ap-may, within Three Months after such Voidance, by Writing under their Common Seal, appoint one or more, qualified as aforesaid, in the Place of them, and every of them so deprived, resigning, dcceafing, or becoming void.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, To receive as or their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may receive into the said ^n^imo the Free-school as many Children as they shall think proper, in Proportion to the Re- Free-school as venues of the said School; and upon any Misbehaviour or Inability, or upon their c}jey, ^aI1

1 A /*•r~\• I r J r think proper,

attaining the Age or Eighteen, to remove or discharge them, or any or them, and &c. to take and receive others into the said Free-school, in their Place and Stead:

And that the said Trustees, or their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may, from time to time, expend such Sum or Sums of Money, in Proportion to the Revenues of the said School, in and about the repairing, maintaining, upholding, or enlarging the said School, and Buildings thereunto belonging, as they shall think convenient, requisite, and necessary.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, and To make their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may have full Power and government Authority, under the said Common Seal, to make, ordain, and prescribe such Rules of the said and Ordinances, for the good Order and Government of the said Free-school, and School>

of the said Masters, Ushers, and Children, and for settling their and every of their Stipends and Allowances, as to them shall seem meet, convenient, and necessary; and that the said Rules and Ordinances, by them, or the major Part of them so made, ordained, and prescribed, as aforesaid, shall ft and and be in full Force and Strength in Law, the fame not being repugnant or contrary to his Majesty's Prerogative, nor the Laws and Statutes of England and this Bland.

X. And that the said Trustees, and their Successors, or the major Part of them, visit it. shall and may have full Power and Authority to visit the said School, and to order, reform, and redress all Disorders and Abuses in and touching the Government and Management of the fame, in such Manner, and at such Times, as to

them shall seem fit.

208

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 109,110.

1736.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful v — v — for any of the Trustees, or their Successors, to keep in his or their Hands above Nottobor. Thirty Days, or to apply to his or their own Use and Benefit, or to take or bor-^c\ anny row, on Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money, given to or for the Use of the said to the School. Free-school, or that shall arise or become due for Interest or Rent; nor shall they, or any of them, buy, fell, rent, or lease any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be settled, purchased, or given for the Uses aforesaid.

Penalty on

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons gain'll thfsAfi. offending, or acting contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; one Third to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland; one Third to and for the Use of the said Free-school; and the other Third to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the fame; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of the Courts of Record in this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulteriusprofequi entered; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for impowering William Peete to keep the Ferry, and ereSl a Foil-gate, or Turnpike, between iSV. Catharine's and St. AndrewV, and taking up runaway Negroes.

Act iio."^WHEREAS a Road and Passage by Land, between the Parishes of St. Ca-\\ tharine and St. Andrew, has been heretofore found of great Use and Advantage to the whole Island, as being an easy, safe, and near Communication to the several Precincts: And whereas it will be requisite and necessary that the old Road should be amended, or a new Road made; and that a Ferry should be kept, for an Accommodation and Passage over the River Cobrey and the Bridge kept in Repair, which cannot be effected or done without great Expence and Charge: And whereas William Peete hath undertaken the making a good Road, and keeping the fame, and the said Bridge in constant Repair, and keeping a Ferry duly attending for such Purposes: For the Encouragement therefore of so good and necessary a Work, may it please your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted by the President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of Toll granted the fame, That the said William Peetey his Heirs and Aftigos, he, by this Act, for *4 Years,impowered and authorized, for the Space of Fourteen Years from the passing of this Act, to ask, demand, and receive, as a Duty and Toll, for the transporting of any Person over the said River, when necessary, and for the Passage of any Person, Cattle, Mules, Sheep, Hogs, or other Stock, through the said Turnpike, on or along the said Road, the following Toll or Duty; viz. For every grown horned Beast, Seven Pence Half-penny; for every Horse, Seven Pence Half-penny; for Sheep, Goats, and Hogs, Five Shillings per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or Idler Number; for a Coach, Chariot, or four Wheel Chaise, with four or fix Horses, Coachman, Postilion, and Footman, at the Rate of Seven Pence Half-penny for each Horse; and for a two Wheel Chaise, and 'Horse or Horses, Fifteen Pence; and for a Wain or Cart, including Cattle and Carmen, Seven Pence Half-penny; for each Beast, and for every Person that Personspaffing shall be ferried over, Seven Pence Half-penny; and that no Person, Carriage of the same Day any Sort, PPirfe, Cattle, Sheep, Goats, or Hogs passing to and fro, between Sun-not to pa/ rife and Sunset, shall be obliged to pay the said Toll more than once in one Day; tvvice* for which Purpose, and to prevent any Disputes that may arise about the said Toll, the said William Peete shall, and is hereby obliged to give to each Person paying the Toll, and declaring his or her Intention to return again the same Day, a Ticket; which Ticket being returned the same Day, shall intitle him or her, with their several Conveniencies, to repass without any further Toll: And that the said William Peete, his Heirs and Afilgns, may and shall ered and build a Toll-gate or Turnpike at the Bridge which divides the said Parishes.

Rates of the Toll.

Act i i o. f he LAWS of JAMAICA.

209

II. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William Pecte, his Heirs and Assigns, be by this Act impowered and authorized, and the said William Peete, his Heirs and Assigns, are hereby impowered'and authorized, during the said Term of fourteen Years hereby limited, to nominate, conffitute, appoint, and keep, and in his Place and Stead, to put one or more white Men at the said Ferry and Turnpike, as Occasion shall be, or he shall think proper, to ask, demand, and.receive such Duty or Toll for the transporting, if necessary, of any Cattle or Things over the said River, or along the said Road, the several Sums of Money by this Act limited.

III. Provided always, That if the said William Peete, or his Assigns, shall not sufficiently repair, finiffi, and compleat the said Way and Paffiage over Rio Cobre in the Parish of St. Catharine, to Water-honfe Pajlare in the Parish of St. Andrew, within Twelve Months from and after the making of this Act, and that in all Places it be not less than Sixteen Foot broad; that the aforesaid Limitation of the Rates which shall be paid by virtue of this Act, or any Letters Patent, granted or to be granted for the fame, shall cease, determine, and be utterly void.

IV. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no other Person whatsoever presume to erect, maintain, or keep a Ferry or Raft over the fame River for Hire; or erect, build, maintain, or keep any other Toll-gate or Turnpike upon the said Road, for the Space of Fourteen Years after the passing hereof, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, current Money of this Island, for every Offence; the one Half to be for our Sovereign Lord the King, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; the other Half for the said William Peete, his Heirs or Assigns, or him or them that shall inform or sue for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature within this his Majesty's Island, wherein no Protection, Wager of Law, Essoin, or Injunction shall be allowed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William Peete be, and he is hereby impowered to examine all Negroes, and other Slaves travelling that Way without Letters or Tickets, and to detain and fend them to the Owners, if known; or, if not known, to the common Gaol; for each of which he shall receive the usual Mile-money allowed for taking up of runaway Negroes.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said William Peete shall in any thing neglect his Duty, or offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall for every such Neglect or Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Imparlance, In]undtion, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue or prosecute for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Edward Garthwait, Esq; for the Parish of St. Andrew, James Knight, Esq; for the Parish of Kingston, and Rose Fuller, Esq; for the Parish of St. Catharine, or such other Person as the Justices and Vestry of the respective Parishes shall choose in the Room of any of them who shall happen to die or go off this Island, be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said Road, with Power to fuoerintend and direct the repairing, finiffiing, and compleating the fame; and to hear and determine all Disputes that may arise about the fame, or the Toll to be taken thereon.

736-

Collectors to be appointed.

Toll to cease, if the Road, tffc. is not finished within 12 Months.

Penalty on keeping any other Ferry overtheRiver, or erecting Turnpikes upon the Road.

Negroes tra* veiling that Way,to be examined, &c.

Penalty on William Peete's ne-glefting his Duty.

Commissioners Names.

G g g

An

210

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act hi.

Fin FIB to prevent the Abuses committed by entertaining^ conceal'ing,

1 — v — ' or carrying off any of his Majesty s Soldiers, any white Men or

Womeji, Servants or Slaves, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of this If and, without Tickets; and for the better regulating , Servants^ and deciding Differences between Masters and Servants.

Act hi; \ T WHEREAS the Number of white People residing in this Eland is of the greatest Consequence to its Security, as well against all foreign Enemies, in case of War, as against the rebellious Negroes: For the better securing and keeping white Servants and others in this Island, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by your Majesty's President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Eland of Jamaica, and it is hereby en-Commanders acted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of to entertain1 February next, no Captain, Master, or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, or or carry off other Person whatsoever, shall entertain, hide on shore or on board, or carry ?"y So.*r- off, or attempt to carry off this Eland, either a Sailor or Passenger, or upon any a Discharge other Pretence whatsoever, any Soldier of any of the Independent Companies from his Cap- now, or that hereafter shall be in this Eland, without a sufficient Discharge from am, ^c' the Captain of the Company he belongs to; or any white Person, lately indented or hired, without a Discharge from such white Person's last lawful Employer, and also a Certificate from any one Justice of the Peace, of the Parish or Precinct where such white Person last resided, that the said white Person is free, and not indented or hired to any Person whatsoever, or that such white Person had served out his or her Time according to his or her Agreement, under the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered of and from any Master, Commander, or Captain of any Ship or Vessel, who shall be guilty of any such Offence, or his Security in the Secretary's Office, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Injunction, Essoin, Protection, Non vult ulterins prosequi, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And that the Master or Mistress of such Person, or the Person so found on board, or carried off, shall be good Evidence against the Person so offending, or his Security.

Penalty on

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such"ealin^ t^le ^a^ Day February next, no Person whatsoever shall hide, hire, conceal, employ, or entertain any Person, who now is, or hereafter shall be a Soldier in any of his Majesty's Independent Companies; or any white Person who now is, or shall be the hired or indentured Servant of any other Person; or who has not a sufficient Discharge from his Captain or Commander, or from his last Master or Employer, attested and certified to be true and genuine, under the Hand of any one Justice of the Peace in the Parish or Precinct where such Soldier, Servant, or white Person last resided and lived, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds; to be recovered of and from the Person so hiring, hiding, concealing, employing, or entertaining such Soldier, Servant, or white Person, without such Discharge and Certificate, as aforesaid > to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature in manner aforesaid.

Soldiers,&c. ,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Soldier Evideifce*1- or w^te Person so detained, hidden, hired, concealed, employed, or entertained, gainst such shall be deemed and allowed to be good Evidence against all and every Person offenders. and Persons so offending.

IV. And whereas it is a common Practice for Matters and Commanders of Ships and other Vessels, to entertain and work on board their said Ships and Vessels, in the Harbours of this Eland, the Slaves of the Inhabitants, which gives an Opportunity to carry such Slaves off the Eland: For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall entertain, work, or suffer or permit to be

entertained

Act 111. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

21 I

[ I

'! I 1

;r|

)f

>i

r

I

IQ1 J

is 1

i

on

of 1 ad

kill

•til,

0"

i k'

entertained or wrought on board such Ship or Vessel, any Slave belonging to any 1736. Inhabitant in this Island (other than the proper Slaves of such Matter or Commander) without hiring him from the Owner, or having a Certificate from the of^not* Custos Rotulorum, or any two Justices of the Peace of the Precinct wherein the to work any Owner of such Slave resides, that such Slave is at Liberty from his Owner to hire himself; which Certificate shall contain the Names of the Owner, and of the fronfhis Slave, and the Place of the Residence of such Owner, and for how long Time Owner, such Slave is at Liberty to hire himself; such Matter, or Commander of Ships or other Vessels, offending as aforesaid, shall, over and above all other Penalties, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered before any Two Justices of the Peace; who are hereby impowered to summon before them all such Offenders, and to hear and determine such Offence, and to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he hath paid the said Forfeiture; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And for the better preventing such Practices, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Matter or Commander of any Ship, Sloop, or Vessel, shall, upon his Entry, take the following Oath

I A.B. do swear, That I have not, nor will hire any Negro Slave, but from the Commander's Owner, or such as have or pall have a Certificate from the Custos Rotulorum, Oath-or Two Justices of the Peace oj the Parip or PrecinEl where the Owner of such Negroe Slave resides, purporting that such Negroe Slave is at Liberty to hire himself

Which Oath the Secretary of this Island, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby impowered and required to administer, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Neglect or Refusal.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Carrying off Person and Persons that shall run away with or carry off, or attempt to run away Negroes, &c. with or carry off any other Person's white Servant, Negroe or Negroes from this e ony> Island, and be taken in the Attempt, and convicted thereof, shall be guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy, and suffer as such j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by an Act, entituled, An Act for regulating Servants, sufficient Provisions have not been made to decide Differences between Matters and Servants : For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Servant, either indented or hired, shall any ways misbehave justices to in-himself during the Time of such his Indenture, Service, or Contract; on Com- fll^p"™s|Tr plaint thereof, or of any such Misdemeanor or Misbehaviour, such Justice shall vants mifbe-" either associate or call in some other Justice in the Parish where the Crime or having them-Offence shall be committed, and the said Justices are hereby impowered to hearselves' and determine such Complaint, and to inflict such Punishment as to them shall seem convenient, according to the Nature of the Cafe, not extending to Life or Member; which Judgment the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, in the Precinct where such Trial has been, shall execute, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction, Non vult ulterius prosequi, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Differences Differences hereafter to arise between Matter and Servants, hired, contracted, or indented Ser-

(Overseers of Sugar Works, or Sugar Plantations, excepted) shall be fully heard vants, &c. to and determined before any Two Justices of the Peace of the Parish or Precinct be d^.ed by

J J tWO iUvtlC6S*

where any such Difference shall happen or arise, without Appeal from any such Determination, although the Sum or Sums of Money so determined or adjudged shall exceed Forty Shillings, or Twenty Pounds, or any other Sum whatsoever; one Act, entituled, An Act impowering justices of the Peace lo decide Differences not exceeding Forty Shillings; and one other Act, entituled, An Act for establishing

Courts,

212

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 111,112;

1736. Courts, and dire Sling the Marfal's Proceedings, or any other Act, Law, Custom, — y~ — J or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Penalties how

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties to be levied and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned, shall be one Moiety, or Half-part thereof and applied. tQ Qur Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety or Half-part to the Informer, or him or them that shall prosecute for the same.

This Aa to be X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-Couran/\General do, within one Month after the passing of this Act, cause the same to ' ' be put into the Courant three several Times; one of which Courants shall be transmitted to the Judges of the several Courts of this Island, and to the several Cujios's and Commanding Officers in each Parish, to be read at every Quarter-session, and at the Head of every Company of the Militia in this Island, the Charge whereof shall be allowed him out of any Money unappropriated in his Hands; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for regulating of Pilots.

Act 112. \\ WHEREAS the Ships of War his Majesty is pleased to fend hither from time to time for the Protection and Security of this Island, as well as the Trade and Navigation from all Parts, are greatly exposed, through the Ignorance and Unskilfulness of several Persons pretending to be Pilots, who are not qualified for so great a Trust, and by Negroes being frequently employed in that Service, the Consequence of which maybe very pernicious, if not destructive to this Island, as well as to Trade : For Remedy whereof, we humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and it is hereby enacted by Pilots to have the President, Council, and Assembly of the Island of Jamaica, That from and fr^rtheCCom-a^ter she pa'sting of this Act, no Person shall presume to ad, or take upon his, self the Charge of any Ship or other Vessel, as a Pilot, without first obtaining a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners hereafter to be appointed for that Purpose, and taking the following Oath before the Cajlos Rotiilorum of Port-Royal or Kingston, or any 'two Magistrates of the said Towns, who are likewise obliged to give a Certificate of the fame under their Hands and Seals:

and take this T A.B. do [wear, that I will faithfully, diligently, and truly pilot all Ships and Oath, other Vessels entrufied to my Care, to the best oj my Skill and Knowledge; and

that I will not undertake to conduci any Ship or other VeJJ'el into or out of any Harbour, Port, Creek, or Bay of this IJlatid, where I am not well acquainted with the Channel, Shoals, and Quays:

So help me God.

under the Pe-

II. And if any Person shall take upon him the Charge of piloting any Ship r.alty of 500l.or other Vessel, who is not qualified, or has not obtained proper Certificates in Imprison-" the Manner aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred ment. Pounds, and fuller Twelve Months Imprisonment; one Half of which Penalty of Five hundred Pounds shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, or him, her, or them who shall

The Governor to appoint seven Commissioners.

Penalty on Persons employing Negroes to pilot Ships.

sue or prosecute for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the time being, be, and he is hereby desired and impowered to appoint Seven able and experienced Masters and Commanders of Merchant Ships, and other Vessels, to be Commissioners, for the Examination and Appointment of Pilots in the Manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall hereafter employ a Negro to take Charge of a Ship, or other Vessel, as a Pilot,

Act ii2.

2I3

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds; and whosoever shall offer, or hire out a 1736. Negroe to be employed in that Service, shall be under the like Penalty; to be recovered before any Two Judges of the Supreme or Grand Court, Or Three Justices of the Peace; one Half to the Informer, or Person that shall prosecute for the fame; and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offender resides.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided nevertheless; That in regard there is hot at present a sufficient Number of Pilots for the.Trade, especially upon the coming in or going out of a-Fleet, or any Number of Ships; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Maryland and Bristol, belonging to Joseph Wait, of Port Royal; and Deptford and Blackball, belonging to Edward Glass, of the same Place, or either of them, shall and may, at the coming in or going out of a Fleet, or any Number of Ships, in case a sufficient Number of white Pilots should not offer themselves, take Charge of any Ship or other Vessel, for and during the Space of Six Months from and after the passing of this Act; atiy thing to the contrary in this or any other Act notwithstandingi

VI. And for the Encouragement of good and able Pilots, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Merchant Ships, and other Vessels, bound into Merchant^ Port Royal, or into any Harbour, Bay, or Creek of this Island, be, and are the first Pilot* hereby obliged to make use of the first Pilot that shall tender his Service, or be thatoffers him-obliged, in case of Refusal, to pay the Fee appointed by this Act; to be recovered or pay thei

before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace.

[Proviso.]

VII. Provided nevertheless, That no Pilot shall be intitled to his Fee or Gratuity for bringing in any Ship or other Vessel, unless he is taken on board,

or tenders his Service at leaf! one League to the Eastward of Plumb Point, or the fame Distance beyond any Quay or Shoal without that or any other Harbour,

Port, Bay, or Creek in this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all IVferchant Rates for Pi-Ships and other Vessels, shall hereafter pay the following Rates or pees for Pilot- otir's'

ir to be recovered before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, viz.

For piloting a Ship into Port Royal, Two Pounds; for a Brigantine, or Snow,

Thirty Shillings; and for a Sloop, or Scooner, Twenty Shillings; and the like Sums for carrying any of them out of the Harbour, clear o.f the Quays or Shoals.

For p'loting a Ship into Old Harbour, Six Pounds; for piloting a Brigantine, or Snow, Three Pounds; for a Sloop, or Scooner, Thirty Shillings; and the like Sum for carrying any of them out again, clear of the Quays or Shoals: And that they shall have and receive for piloting a Ship into any other Port, Harbour, Bay, or Creek of tlvs Island, Three Pounds; for a Brigantine, or Snpw, Thirty Shillings; and for ‘a Sloop, or Scooner, Twenty Shillings; and the like Sum for carrying-them out again.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pilots of Pilots to take Port Royal and Kingston shall, attheir own proper Costs and Charge, buoy out or-stake the-Chapnel-between those Two Harbours; and from time to^time keep

them in sufficient Repair, and make them good, under the Penalty of .Fifty Pounds for every Offence.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all-Foreign Foreign Ships Ships, or other Vessels, bound>from Port Royal to Kingston, or from Kingston to 0° a'piio^ or Port Royal, shall be, and are hereby obliged to make use'of a .Pilot, or to pay the pay the Fee. following Fee to the first'Pilot that tenders his Service, in case of Refusal; viz.

For a Ship,'Two Pounds; Tor a Brigantine, or Snow, One; Pound Ten Shillings; and for a Sloop, or Scooner, One Pound, for bringing them from Port JRoyal to Kingston, and the fame Sums for carrying them down.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the further Encouragement of the Pilots, and to prevent at anytime the Delay or De- chiaj tainment of any Ship or Vessel, the Pilots are hereby exempted from serving in any parochial or publick Duty or Office, the Militia only excepted.

An

Hhh

2 14

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i i 3,

1736. An Act to explai?i an ASI, entituled, An Act for regulating of Pilots, passed in November, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

Act 113.

Pilots to beap-pointed without a Certificate.

The Channel to be buoyed out in Three Months.

How farPilots are to attend.

President may appoint Negroes on a Do ficiency of white Pilots.

Differences how to be determined.

Penalties how to be recovered and applied.

WHEREAS, from the Scarcity of Pilots, occasioned through the too great Restrictions and Difficulties of obtaining such Requisites as are necessary for a qualified Pilot, within the Intent and Meaning of an Act, entituled, An Act for regulating of Pilots, several Ships and other Vessels from Great Britain, and other Parts, have been in Danger of being loft upon this Coast; to the great Discontent of the Owners, Proprietors, and others concerned; and great Loss and Damage may happen to his Majesty's Subjects, and others, by the Want of a sufficient Number of able qualified Pilots, unless timely prevented : For Remedy of which, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the President, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, to authorize and appoint such white Person and Persons as shall be recommended to him, and that shall have taken such Oath in such Manner, and before such Magistrate, and that is otherwise qualified, as in and by the said Act is directed, although they have not obtained such Certificate as by the said Act is required.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Channel between Port Royal and Kingston shall be buoyed out, as in and by the said Act is directed, within the Space of Three Months, under the Penalty of Two hundred Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pilots, to intitle themselves to Pilotage, shall attend one League at least to the Eastward

of Tellows Bay.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until there be a sufficient Number of qualified white Pilots, or in case of the Death or Sickness of the Negroe Pilots allowed by the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for the President, or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, to appoint such and so many other Negroe Pilots, for whose Skill, Diligence, and Ability the Master or Owner shall be answerable, as shall be found necessary.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sugar-droger or Turtler shall be deemed or taken to be within the Intent or Meaning of the said Act; and all Differences and Disputes that may happen between the Pilot or Commander of any Vessel, shall be heard and finally determined by any Two Justices of the Peace of the Parishes or Precincts of Port Royal or Kingston, upon Application to them made to that End.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties in this Act mentioned, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, byAdtion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Pro-tedtion, Injunction, Imparlance, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and toward the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him, her, or them who shall sue or prosecute for the fame; any thing in the said Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act i 14. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

215

An Act to enable the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Anne to build 1737. a Barrack at or near the Head of Rio Bueno, which divides the 1

Parish of St. Anne from the Parish of St. James, and to exempt them fro?n their further contributing to the building of a?ty other Barrack; and for paying the Officers of the Barrack at the Little Maneagne.

WHEREAS the building a Barrack near the Head of Rio Bueno, which ^CT Ir.

divides the Parish of St. Anne from the Parish of St. James, will be of the greatest Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Anne, and particularly to those of the Westermost Part thereof: Therefore, for the effecting the fame, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the President, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That Forty Land verted in Acres of Land, at or near the Head of Rio Bueno above mentioned, be, and the .f^rack fame is hereby verted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the said Barrack; any former Patent, Grant, or Conveyance, Title, or Possession thereof, or of any Part thereof, notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided, The said Forty Acres of Land, so verted or to be verted in his Majesty, his Herrs and Successors, for the Use of the said Barrack, be not within Two Miles of any Settlement already made; and that the fame be laid out with as little Prejudice to any Person, as conveniently may be.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Forty ThesaidLand Acres of Land, verted or to be verted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, shall, within Two Calender Months from the parting this Act, be run out and ascertained in Manner aforesaid, by any sworn Surveyor, at the Rates by Law now allowed other Surveyors for the like Service, and in such Manner as shall be appointed by the Justices and Vertryof the said Parish of St. Anne, or the major Part of them; and that the Plat of the said Forty Acres of Land, when so run out and surveyed, shall be returned into the Secretary's Office of this Island, and there enrolled.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices ^arrac^to and Vestry of the Parish of St. Anne, or the major Part of them, be, and they dltc eic are hereby impowered and required, within Twelve Calender Months from the passing of this Act, to build a Stone Barrack, with Flankers, of such Largeness, Dimensions, and Proportions, and in Manner and Form, as the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of St. Anne, or the major Part of them, shall judge sufficient for the Habitation and Dwelling of Forty Men and their Officers; and that the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Anne shall from time to time keep the said Barrack, from the building thereof, well manned, with the Number of Forty an.d, Ir‘an^d able and sufficient Men, besides Officers, Five and twenty of which Men shall be WIt 40 1 tn" good and able Shot; and that the said Men be from time to time provided and furnished with sufficient and good Arms and Ammunition (which shall be constantly kept clean, and in good Order) and also with sufficient and wholesome Meat, Drink, Cloaths, and all other Necessaries requisite and convenient for them.

V. And for the finding and providing the said Forty Men, and upholding and keeping up such Number from time to time, as Occasion shall be or require, as well as providing, finding, and supplying them in Manner aforesaid, with all Manner of needful and necessary Provision, .Ammunition, and Apparel; be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of The Ta* how the said Parish of St. Anne for the Time being, be, and they are hereby impower-to b'raised % ‘ ed, authorized, and required to do the fame in like Manner as the other Barracks in this Island are to be furnished, upheld, supplied, or maintained, or by laying, levying, assessing, and collecting a Taxon the Parishioners of the said Parish for those Purposes, in such Manner as the Parish Tax is usually laidx asserted, levied,

and

2i6 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i 14.

1737. and collected in this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary not- — J withstanding.

The Men to

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Men hh^k0 to P^acec^ £he said Barrack so to be built in the Parish of St. Anne, as afore-ina Laws! ^lid, shall be under, and subject to the like Orders, Discipline, Regulations, and Penalties, as the Men in, or to be" placed in any of the other Barracks of this Island, by the Barracking Laws, or either of them, are under, or to be'liable or subject to.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Forty Men shall be commanded by a Captain, one Lieutenant,- and a Serjeant, to be from time to time appointed by the Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being : and shall be paid out of the said Tax so to be raised, collected, and

Their Pay. paj^ as aforesaid, by monthly Payments, the respective Sums following; to wit. To the Captain, Eight Pounds per Month; the Lieutenant, Six Pounds pet' Month; and the Serjeant, Four Pounds per Month, and no more.

VIII. And whereas some Doubts or Disputes may arise between the Parishes of St. John and St. Dorothy, with respect to paying the Officers and Surgeon belonging or to belong to the Barrack at the Little Mafieagne; be it therefore enacted

Rate on the by the Authority aforesaid? That the Sum of Ten Pounds per Month be paid to St.yX^nd Captam of the said Barrack, and the like Sum to the Surgeon; and that the St. Dorothy, fame, as well as all the other Expences in paying of Officers, and supporting the said Barrack, shall be at the Charges of the said Parishes respectively, in Proportion to the Number of Negroes and Cattle in each Parish.

St. Anne's Pa- IX., And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabi-fron!support^tants Par^ of St. Anne do probeed and advance the building and erect-

ingany other ing the Barrack at Normans Valley in the Parish of St. James, pursuant to the Barrack.- Directions of the Barracking Acts, for Three Months from the passing of this Act;

and that from and after the Expiration of the said Three Months, the Inhabitants of the said Parish of St. Anne shall be, and they are hereby free and exempt from contributing to, or assisting in the building, carrying on, or supporting, by Men, or otherwise, the Barrack built or to be built at or near Nortnans Valley aforesaid, or any other Barrack in this Island; the Barracking Laws herein before mentioned, to wit, one Act, entituled, An Act for the better settling and securing the If and; and vesting several Parcels of Land in 'the Crown; and for building of Barracks, and fitting out of Parties, for the reducing the rebellious Negroes, a??d cutting of Roads; and one other Act, entituled, An Act for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of this Island, in building Barracks, and retnedying and supplying some Dejells and Omissions in the late Barracking Law, or any other Act dr Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalty on X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person gainlfthaAft, w^° ^a^ *n any tbbig offend, or act contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of by. ' this Act, or in any thing neglect, or not perform his Duty, according to the true Meaning hereof, shall, for every such Offence or Neglect,"forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds; to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Imparlance, or Injunction shall be granted or allowed, or Non vidt ulterius prosequi be entered; one Moiety of all which Penalties shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Tor-and'-towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, sue,'or prosecute for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for the better preserving the publick Records of this Island.

Act 115. WHEREAS many of the publick Records of this Island were damaged by the late violent Hurricane, and by the Length of Time are much decayed; by which the Inhabitants of this Island are much endangered in their Properties and Estates: And whereas the Secretary of this Island' has, in pursuance of a Resolution of the Assembly of the Twenty-sixth Day of November; One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, transcribed several Books of the said de-

Act i 15.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

2 17

cayed Records, except such Parts as were not legible, into new Books; and in 1757. like Manner transi. ribed Parts of other decayed Books of Records into fu pplemental v J Books; and also transcribed the two first Books of the Laws of this Bland into new Books; May it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted be it therefore enacted by your Majesty's President, Council, and A ffembly of this your Bland of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the Transcripts of fame, That the said several Transcripts shall be deemed, and are hereby declared deemed va;^ to be valid, legal, and effectual Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the original Records themselves were before the making this Act.

II. Provided nevertheless, the said Secretary shall make Affidavit, before the Secretary to Chief Justice for the Time being, or before any Judge of the Supreme Court of Ju- ™!^h?fl!id dicature of this Bland, who are hereby impowered and required to take the fame, Transcripts That the said several Transcripts have carefully been examined by him, and are a,.‘et[ue Co' true and exact Copies of their several Records, before the said Transcripts, or*

Copies, shall be as valid, legal, and effectual Records, as aforesaid; which Affidavit the said Secretary is required to make, and enter in each particular Book of Transcripts, or Copies, within six Weeks from and immediately after the passing

of this Act into a Law, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds.

III. And whereas the Publick has been at great Experice, from Time to Time, in order to preserve the publick Records and Deeds of this Bland : And as it is reasonable, that the Secretary, who receives great Profit from searching the said Deeds and Records, by which they are worn out, should keep the fame in good

Order and Repair; it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the prefect Se- to keep the cretaiy shall be obliged, under the Penalty of One thousand Pounds, to keep the several Deeds, Records, and Alphabets in his Office, in good Order and Repair, p.d'; at his own proper Coils and Charge; and have also fairly transcribed Copies of such Deeds and Records as shall be impaired by frequent Ule, or decayed by Time;

And that every future Secretary shall be obliged, under the Penalty of Five thousand Pounds, before his Entrance upon the Office, to give Bond, with good and sufficient Security to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, That he will, from Time to Time, at his own Cost and Charge, keep in good Order the Deeds, Records, and Alphabets of his Office; and have Copies fairly transcribed of such Deeds, Records, and Alphabets, as shall any ways require such transcribing.

IV. It is hereby further enacted, That every Deed and Record so transcribed, ^eh°ta^1' shall be carefully examined by the Secretary for the Time being; and he is hereby ^mined obliged, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to repair to the Chief Ju-them himself, ftice for the Time being, and make Oath, that he has had the fame faithfully transcribed, and that he has carefully examined it himself; which Oath the Chief Justice is hereby impowered and required to administer; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And every Deed and Record so transcribed, examined, and sworn to, shall be deemed authentick, valid, and effectual.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Se- ^o°frhelL-cretary cause a List, or Inventory of all the Books of Record in his Office to be cords in his made in six Months after the passing of this Act: And that for the future, all Se- office> cretaries, or Persons acting as such, upon delivering Possession, or leaving the said Office, be obliged to deliver such Inventories to all new Secretaries; which said Inventories shall be signed by the said new Secretaries, and the Persons delivering Possession of the said Office, as aforesaid; and that the said Inventories shall be entered in a fair written Book, to be kept for that Purpose in the said Secretary's Office, and a Copy of the fame sent, signed as aforesaid, to the Clerk of the Supreme Court's Office; which said Inventories, or Copies, shall be good Evidence against the said Secretaries, or any of them, in case of any Embezilment of the said Books of Record : And the present Secretary, and all other Secretaries for the or forfeit future, who shall neglect or refuse to take or sign such Inventories, or cause such 1000 ' Copies to be made and signed, as aforesaid, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties in ^e£a,ties hovv this Act mentioned, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this and ppU-

I i i Bland, ed.

2i 8 . The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i i 5,116.

1737. Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Inform^don; wherein no Essoin, Pro- — v~ — > tedtion, Wager of Law, or Injunction shall be granted or allowed, or Non viilt ulterius prosequi be entered; and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for effectually settling the Parish of Portland, by vefing all the unsettled Lands in the said Parifi in the Crown.

Act 1 16. 1C 7 PEREAS several Acts of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica have been made, for settling the North-east Part thereof; and several Provisoes, or Clauses of Indulgence, have been inserted therein, allowing to the Proprietors of unsettled Lands, within the said Parish, certain Terms, or Spaces of Time, to settle the fame, in Elopes such Indulgences would have encouraged them thereto; but as such Proprietors have made no other Use of the said Indulgences, than to keep up their Claims, and thereby prevent the said Lands being settled: To the Intent therefore that no Part of the said Parish may remain unsettled, and that all such Persons who have settled on any of the unsettled Lands, by virtue of subsequent Patents, may have a good and firm Title to such Lands on which they are so settled, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by your Majesty'sPresident, Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all and every the said Provisoes, or Clauses of Indulgence, in whatsoever Law or Ad; contained, shall be, and are hereby de-Acts declared dared to be terminated, and become void, and shall be construed, deemed, and V0ld‘ taken so to be; and that all the unsettled Lands in the said Parish, which any Person or Persons may now, or shall hereafter claim by virtue thereof, or of any former Grant, shall be, and hereby are absolutely vested in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, to and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes hereafter mentioned; that is to say, That the President, Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall be, and he is hereby impowered and obliged to grant the said unsettled Lands, under the Broad Seal of this Island, to such Persons as shall apply for the fame, and to their Heirs, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and on and under such Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as is mentioned, set forth, and contained in an Act, entituled. An explanatory Act, for the further encouraging the settlitig of the Parish of Portland.

Persons who

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who subsequentned have gained subsequent Grants for the said unsettled Lands, either within the Grants, have Tract of Thirty thousand Acres already vested in your Majesty, or in any other Part of the said Parish, and have begun and carried on a Settlement or Settlements thereon, shall be, and they hereby have confirmed to them and their Heirs, a good, firm, and lawful Title to the fame, against all and every other, and former Grant, Claim, and Demand whatsoever.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided always, That such new Grantees do continue to carry on a

Settlement or Settlements on such their Lands, in such Manner and Form as is by the said Explanatory Act directed and appointed.

An Account

IV. And to prevent Persons from taking up and patenting more Land than bed^en tlicy are able or willing to settle; and that it may be perfectly known wrhat Nus,°Gf her of Acres each Person hath in the said Parish, with the Date of their Patents, the Number and Number of their white Men and Slaves; ‘ be it enacted by the Authority afore-Person pof-Ch That the Commissioners, or any Three of them, shall meet at a certain Place, fefies. to be by them or any Three of them appointed, once in every Year, to receive from the several Freeholders, or Patentees of Land within the said Parish, an Account of the Number of Acres each Person hath, with the Date of their Patents, and the Number of their white Men and Slaves.

V. And that the said several Freeholders, or Patentees, may have timely Notice of such Meetings, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners.

Indulgences granted by ?.nv former

Act i i 6.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

219

ers, or any Two of them, shall be, and are hereby obliged, Ten Days before 17317. every Yearly Meeting, to issue out their Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, 1 directed to the Constable or Constables of the said Parish, thereby commanding Commifl-lon_ him or them, three Days before the said Yearly Meeting, to summon all and every ers to issue the said several Freeholders or Patentees, their Overseers, Managers, or Book-keepers, as well as the Commissioners, »or as many of them as are resident in the holders, said Parish, to meet once in every Year, as aforesaid, according to the Directions and Appointment of the said Warrant in that Behalf to be issued, to render and give a just Account in their several Capacities, and take the following Oath

I A.B. do swear, That /, or my 'Employer, hath or had, on the Day Their Oath*

residing upon, or belonging unto my> his, or her EJltite, in this Parish ‘white Servant-men, and Slaves, the ‘white Men indented,

or really and bona fide hired for the Space of Three Months: And that neither I, nor my Employer, hath fraudulently, or with an Intent to evade the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the said Explanatory Act, brought to, or put on my, or his, or her said Estate, either white Men or Slaves. So help me God.

Which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby impowered to administer.

VI. But whereas it is possible that several Persons may hereafter reside and have their Plantations in the remote Parts of the said Parish, and at a great Distance from the Place where the Commissioners may hold their said Yearly Meetings, or that the Roads may be extremely bad, or the Rivers deep, and dangerous to cross, and therefore cannot conveniently be present at the said Meetings, to give in their said Accounts by themselves or their Servants: For the Ease of such Persons, and that People may not be drawn from their Plabitations, Clause in F^ be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Account and Accounts of Land, white Men, and Slaves, as are hereby directed and appointed to be given in upon agreatDif-Oath before the Commissioners at their said Yearly Meetings, shall and may for such Unce-Inhabitants be given in within the Time limited by this Act, upon Oath made before any one Commissioner, and subscribed by the Person deposing, and annexed to the said Account j any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding : Which Account so proved, shall be remitted to the Commissioners within the Time limited, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commis- Accounts w sioners .shall cause all the Accounts by them taken at their said Yearly Meetings, be recoruedi together with such as shall be given in and sworn to before any single Commissioner, and remitted to them, to be recorded in a good and well bound Book, which the Church-warden or Church-wardens of the said Parish are hereby required and obliged for that Purpose to provide.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of Penalty on the said Freeholders, or Patentees, shall refuse or neglect to give in their said Accounts, either before the Commissioners at their said Yearly Meetings, or before live^heirAc* some one Commissioner within the Time limited by this Law, or shall appear count, to be deficient in the Number of their white Men or Slaves; he, flie, or they so offending, shall, for every such Refusal, Neglect or Deficiency, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; to be recovered in a summary Way, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three Commissioners; and such Commissioners are hereby impowered and required to issue Warrants of Distress for the Recovery of such Sum and Sums of Money; and for Want of Goods and Chattels, to commit such Offenders to Gaol till Payment thereof, unless it shall appear, that such Default did not happen through the Direction of the Master, but by the Neglect and Default of the Overseer or Person intruded, and in such Case the Overseer or*

Person intruded shall be liable to such Forfeiture.

[Proviso.]

IX. Provided always, That no Warrant shall be granted for levying and collecting the said Forfeiture, unless it shall appear by Oath of the Constable, that the Party so offending had Three Days Notice of such Yearly Meeting.

X. And that all Persons, who may desire to become Settlers in the said Parish, A Docket of may readily know what Lands are patented and settled, as the said Explanatory bs

Ad directs; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Patentees of Land

within

220

Act i 16.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1737-

Cotmnilfion-cfs lo assign forfeited Lands to any Persons applying for the same.

within the said Parish, shall, within Six Months next after the passing of this Add, or Date of their Patents, bring their said Patents to the Commissioners, or any Three of them, who shall order a Docket thereof to be recorded in the said Book of Records, for which they shall pay to the Commissioners Clerk Two Shillings and Six Pence, and no more; and all Persons shall be at Liberty to search the said Book of Records.

XI. And whereas it is by the said Explanatory A<fl enabled, That the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, should grant to every Person willing to become, a Settler within the Tradd of Land of Thirty thousand Acres, mentioned in two former Acts, a Quantity of Land not exceeding Five hundred Acres, in Proportion to the Number of Negroes and white Men they are willing and ready to put thereon, and perfedd the Settlement thereof; and also a Lot of Land in the Town of Pitchfcld, to them, their Heirs and Assigns for ever; with a Condition, or Proviso, in the said Grant, that every Person so patenting any Parcel of Land, should be obliged to build and eredd a House on such his Lot in the said Town within Six Months from the Date of such his Patent, and to maintain and repair the fame, and to keep one white Person addually residing thereon at the lead, for and during the Term of Four Years from and after the Expiration of the said six Months; and aHo to begin and carry on a Settlement on his said Land, in Proportion to the Number of Acres in it; viz. Two Negroes for every hundred Acres in his said Grant; and if it contains Five hundred Acres, then with one white Man, and ten Negroes at the lead, within the first twelve Months after the Date of such his Patent; and also one other white Man and ten Negroes more at the lead on the said Land, yearly arid every Year after, till such Time as he hath put and settled thereon one white Man and ten Negroes for every hundred Acres contained in his Grant: and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number of Acres, under the Penalty of forfeiting all the Lands so to him or them granted, and all his or their Right or Title thereto, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and from thence all such Grants and Patents to cease, and utterly to become void to all Intents and Purposes, and be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and by him to be regranted, according to the Terms, Limitations, and Restrictions in the said Explanatory Act mentioned, to such other Persons as should desire the fame; any thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas by an Act, entituled, An Act for settling the North east Part of the If and, it is enacted, That all other Lands within the Tract- in the said Act mentioned, other than the Thirty thousand Acres, as aforesaid, which were then, or should thereafter be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, should be granted in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner and Proportion, and under such Provisoes, Conditions, and Re-flrictions, as the therein before mentioned Thirty thousand Acres were to be granted, and not otherwise; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall desire any Lot or Parcel of Land, which now is, or hereafter shall become forfeited, and re-vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of this or the said Explanatory Act, either within the said Tract of Thirty thousand Acres, or in any other Part of the said Parish, and shall lay an Order thereon, and apply to the Commissioners or any Three of them for an Alignment thereof; the Commissioners to whom such Application shall be made, shall be and are hereby obliged to assign the fame, setting forth in the said Assignment, by whom the said Lands were before patented, and for what the fame became forfeited; which Assignment the said Commissioners shall return in two Parts, under their Hands and Seals, the one of which shall be filed with the Clerk of the Patents, and the other shall be annexed to the Patent, and recorded with the fame in the Secretary's Office of this Island within the Time limited for recording of Deeds and Patents : And all Patentees of Land within the said Parish, who shall obtain Grants, and record the fame in Manner aforesaid, shall be, and hereby have a good, firm, and undeniable Title to the Lands so granted, against all other and former Patentees, as fully in every Respect as if the Lands so granted had been found forfeited and veiled in his Majesty by a Jury, or Proclamation

Act i 16.

2 21

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

r I

I

e 'i

n

h ir s

to

I

1 11

i.

k

I

lie I :h j

is, I k

le- I

lat «•1

ors,: t of1 ran an i be faitd the tin the :dd ad laii jliail

Pro-

ation

clamation had been made thereof in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature* 1737.

or any other ways whatsoever. Provided always that such new Grantee do ^-----\r — J

settle the Lands ib to him granted, according to the Conditions, Limitations* and Restrictions in this and the said Explanatory Act mentioned. Provided also, That all Persons who have Lots of Land in the Town of Fitchfeld, shall have Six Months from the passing." of this Act to build thereon and to comply with the Terms of the said Explanatory Abl, in case no new Grants have been made of such Lots and Buildingsereded by such new Patentees} any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas, for want of a Book of Records being hitherto kept in the said Parish, it cannot be certainly known or proved whether any, and who in particular of the present Inhabitants of the said Parish have been deficient, in duly complying with the Conditions of the said Explanatory Ad; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Persons who have patented any Persons who Lands in the said Parish, and settled the fame, and have continued to carry on a La^df 5 Years Settlement or Settlements thereon for the Space of Five Years, shall be, and they to have a good hereby are deemed and allowed to have a good, firm, and lawful Title to their Tltle chcren‘ Lands so granted and settled 3 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in

any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas it hath been customary for Commissioners, singly and atprovilb. different Times and Places, to assign Lands to new Settlers 3 which may occa-

fion Disputes to arise, on account of Priority : For Prevention of which Inconve-niency, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Alignments of Lands, which shall not be duly executed by a Quorum of the Commissioners met together at some certain Place in the said Parish, shall be null and void.

XV. And that there may be at all Times a sufficient Number of Commission- Additional ers residing in the said Parish to make a Quorum, be it enacted by the Authority Commission-aforesaid, That Samuel Brown and John Smithy Esquires, and Francis Sparke and er5‘

John Peeke Sutton, Gent, be added to the Number of those mentioned in other

and former Acts.

XVI. And in order to keep up the Number of Commissioners for the future* President to it shall and may be lawful for the President, Governor, or Commander in Chief Commission for the Time being, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons to be Com- ers, on the missionersas to him shall seem meet, upon the Death, Removal, or other Inca- Death» Capacity of any of the said Persons already appointed by this or any other Abl. appointed; y

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons h nominated, deputed, and appointed by the President, Governor, or Commander like the Oath in Chief, shall, within Three Months next after the Date of his Deputation, re-appointed to cord the fame in the said Book of Records, and take the Oath appointed to Be Commission-taken by the Commissioners, in an Act, entituled, An Act to e?icourage white ers.

People to come over and become Settlers in this Island •, and for the more easy and

speedy settling the North-eaf Part thereof 3 which Oath the rest of the Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby impowered to administer 5 and such Person or Persons so nominated, deputed, and appointed, and the said Deputation recorded, shall and may, from and immediately after the taking the said Oath; in all Things abl as a Commissioner, in as full and ample a Manner, and be subject to the same Penalties, as if they had been named and appointed in this or any other Abl.

XVIII. And whereas by the Abl, entituled, An Act for settli7ig the North-eaf Part of this If and, it is enabled, That all Lands within the Trabt described in the Plat unto the said Abl annexed, were veiled or should be veiled in his Majesty : And whereas by the said other Abl, entituled, An Act for encouraging white People to come over and become Settlers in this If and 3 and for the more easy

and speedy settling the North-eaf Part thereof, it is enabled, That the said Lands, Description of describing them to be bounded North and North-east by the Sea, from the Mouth ^Iand^' of White River to the Westward of the Mouth of the River Grandee, thence di-reblly South the Distance of fourteen Miles, then East till it meets with Swift River, thence South-east forty nine Degrees to the Head of Sulphur River* and

222

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Acti i6, i 17.

737-

[Proviso.]

What Lands

from thence in a straight Line to White River, and also the Island called Lynch's Island, should be, and for ever thereafter be taken and esteemed, to all Intents and Purposes, an intire and distinct Parish, separate from the Parishes of St. George and St. Thomas in the Eafi, and be called and known by the Name of the Parish of Portland.

XIX. Provided always, That no Clause or Clauses in the said last mentioned, or any former Act, should extend to take into the said Parish any Lands in the Parish of St. George that were then settled; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas there were at the Time of passing the said last mentioned Act, some few Settlements within the said Boundaries, which have been since thrown up and deserted, and which may hereafter occasion Disputes to arise ilialfbedeem. between the said Two Parishes oi Portland and St. George: For Prevention ed to belong whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Lands within of PorJ/ZT Boundaries described by the said two last mentioned Acts, shall for ever hereafter be deemed, taken, and allowed to be in and belonging unto the said Parish of Portland; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act, nor any thing herein contained, shall be of any Force to diminish, add to, or alter the Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions of two several Parcels of Land at Long Bay and Mancheonele, veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of two several Acts, the one entituled, An Act for the better settling and securing the Island, and vejlingfeveral Parcels of Land in the Crown, and for building of Barracks, and fitting out of Parties for the Re duff ion of the rebellious Negroes, and for cutting of Roads; the other entituled, An Act for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of this Island in building Barracks, and remedying and supplying some Dcfeffs and Omissions in the late Barracking Law; but that the Land so veiled, shall be and remain in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and in the Persons to whom they are or shall be granted, on the Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions, and to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes mentioned in the said two Barracking Acts, as fully in every Respect, as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

*'JV» *JV» HVi 'Vln 'W- 'V'r* 'V'*' 'JIm 'W* rJVi f

L — 11

738. An Act for the perpetuating such Parts of the late Barracking Laws as vested several Parcels of Land in the Crown, and confirming the Titles of such Persons as have had Grants of any such Lands pursuant to the said Laws; and for directing Surveys to be made of several Parcels of the said Lands.

Act 117. WHEREAS by an Act, entituled, An Act for the better settling and securing the Island, and vesting several Parcels of Land in the Crown, and for building of Barracks, and fitting out of Parties J'or the reducing the rebellious Negroes, and cutting of Roads, it is, amongst other things, enacted, That Two thousand Acres of Land shall be, and are thereby veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to lye near and contiguous as possible to the Barrack to be built at Bagnal's Thickets; and that the like Quantity of Land shall be also veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to lye near and contiguous as possible to the Barrack to be built at Norman s Valley, for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act thereafter mentioned: And whereas by the said redited Law, Nine other Barracks were directed to be built, besides the three Barracks at Long Bay, Bagnal's Thickets, and Norman's Valley : And whereas by an Act, entituled, An Act for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants oj this Island, in building Barracks, and remedying and supplying some Dcfeffs and Omissions in the late Barracking Law, a Quantity of Land, not exceeding Two thousand Acres, has been veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to lye near or contiguous to each Barrack to

be

Act 117.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

223

be built in pursuance of the said last recited Law, except near the Barracks at 1738. Ugly River and Flint River, where only Two hundred Acres were to be vested ' — for the Use of the said Barracks: And as the Land formerly vested in his Majestynear Bagfial's Thickets, had been all granted before the passing of the last mentioned Law; it is thereby enacted, that of the Land adjacent to the said Barrack at Bagnal's thickets. Two thousand Acres more should be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; all which Parcels of Land so vested in his Majesty were mentioned or intended to be for the Use of such Persons as should be deii-rous to become Settlers under the Protection of the said several Barracks: And whereas both the said recited Acts are now near expiring, and that several Persons who have taken Grants, and been at considerable Expence and Labour in making Settlements in pursuance of those Laws, may think themselves insecure in their Titles derived under such temporary Laws, and others may be likewise discouraged from applying for Grants under such Laws; we, his Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this his Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the said Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Titles of all such Persons who have already had Grants, and proceeded in making Settlements on any of the said Lands, and shall continue so to do, in pursuance and conformable to the Directions of the said recited Laws be, and they are hereby confirmed to them respectively, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever 5 and that all such Parts and Parcels of the said Lands as have not been already, shall be, and they are hereby vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to and for the Use of such 'Persons as may from Time to Time be desirous to become Settlers in any of the said Parcels of Land.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, That no new Comer or other Person shall be intitled to take up or have a Grant by virtue of this Law, before he shall make appear upon Oath before the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the

Time being, what Number of working Slaves he hath in Readiness to put on 50 Acres a!-; with an Intent to settle; and that such new Comer, or other Person shall, or may ^ttier6betake up for himself Fifty Acres, and Ten for every Servant or Slave he hath in rides 10 for Readiness to employ on such intended Settlement. v evc*y Servant

III. Provided the Whole exceed not Three hundred Acres, and that no Per- ,^e* son shall be intitled to have any Land by virtue of this Act, before he shall enter

into Bond to his Majesty, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, that he will begin his Settlement in Six Months Time, from and after the Date of his Patent, and continue there and carry on the said Settlement for Seven Years, and shall make no Alienation of the said Land in that Time, without a Licence first had and obtained from the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, who is hereby impowered and required to refuse such Licence until such Time as the Person to whom the said Land is intended to be sold or disposed of shall comply with the Terms required by this Act of the first Grantee or Patentee j and that no Person who shall for the future apply for any Patent by virtue of this Act, shall have Fifty Acres allowed him for hinnelf, unless he oblige himself to reside on his said intended Settlement.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Ten Acres of ,0 Acres re-the said Lands shall be reserved close adjacent to each Barrack, to be reduced into served close Lotts, each Lott to contain One hundred Feet in Length, and Sixty in Breadth 3each Barrac and that a Lott be granted to each Person, who shall undertake to become a Settler j and that each Settler shall be obliged to build a House on such Lott for the better Security of himself and the other Settlers; and that One hundred Acres shall be allowed to each Barrack in case the Soldiers garrisoned in such Barrack should be inclined to plant Provisions or raise Stock; and that the fame Avail be granted and distributed from Time to Time among the Soldiers and Men, in such Manner and Shares as the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being shall judge proper.

V. And whereas Surveys have not as yet been made of some of the said Parcels of Land, and Returns have not been made thereof, pursuant to the Direction,

and

224

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 117,118.

1738. and within the Time limited by the Barracking Laws j be it therefore enacted by

- the Authority aforesaid, That his Excellency the Governor, or the Commander

Governor to in Chief for the Time being be, and is hereby impowered to order Surveys to be tol^ made^'5 ma^e such Parcels of Land adjacent or contiguous to such Barracks, where

Surveys and Returns have not as yet been made, in such Form and Manner as is directed by the said Acts; and that the several Surveyor or Surveyors of this Island are hereby obliged and required to make such Surveys and Returns thereof, within six Months after the passing this Act, under the same Penalties as by the said Acts are directed and appointed; and that the said Lands be, and are hereby inverted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Uses and Purposes of the said Acts; and that the Grantees of all such Lands shall have and receive all Benefit and Advantage from this Act, in as full and ample a Manner as if the fame had been run out and granted within the Time limited therein.

An Act for ereEling, establishing, and regulating a Free-school in the Par if of Westmoreland in the said If and, and e 71 forcing the Lafl Will and Teflame?it of Thomas Manning, deceased.

Act 118. WHEREAS the said Thomas Manning, being in his Life-time seised and possessed of a considerable real and personal Ertate, in the Parish of Westmoreland aforesaid, by his laR Will and Testament in writing, bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of October, One thousand seven hundred and ten, did give and bequeath to Rowland Williams, Gentleman, Captain George Goodwin, Dr. Hugh Kcrpatrick, and Mr. William Dorrill, and their Heirs; thirteen Negroes, and one India?i, therein particularly named, with their Increase, and all his Run of Land in Burnt Savanna, in the said Parish of Westmoreland; excepting Forty Acres, Part thereof in the said Will otherwise disposed of; with all Cattle, being about the Number of One hundred Plead, with Two riding Horses, Two Mares and Two Colts, all which he declared should be appropriated to the Life and Encouragement of a Tutor or Tutors, for keeping of a Free-school in the said Parish of We ft mor eland, to instruct and educate Youth; and declared it his Will, that if his Trustees believed the Yearly Profits of his said Slaves Labour, and the Produce of his Land and Pen of Cattle were more than sufficient for a reasonable Maintenance of such Person or Persons as should teach or instruct the Children, then the Testator declared it his Will, his said Trustees should allow for the Encouragement of a Free-school, what Part of the fame they should think sufficient, and the Residue to be distributed amongst such poor People of the said Parish of Westmoreland, as his Trustees should think most wanted Relief, declaring it his Will, his Wife should have the Profits thereof during her natural Life, under the Restrictions therein mentioned, as by the said Will duly proved and inrolled in the Office of Inrollments of this Island, Recourse being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the said Testator, within a Year after the making his said Will, departed this Life, without altering or revoking the fame, his Wife surviving him, and some Time afterwards died: And whereas the said Trustees entered on, possessed the said premisses, and leased out the fame and applied so much of the Rents thereof, as they thought necessary, to a Tutor for instructing poor Children, according to the Direction of the said Will; but the annual Rents of the premisses being more than would pay such Tutor, for teaching such poor Children as would come to receive such Benefit, and not sufficient to pay such Tutor, and for the Maintenance of those who could not come to receive such Benefit, the Trustees placed out the Overplus to Interest, with Intention when the fame became sufficient to apply it in building a School, as well for the boarding and maintaining as the schooling such poor Children, which they thought would best answer the Testator's Intentions, by rendering his Charity of Ule, as well to those in distant Parts of the Parish, as to those near the Center : And whereas the principal Money so placed out as aforesaid, with the Interest thereof, now amounts to upwards of Eight hundred Pounds; and several well-disposed Persons, foF the Advancement of lo good and charitable an Undertaking

Act i i 8. 'the LAWS of JAMAICA.

225

taking, have subscribed large Sums of Money, and others may be excited their good Example, whereby such School may become a beneficial Seminary for the Youth of the said Parish, were it put under proper Regulations. We therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Bland of Jamaica, humbly beleeech your Majesty that it may be enacted; Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Custos Rotulorum of the said Parish of Westmoreland for the Time being, the two senior Magistrates of the said Parish for the Time being, the Rector of the Parish of Westmoreland for the Time being, and Five of the Freeholders of the said Parish, such as the Freeholders shall annually elect, together with the said George Goodwin and Hugh Kirkpatrick, and William Dorrill, (the Son and Heir of the said William Dorrill, deceased ;) the surviving Trustees of the said Thomas Manning be, and are hereby appointed Trustees for the Direction and Management of the ap*

said Free-School, and of the said Gift, Devise, and Bequest, by the said Thomas Manning, so made and given as aforesaid, and of all Subscriptions, Donations,

Devises, and Bequests, that shall hereafter be given to, or for the Use of the said Free-School; Five of which Trustees shall be a Quorum to do Business.

IF Provided always, That the Custos and two of the senior Magistrates forProvifd. the Time being, and one of them, the said George Goodwin, Hugh Kirkpatrick, and William Dorrill, the Son, or any Two of them, shall be of that Number.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, and they who shall succeed them, shall be Trustees of the said Free-School, and of all Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which are, and shall, or may be given by any Person or Persons, or purchased by the said Truf- Andincorpd-tees, or their Successors, for the Use or Benefit of the said Free-Schcol, Teach-T'x:cd‘ ers, or Scholars, at any Time or Times hereafter j and that the said Trustees and Free-School shall forever stand, and be incorporated in Name, and indeed aBody politick, incorporate by the Name of the Trustees of Manning's Free-School, and by that Name they, and their Successors, shall, and may for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy the said Free-School, and the said Gifts, Devises, and Bequests by the said Thomas Manning so given, or devised as aforesaid, and all Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, and all Gifts, Donations, Benefactions, and Devises, which at any Time or Times hereafter shall be given to, or purchased for the Use and Benefit of the said Free-School.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Truf- Trustees may tees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, by the fame, shall and may at^°e"eft0ns have Power and Ability to place out at Interest, on good and sufficient Security,

the said Donation, and any other Donations, Benefactions, and Subscriptions in Money j and to demise, set, and lease the fame, or other such Possessions and Hereditaments as shall or maybe given or purchased as aforesaid; and to take, acquire, and purchase, to sue and be sued, and to perform and execute all and every lawful Atft and Thing, good, ne'cefiary, and profitable for the said Corporation, in as full and ample Manner and Form, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as any other Corporation or Body Politick and Corporate, fully and perfectly incorporated, may, or ought to do j and that they the said Trustees, and their Successors, may have, and use a common Seal for the making, granting, and demifing of their Demises or Leases, and for the doing of all and every other Things, concerning the said Corporation, in which Seal shall be engraven Charity, with a fucking Child at her Breast, and another in her Arms; and that the said Seal shall be deposited and kept in the Hands of the Custos Rotulorum of the said Parish of Westmoreland for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said George Required to Goodwin and Hugh Kirkpatrick, the surviving Trustees of the said Thomas Man^J^Ja Ac~ ning> and the Executors of such of the said Trustees as are now dead, shall be,

and are hereby required, within Six Months after the passing of this Act, to render an Account of the Profits and Produce of the said Thomas Manning's Estate, so given to the said Trustees for the Uses aforesaid, together with the Interest arisen and to arise on the fame, to the other Trustees of the said Free School,

L 11 or

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act i i 8.

226

1738.

C — v"

-J

To build a

School-

Housei

[Proviso.]

or the major Part of them, and to pay over the Ballance that shall appear to be due, oraflignover such Securities as they have taken for the fame, or any Part thereof; and upon their dating and adjuring the said Accounts, and paving the Ballance, or assigning the Securities in their Hands in the Manner aforesaid, the said Trustees, or the major Part ol them, shall be, and are hereby impowered to execute a Re lea fe and Acquittance to the Trustees, now living, of the said Thomas Manning, and to the Executors of such of them as are dead; which Release or Acquittance shall be a full Discharge and Indemnification to them and every of them.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and their Successors, to ered and build in such Part of the Paridi, as they, or the major Part of them, shall think most convenient, a proper House with Out-houses, and to endow the fame in Proportion to their Revenues •, and, till the said House can be conveniently built, to hire one, such as they shall think fit for the Purpose, for the abiding, dwelling, and necessary Use of one or more Maders and Ushers, for indructing Youth without Charge, in Reading, Writing, Arithmetick, Latin, Greek, the Mathematicks, and any other Parts of Learning, the said Trustees diall think proper; and for the abiding, dwelling, and necessary Use of such poor Children of the Parish of Westmoreland, for the Time being as aforesaid; and maintaining such poor Children, and finding and providing them with all Necessaries for such Time and Times, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Trustees, or their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time direct; and that they the said Trustees, and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall have full Power and Authority to name and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think properly qualified to be Maders and Ushers of the said School.

VII. Provided they be of the Religion of the Church of England, and are well affected to the Protedant Succession; and, upon any Misbehaviour or Disability, to remove the said Maders or Ushers, or any of them; and when the Places of them, or any of them, by Deprivation, Ilefignation, or Death, shall become vacant, the said Trustees and their Successors shall and may, within Thirty Days after such Vacancy, by Writing under their common Seal, appoint one, or more, qualified as aforesaid, in the Places of them, and every of them so deprived, resigning, deceasing, or their Places becoming vacant.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall, and may receive into the said Free-school, as many Children of the said Parish as they shall think proper, in Proportion to the Revenues of the said School, and, upon any Misbehaviour or Inability, or upon attaining the Age of Fourteen, to remove, or discharge them or any of them, and to take and receive others into the said Free-school, in their Place and Stead; and that the said Trustees, or their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, expend such Sum or Sums of Money, in Proportion to the Revenues of the said School, in and about the repairing, maintaining, upholding, or enlarging the said School, and Buildings thereunto belonging, as they shall think convenient, requisite, and necessary.

IX. And be it further emitted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may have full Power and Authority under the said common Seal, to make, ordain, and prescribe such Rules and Ordinances for the good Order and Government of the said Free-School, and of the said Maders, Ushers, and Children, and for settling their arid every of their Stipends and Allowances, as to them shall seem meet.

To make Or. convenient, and necessary; and that the said Rules and Ordinances by them, or dinancef, (s'c. the major Part of them, so made, ordained, and prescribed, shall dand and be in full Force and Strength in Law; the fame not being repugnant or contradictory to his Majesty's Prerogative, nor the Laws or Statutes of England and this Idand j and that the said Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may have full Power and Authority to visit the said School, and to order, reform, and redress all Disorders and Abuses in, and touching the Government and Management of the fame, in such Manner, and at such Times, as to them shall seem fit.

Trustees to receive Children, &c.

227

Act11 8,i 19. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful 1738. for any of the Trustees, or their Successors, to keep in his or their Hands above — v — J Thirty Days, or to apply to his, or their own Use or Benefit, or to take or borrow on Interefi any. Sum or Sums of Money given to, or for the Use of the said Free-school, or that shall arise or become due for Interest or Rent; nor shall they, Nottth°1^' or any of them, buy, fell," rent, or lease to one another, or to any of the said ,riat;on Mo-" Trustees, any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be settled; «ey-purchased or given to, or for the Uses aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person and Persons offending,or in any Thing ailing contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence the turn of Fifty Pounds; one third to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; one Third for the Use of the said Free-School, and the other third to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Proteilion, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; any Law,

Custom, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for the reducitig the Interej! of Money on all future Con-traEls, and for the advancing the Credit of Bilk of Exchange.

H E RE A S, by an Act of Parliament passed in Great Britain in the Fifth Act 119. Year of his Majesty's Reign, entituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of Debts in his Majesty's Plantations and Cohnies in America, Creditors in the Colonies are secured in their Debts in a more ample Manner than when Interest was established in this Island at Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum; Wherefore, and for that the several Commodities, the Product of this Island for many Years past, have been reduced from their former Value, and the Lands are also impoverished of their former Fertility, and the several Commodities imported for the Use of the Planter greatly advanced in their several Rates; and that no Trade or Manufacture of this Island can bear so great an Interest as hath been usually paid for the Loan of Money; and as it has been the Practice of all wife Nations to set Bounds to desperate or over adventurous Persons, as well as to the Young and Extravagant, by reducing the Interest, or Premium, for the Loan of Money, to such Rate as what naturally can be produced by Industry or Traffic, all beyond that being Extortion; may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That on all Mortgages, Bonds, and other Specialties to be entered into, and executed from and after the Twenty eighth Day of May, in this present Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, no Person or Persons whatsoever take, directly or indirectly, for Loan of any Monies, Wares, Merchandises, or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of eight Pounds for the Forbearance of one hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate ^nter^org' for a greater or lefier Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time; and that all Mort- ffeent. gages, Bonds, and other Specialties, made after the said Twenty eighth Day of May, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, for Payment of any Principal, or Money to be lent, or covenanted to be performed, upon or for any Usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of Eight Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, which shall, after the said Twenty eighth Day of May, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty nine, upon any such Mortgage, Bond, or other Specialty, take, accept, and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain,

Loan, Exchange, Chevisance, Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandize, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Ways or Means, or

by

228

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 111,120.

1738. by any Covin, Engin'c, or deceitful Conveyance for the forbearing or giving Day of v» — --v — 1 Payment for one whole Year, of, and for their Money, or other Things, above the Sum of Eight Pounds for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the treble Value of the Money, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Things so lent, bargained, exchanged or shifted; which Penalty shall be recovered in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Imparlance, Protection, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non xnlt ulterins projeaui be entered; one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them who shall inform or prosecute for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it has been found a great Prejudice to the Trade and Credit of this Island, that Bills of Exchange given in Payment to Persons residing in this Island, or sent to Merchants and others in Great Britain, and elsewhere, have come back protested; and that there is Reason to believe the fame has been occasioned by Persons not being under any Penalties for drawing such Bills, where no EffeCls have been in the Hands of their Correspondents, nor Re-exchange allowed upon the Protests of such Bills; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon all Bills of Exchange protested and returned into this Island, Bills of Ex- either for Non-acceptance or Non-payment, a Re-exchange of eight Pounds per change. Centum, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, shall be allowed and recovered, over and above the common and usual Exchange on such Bills and Interest.

An Act for confirming the Articles executed by Colonel John Guthrie, Ltieuienant Francis Sadler, and Cudjoe the Commander of the Rebels; for paying Rewards for taking up and refioring runaway Slaves, and making Provision for four white Persons, refedingy or to reside at Trelawney Town; and for granting Freedom to Five Negroes who were Guides to Parties,

Act 120. TXT PEREAS upon the late Submission of Cudjoe, and all the Rebels then under his Command to his Majesty's Government, and his engaging for Accomtong, and the Party of Rebels under his Command, to accept of such Terms as the said Cudjoe sued for Articles of Agreement, were entered into and executed by Colonel John Guthrie, who commanded a Party of Militia, and Lieutenant Francis Sadler, who had the Command of a Detachment of Soldiers in the late Expedition against the Rebels, and the said Cudjoe; the Tenor of which Articles is as follows, viz.

Articles of Jamaica Jf, at the Camp near Trelawney Town, March if, 1738-9.

Pacification.

In the Name of God, Amen. Whereas Captain Cudjoe, Captain Accompong, Captain Johnny, Captain Cujf'ee, Captain §>uaw, and several other Negroes their Dependants and Adherents, have been in a State of War and Hostility for several Years pad: against our Sovereign Lord the King, and the Inhabitants of this Island: And whereas Peace and Friendship amongst Mankind, and the preventing the EfFufion of Blood, is agreeable to God, consonant to Reason, anddefired by every good Man; and whereas his Majesty George the Second, King of Great Britain, France and Ireland, and of Jamaica Lord, Defender of the Faith, &c. has by Letters Patent, dated February the Twenty-fourth, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, in the Twelfth Year of his Reign, granted full Power and Authority to John Guthrie and Francis Sadler, Esquires, to negotiate and finally conclude a Treaty of Peace and Friendship with the aforesaid Captain Cudjoe, the rest of his Captains, Adherents, and others his Men, they mutually, sincerely, and

amicably

Act i 20.

229

e

y

3,

:T

id

B-

ie,

'k

iaj \ tt

then

5 for

eras

rated

tenant

ie late

did*

I

ei their I several Island; I

tin? fhc I

Dfirery I grim I has by I hundred p and Au- ]

idlyc®' I f) thetfft I

-arJ amicably I

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

amicably have agreed to the following Articles, \Jl, That all Hostilities shall cease 1739. on both Sides for ever. 2.dly, That the said Captain Cudjce, the rest of his Captains, Adherents and Men, shall be for ever hereafter in a perfect State of Freedom and Liberty, excepting those who have been taken by them, or fled to them within two Years last past, if such are willing to return to their said Masters and Owners, with full Pardon and Indemnity from their said Masters or Owners for what is past. Provided always, That if they are not willing to return, they shall, remain in Subjection to Captain Cudjoe, and in Friendship with us, according to the Form and Tenor of this Treaty. 3dly, That they shall enjoy and possess for themselves and Posterity for ever, all the Lands situate and lying between Tre-lawney Town and the Cockpits, to the Amount of Fifteen hundred Acres, bearing North-west from the said 'Trelaiuney Town. 4thly, That they shall have Liberty to plant the said Lands with Coffee, Cocoa, Ginger, Tobacco and Cotton, and to breed Cattle, Hogs, Goats, or any other Stock, and dispose of the Produce or Increase of the said Commodities to the Inhabitants of this Island. Provided always, That when they bring the said Commodities to Market, they shall apply first to the Custos, or any other Magistrate of the respective Parishes where they expose their Goods to Sale, for a Licence to vend the fame. 5thly, That Captain Cudjoe, and all the Captain's Adherents, and People now in Subjection to him, shall all live together within the Bounds of T'relawney Town; and that they have Liberty to hunt where they shall think fit, except within three Miles of any Settlement, Crawl or Pen. Provided always, That in case the Hunters of Captain Cudjoe, and those of other Settlements meet, then the Hogs to be equally divided between both Parties. 6tbly, That the said Captain Cudjoe, and his Successors, do use their best Endeavours to take, kill, suppress or destroy, either by themselves or jointly, with any other Number of Men commanded on that Service by his Excellency the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, all Rebels wheresoever they be throughout this Island, unless they submit to the fame Terms of Accommodation granted to Captain Cudjoe, and his Successors. ythly,

That in case this Island be invaded by any foreign Enemy, the said Captain Cud-joe, and his Successors herein after named, or to be appointed, shall then, upon Notice given, immediately repair to any Place the Governor for the Time being shall appoint, in order to repel the said Invaders with his or their utmost Force j and to submit to the Orders of the Commander in Chief on that Occasion.

Sthiy, That if any white Man shall do any Manner of Injury to Captain Cudjoe, his Successors, or any of his or their People, they shall apply to any commanding Officer or Magistrate in the Neighbourhood for Justice j and in case Captain Cudjoe, or any of his People, shall do any Injury to any white Person, he shall submit himself, or deliver up such Offenders to Justice. 9thly, That if any Negroes shall hereafter run away from their Masters or Owners, and fall into Captain Cud-joe's Hands, they shall immediately be sent back to the Chief Magistrate of the next Parish where they are taken j and those that bring them are to be satisfied for their Trouble, as the Legislature shall appoint. 10thly, That all Negroes taken,

since the railing of this Party by Captain Cudjoe's People, shall immediately be returned. nthly, That Captain Cudjoe, and his Successors, shall wait on his Excellency, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, every Year, if thereunto required. 12th, That Captain Cudjoe, during his Life, and the Captains succeeding him, shall have full Power to inflict any Punishment they think proper for Crimes committed by their Men among themselves (Death, only excepted) in which Cafe, if the Captain thinks they deserve Death, he shall be obliged to bring them before any Justice of the Peace, who shall order Proceedings on their Trial equal to those of other free Negroes. 13th, That Captain Cudjoe with his People shall cut, clear, and keep open, large, and convenient Roads from cTrela<wney Town to Westmoreland and St. James's, and if possible to St. Elizabeth's. \\th, That Two white Men to be nominated by his Excellency, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall constantly live and reside with Captain Cudjoe and his Successors, in order to maintain a friendly Correspondence with the Inhabitants of this Island. 1 $tb. That Captain Cudjoe shall, during his Life, be Chief Commander m Trelawney Town, after his Decease the Command to devolve on his

M m m Brother

1

230

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 120.

Brother Captain Accompong\ and in case of his Decease, on his next Brother Captain Johnny; and, failing him, Captain Cuffee shall succeed, who is to be succeeded by Captain djuaco, and after all their Demises, the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall appoint from Time to Time whom he thinks fit for that Command.

In I'cjlimony of the above Presents, we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals the Day and Date above written.

John Guthrie. (L.S.) Francis Sadler. (L.S.) The Mark of Captain Cud joe. (L.S.)

And whereas notwithstanding his Excellency the Governor hath approved of the said Articles, and that they are generally esteemed such, as great Advantages may be derived from them; yet it may be too much in the Power of some ill disposed or inconsiderate Persons, who have a Right of Property in the said Negroes, or some of them, to defeat or render ineffectual the said Articles of Agreement, by disturbing or seizing upon the said Negroes, who in Confidence, or under the Security of the said Articles, may come in their Way. To prevent therefore the Discontents and other ill Consequences that may attend such a Perverseness or In-discretion, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, do humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted j be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island; and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the said Articles of Agreement, and every Clause and Article The Articles therein contained be, and they are hereby ratified and confirmed upon the Condi-ratified. tions and Terms in the said Articles expressed; and that no Person whatsoever give any Interruption, or presume to seize upon, or detain the said Negroes, or any of them, upon a Pretence or Claim of Property, or disturb the said Negroes in the Possessions and Privileges granted, or intended to be granted to them by the said Articles of Agreement, until a manifest Breach shall appear to be made on the Part of Cudjoe, or his Successfors, of the said Articles, or some or one of them, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for every such Interruption, Seizure, Detention or Disturbance, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; and one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

II. And whereas Cudjoe has engaged to fend all Slaves, who shall hereafter run away and fall into his Hands, to the Chief Magistrate of the next Parish where Runaway they shall be taken; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all runaway Slaves, how Slaves to be taken by Cudjoe, or any of the Negroes at Trelawney Town, under his to be 1 po ed (jommanci} shall be by him or them delivered to the next Magistrate, who is hereby directed and obliged to pay the said Cudjoe, or the said Negroes bringing such Runaways to him, the Sum of Ten Shillings, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, for every Neglect or Refusal of such Magistrate to pay the same; and every such Magistrate to whom any Negroe or Negroes shall be delivered by the said Cudjoe, or any of the Negroes under his Command, as aforesaid, shall be, and he is hereby obliged, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, within Ten Days after such Negroe or Negroes shall be so delivered to him, to fend such Negroe or Negroes to the respective Owner or Owners, if the said Magistrate shall know the Owner or Owners, and shall receive from the Owner, for each Slave so sent, the said Sum of Ten Shillings, paid by him to Cudjoe, or any of the Negroes under his Command as aforesaid, with a Poundage at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six-Pence per Pound for laying out his Money, besides Mile-money, such as is ordered or directed to be paid by the Owners of Runaways, by an Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and in case the Owner shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Sums herein before directed to such Magistrate,

1

0

ti

1

t

i

ji

SI

fc

Gi

F1

ib

L

Ti

J

aP

h

Hal

k

be;

Jjl

I W

J Tlii

b-

r

' pi"

I lira

\ I h

Act i 20.

The LAWS of JAMAJC A.

231

n

ii

4

)r

1

Re

be

n-

of

T.

od

i!)f

:!e

ii-

ive

of

k

ii

irt

er

le-i

of

in,

fe

Jiis

:m

:un

iere

nj

i

re-

ich

i,

jch

ie-

sto

or

1m

in-

is ii

H

net

te,

strate, or his Order, and Oath be made thereof before any other Justice of the 1739. Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required, under the Penalty of VYV Five Pounds, to issue his Warrant, and direct the same to any Constable to distrain on the Goods of the said Owner, and the fame, or so much thereof as will satisfy and pay the said Sums herein before directed to be paid to the said Magistrate j and in case the Magistrate, to whom any runaway Slave shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall not know, nor be informed, who the Owner of such runaway Slave shall be, such Magistrate shall fend the said runaway Slave to the next Marshal, who is hereby required to pay to the said Magistrate the Sums herein before directed to be paid by the Owner, in case such runaway Slave shall be brought to him, and to be recovered in the same Manner of the said Marshal, in case of Ne-gledt or Refusal; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Marshal to detain and keep in his Custody the Body of such runaway Slave, until the Owner shall reimburse him what he shall have paid as aforesaid, for such runaway Slave, together with such Poundage and other Charges as are allowed to Marshals paying for runaway Slaves, by the said Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves.

III. And whereas it is thought necessary, that Four white Persons should reside Four white among the said Negroes, who have lately surrendered and submitted themselvesto

the Government, in order that such white Persons may receive and communicate groe Towns, such Orders as shall be sent by his Excellency the Governor to the said Negroes j be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said Four Persons who are or shall be appointed by his Excellency the Governor, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, for the above mentioned Service, shall be paid at and after the Rate of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, for and during such Time as he hath resided, or shall reside, and be upon actual Duty among the said Negroes.

IV. And whereas a Negroe Man named Cujfee, belonging to the Heirs or Re- Samio, presentatives of John Laurence Esq; deceased, and Sambo belonging to John Roach mad^fteef of the Parish of St. Elizabethy and ^uafjey belonging to the Heirs or Representa-

tives of William Williams Esq; deceased, being lately taken by the Rebels, deserted them, and engaged in the Service of the Country, by going out as Guides with the said Party, and led them to the Negroe Town; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as an Encouragement for their Service, the said Negroes named Cujfeey Sambo and Q'uaf:ey, be, and they are hereby absolutely manumised, and for ever set and made free, and they are hereby accordingly manumised, and for ever set and made free.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General do out of any publick Money in, or that shall come to his Hands unappropriated, forthwith pay to the respective Owners of the said several Negroes, the Sum of Forty Pounds for each of them.

VI. And whereas a Negroe Woman, named Venus, lately belonging to----- Venus vcAAf.

Lamport of the Parish of Clarendon deceased, having deserted from Accompong's^madefree-Town, acquainted Colonel Blake, that moll: of the Rebels were gone out a hunting or robbing, and that it was a proper Opportunity to take the Town, and lead

a Party into the fame : And whereas a Negroe Woman named Ajfiba, about six Years since, belonging to Mr. Garbrand's Estate, of her own Accord deserted the'

Rebels, and guided Colonel Dwarris to the Negroe Town, which he took; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said two Negroe Women be also manumised, and for ever absolutely set free, and they are hereby accordingly manumised, and for ever set free; and that the Receiver-General do forthwith pay to the Proprietors of the said respective Negroe Women the several Sums of Thirty Pounds for each of them, out of any Money in, or that shall come to his Hands unappropriated.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, make out Copies thereof, and cause the same to be transmitted to the Cu/los, or Chief Magistrate of each of the respective Parishes in this Island, for each of which Copies he shall be paid the Sum of Twenty Shillings by the Receiver-General, out of any Fund or Funds in his Hands unappropriated.

232

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Acti2I,

Boundaries

described.

To be seen in the Secretary's Office.

Parts united.

1739‘ An Act for the wilting of those Parts of Carpenters Mountains, here-l/ryv to fore esteemed Part of the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Cla-

rendon, to the Parip of Vere.

Act i2rTT WHEREAS those Parts of Carpenters Mountains, lying in the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, being far distant from the usual Places of the Meetings of the Justices and Vestry of the said respective Parishes, and the Plantations in the said Mountains being much infefted with rebellious Negroes, the Inhabitants of the said Mountains cannot without long Time of Warning, extraordinary Fatigue, Loss of Time, and great Expence and Difficulties, convene and appear on publick Occasions, either at Church, Election of Members to serve as Representatives in Assemblies, choosing Church-wardens or Vestrymen, assessing Taxes, appointing Surveyors, and attending the Quarterly Sessions and Trials of Negroes, whereby many Privileges to the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said Mountains, as Subjects of Great Britain, are in a great Measure loft; And whereas the uniting those Parts of the said Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, called Carpenters Mountains, bounding from the Mouth of Milk River, Ten Miles up the fame River-course to the Bounds of Sutton and Sperry, and thence with a Northwest Line cross the Mountains to Manatee Savannah, and along the Top of the said Mountains to Aligator Pond, and along the Sea-fide to the Mouth of Milk River aforesaid, according to the Plan annexed, would be the most effectual Remedy for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of the said Mountains from such their Difficulties, without much Inconvenience to the Inhabitants, either of the Parishes of St. Elizabeth's or Clarendon; may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That those Parts of Carpenters Mountains, heretofore esteemed Part of the said Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, bounding as herein before described, according to the said Plan annexed, shall for ever hereafter be united and annexed to, and be taken and esteemed, to all Intents and Purposes, as Part of the said Parish of Vereand that the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said Carpenters Mountains herein before described, and their Heirs, Representatives and Successors, shall for ever hereafter have, use, exercise, and enjoy all and every the Powers, Authorities, Benefits, Rights, Immunities, and Privileges, which all or any of the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Vere, or their Heirs, Representatives, or Successors, ought to have, use, exercise, or enjoy of common Right, or by virtue of any general Act or Acts of this Island, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if those Parts of the said Mountains, now, or heretofore in the said Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon had been originally in, or Part of the said Parish of Vere, and had never been deemed or taken to have been in, or esteemed as Part of the said Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, or either of them, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said Mountains, before the passing of this Act esteemed to have been in the said Parishes of St, Elizabeth and Clarendon, or one of them, may have been indebted, or in arrear in, or by . Reason of some publick or parochial Taxes, Debts, or Sums of Money; and whereas before the passing of this Act, Money might have been assessed, taxed, collected, or paid, to the Church-wardens, or Constables of the said respective Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon-, be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Church-wardens, already chose for the Parishes of St .Elizabeth and Cla-Regulation rendon, shall respectively have, and receive such Proportion of the Money already of Taxes. assessed, taxed, levied, or paid, as were taxed, levied, collected, or paid in, or by the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said Carpenters Mountains, before the passing of this Act, esteemed to have been in, or Parts of the said respective Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, or as if this Act had never been made; and that the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said Mountains, heretofore in the said Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, shall raise Money according to their Assessments, and in such Proportions, for the Payment and Discharge of such Publick Debts as were due from.

or

4

T

it

Acti22,123. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

23 3

or ought to have been paid by the Inhabitants of those Parts of the said Moun- 1739. tains before the passing of this Act deemed to have been in the Parishes of St.

Elizabeth and Clarendon, or either of them, and pay the same to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner and Form, as if this Act had never been made; and that the Justices and Vestry of the said Parities of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon shall have the fame Powers and Authorities, and shall and may assess, collect:, and levy all such Arrearages as are, or may be due, from the Inhabitants of those Parts of Carpenters Mountains, before the passing of this Act esteemed to have been in the said Parish of St. Elizabeth and Clarendon, in as large and ample a Manner, as they had, or could, or might have done, before the passing of this Act; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act for the better securing and collecting his Majesty s Fines, Forfeitures and Amerciaments.

WHEREAS by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of Act 122.

this Island, entituled, An Act for securing and collecting his Majesty s Quit-rents, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, and for regulating the Manner of Escheats, and for securing the Possess'ors of Lands already forfeited and settled, and further DiJ'covery of such forfeited Lands, and encouraging the settling thereof passed the Seventeenth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, it is enacted that for the future, all Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General, or his Deputy; and that no other Person or Persons presume to receive or discharge the fame, or any Part of them, or any other Publick Money, not otherwise particularly directed by any Act as to the Payment thereof, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and whereas the said Clause is found to be attended-with many Inconveniencies, may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island; and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, that the aforesaid Clause and every Part thereof be, ciau/eXXI. and is hereby repealed, annulled, and made void, and that all Fines, Forfei-«/^99 tures, and Amerciaments already laid and not paid into the Receiver General, as rrPealed-well as all such as shall hereafter arise in any Courts of Judicature within this Island, where his Majesty's Grace and Favour is not extended, shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in such Manner, as is directed by an Act, entituled.

An Act for the more speedy collecting his Majesty s Quit-rents, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, passed in Sixteen hundred and ninety ftx; the said recited Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for vejiing a Number of Negroes in the Crown, for the Use of the Barraclsy and cutting and clearing of Roads, and for exempting the Parish of Vere from joining with the Parish of Cla-Tendon, in building and repairing the Cave River Barrack.

WHEREAS the building and garrisoning of Barracks in several exposed Act 123.

Parts of this Island, and cutting and clearing Roads of Communication, will be the most effectual Method of protecting the Inhabitants, and keeping in Awe and reducing the Slaves in Rebellion, as well as preventing the Slaves in Plantations from joining with them : And whereas the Laws hitherto made for those Purposes; to wit, An Act for the better settling and securing the Island, and •vejiing federal Parcels of Land in the Crown, and for building of Barracks andfitting out of Parties for the reducing the rebellious Negroes, and cutting of Roads;

An Act for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of this island, in building of Barracks, and remedying and supplying some Dejefts and Omissions in the late Barracking Law; and An Act for the building and compleating of Barracks or Fortresses,

N n n and

1

34-

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 123.

1739-

25 able Negroes allotted ro each of the 12 Barracks.

To be paid for by a Tax.

How to be employed.

and cutting of Roads and appointing Commissioners for the better effecting the fame, have not proved effectual, several Owners of Slaves having been unwilling to fend their Negroes to the Barracks, pursuant to the Allotments made; or entertaining and employing such Negroes as often as they have deserted, and never furnishing others in Lieu of them 3 which Practices cannot well be prevented while the Properties of Negroes intended for this' Service remain in private Persons : In order therefore the better to carry on and complete a Work so well calculated for the Tranquility and Safety of this Island in general, and that the Burthen and Expence may not only be lightened by reducing the Number of Negroes formerly intended and raised for the said Service, but also lye equally on the Inhabitants, whereas those Persons who were not well disposed have hitherto bore no Part of it: May it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted 5 be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty s Island of Jatnaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Justices and Vestries of the several Parishes, or the Justices in such Parishes where no Vestries are, directed to raise and allot Negroes for the building of Barracks and cutting of Roads, shall, on or before the first Day of fitly, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, allot, out of the Negroes raised and allotted by all or any of the said recited Barracking Laws, Twenty-five able Negro Men for each of the Twelve Barracks built or directed to be built in pursuance of the Barracking Laws, and shall deliver the said Negroes to the Commissioners of the said Barracks respectively, or one of them, which Negroes, after such Allotment and Delivery, shall be by the respective Commissioners marked Js and from thenceforth be veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and during the Term of Three Years, and no longer, to and for the Use of the said Barracks 3 and where two or more Parishes are directed to raise Negroes for any Barrack by the said recited Acts, or either of them, the said Parishes shall supply their Quotas to make up the Number of Twenty-five Negroes, in Proportion to the Number of Negroes in each Parish respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Negroes so allotted, shall be valued by the Justices and Vestry of the several Parishes respectively, or by the Justices in such Parishes where no Vestries are j and that the Justices in each Parish shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered and required to administer an Oath to every Owner or Overseer who shall have the Care of such Negro so allotted, that to the bell of his Knowledge, the said Negro is a good and able Slave, and not used to run away j and the Owner or Proprietor of all such Negroes shall be paid such their Values respectively, by Taxes to be raised by the said Justices and Vestries of the several Parishes, or by the Justices in such Parishes where no Vestries are, where such Allotments shall be made, which said Taxes the said Justices and Vestries, or the Justices in such Parishes where no Vestries are, are hereby required and obliged to raise, collect, and pay, on or before the first Day of July, which will be in the Year of our. Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty; and the same shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in such Manner and Form vas the Deficiency^and parochial Taxes are or usually have been.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Negroes

so allotted and appropriated, shall be employed in building and finishing Barracks, where they are not already compleated, and repairing such as are or have been finished, as Baggage Negroes, when the Governor or Commander in Chief, ol* the Commissioners for the said respective Parishes, or any two of them, shall so order, in bringing Provisions to the Barracks, and in cutting and clearing Roads 3 not only such as are ordered by the last Barracking Law, but likewise all such other Roads as shall be thought necessary by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being 3 and that the said Negroes shall be entirely under the Care of the Commissioners for the said respective Barracks, or any Two of them, and such Overseers as they shall put over them 3 and that no other Person shall interfere, except in Cases where his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor or Commander in Chief, shall expressly order them upon any of the Services aforesaid. IV.

Act 123.

235

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

IV. And whereas it will be necessary to keep up the said Number of Twenty- 1739. five Negroes for each Barrack, for the Term of Three Years as aforesaid; be it — v — ' enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case of the Death of any of the said Receiver Ge* Negroes, at or belonging to the said Barracks, the said Commissioners for such Negroes Barracks respectively, or any Two of them, shall, as soon as conveniently mayinfteadot' be, certify the same to the Receiver-General for the Time being, who is herebythofe that dlc-required to purchase forthwith, with any Fund or Funds in his Hands raised for the Use of Parties, one or more Negro or Negroes, to be placed in the Room of such of the said Negroes as shall die, which Negro or Negroes shall be marked and veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to and for the Uses aforesaid, and under the Regulations herein before directed, for the Term of Three Years, as aforesaid.

V. And whereas a general Tax hath been usually laid on Negroes in the Town of Kingston, and that Town hath generally hired their Proportion of Negroes of poor Persons, who often have had little else than those Negroes to depend upon; and as it may be a hardship to such poor People to have their Negroes allotted and vested in the Crown, on being paid only such Values for them as are generally

paid for working Slaves j be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Negroes to be the Justices and Vellry of the said Parish of Kingston be, and they are hereby impowered to raise a Tax on the Owners of all the Negroes in the said Parish, fuclv " *va as they shall judge sufficient to purchase the Proportion of Negroes they are or shall be obliged to furnish for the Service aforesaid; which Negroes, by the said Parish of Kingston so to be purchased, shall be good, able, seasoned, and not new Negroes, but such as shall be proper and fit for the Service, and which shall be allotted and purchased on or before the said first Day of July, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine; which Tax, after the Assessment made by the Justices and Vellry, shall be collected by the Constables of the said Parish of Kingston, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two of the Justices of the Peace of the said Parish, with Power to distrain on the Goods or Effects of such Person or Persons as shall refule the Payment of such Assessment, and to sell the same at publick Outcry, in the usual Manner; and which Negroes, when so purchased by the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Kingston, shall be also marked , and delivered to the said Commissioners, or some or one of them, and be also veiled in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to and for the Uses afore mentioned, for the Term of Three Years, as aforesaid.

VI. And whereas the Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston have greatly neg- Deficiencies lected furnishing their Quotas of Negroes for cutting of Roads and building ofuv. to be Barracks, as directed by the late Barracking Laws, or one of them j be it enact-

ed by-the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vellry of the said Town of tn^an' Kingston shall, on or before the first Day of July next, raise, levy, collect:, and pay, or cause to be raised, levied, collected, and paid to the Commissioners of such Barrack or Barracks respectively, all such Arrearages and Deficiencies as are or shall be due from the said Town of Kingston, within Three Months from the passing of this Act, at and after the Rate of Fifteen-Pence per Diem for every Negroe which they have been or shall be so deficient in.

VII. And whereas by an Act, entituled, An Act for building and compleating of Barracks or FortreJJ'es, and cutting of Roads, and appointing Commissioners for the better effecting the fame, it is enacted, That Thomas Redon, Samuel Smith, John Nairn, and Moses Kellitt, Esqrs. and Mr. fames Rodon, should be Commissioners for the Barrack between the Parish of Clarendon and Drax s Hall, in the Parish of St. Anne, called Cave River, and that the fame should be kept in Repair and sup-ported by the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Clarendon and Vere, in the same Manner and Proportion as directed by an Act, entituled, An Act for dividing this Island into two Divisions, to be for ever hereafter known and described by the Names of the Eastern and Western Divisions, for erecting and building Barracks in the said Western Division, cutting and clearing of Roads therein, and f or raising and fitting out Parties for the more speedy and effectual suppressing the rebellious and runaway Negroes: And whereas the Parish of Vere receives little or no Benefit from the said Barrack j be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

the

236

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 1 2g.

this Service.

1739. the said Barrack, between the Parish of Clarendon and Dr ax s Hall, in the Parish — v J of St. Annes, called Cave River, (Ilall from henceforth be kept in repair and sup-Bfirrack to be ported by the Inhabitants of the Parish of Clarendon only, without any Aid from supported by Parish of Vere : the above mentioned, or any other Act or Law to the con-

the ranlh of . , n 1 ]

Clarendon. trary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Penalty on after the first Day of July, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hun-y^Ne"8, ^ret^ an^ thirty-nine, all those who shall have been Owner and Owners of any allotted so°reS Slaves or other Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall presume to conceal, entertain, or employ, any of the said Negroes so allotted, or to be allotted, upon or for the Service aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to all the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in three several Acts; one entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves, one other, entituled, An Act to prevent the enticing or inveigling of Slaves from the Possessors, and for preventing the Transpoi'tation of Slaves, by Mortgagers or "Tenants for Life or Years, and for regulating AbnJ'es committed by Slaves; and one other Act, entituled, An Act to inflidl further and other Punishnmits on the Tra?ifgreJJ'ers on the tveo several Acts, the one entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves, and the other entituled, An Act to prevent the enticing or enveigling of Slaves from the Pofeffors, and for the preventing the Transportation of Slaves, by Mortgagers or Tenants for Life or Years, and for regulating Abuses committed by Slaves, and be proceeded against in like Manner as in the said three Acts, or any of them, are directed.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Particulars where any thing is expressly directed or enacted in this Act contrary to the said Act, entituled, An Act for building and compleating of Barracks or For-tresses, and cutting of Roads, and appointing Commissioners for the better effcdling the fame, this Act shall be deemed and allowed a Repeal or Suspension of the said Law; but in all other Matters, Clauses, and things therein contained, that no Repeal or Suspension shall be implied; but that this Act shall be deemed and taken as a Confirmation of the said Act or Law, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever.

X. Provided always, That nothing in this or any other Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend, to veil, or continue any Power in any Person or Persons, for raising any Negroes for the Services in this Act mentioned, other than such as are hereby provided, except such Power as by this or any former Act is vested in the Governor or Commander in Chief for raising of Baggage Negroes in Cases of great Emergency.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said

Barracb'v'eft Negroes by this Act veiled in his Majesty for the Term of Three Years, shall, cd in the juf. after the said Term, be absolutely vested in the Justices and Vestriesof the several tices and Vef- Parishes, for the Use of the said Parishes from which the said Negroes were tr>, &<. aftertaken> ancj t]le Justices and Vestries, and the Justices where no Vestries are,

shall be hereby authorized and impowered to bring and defend all Actions and Suits relating to the said Negroes, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any private Person can or may do, unless the said Negroes shall be otherwise disposed of by any Act or Acts of the Governor, Council, and Assem-bly of this Island.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Justice, Commissioner, Vestryman, or other Person, excepting those Persons herein before subjected to the Penalties of the said several inveigling Acts last herein before mentioned, shall in any thing offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or refuse, neglect, or not perform his Duty therein in every thing according to the true Meaning thereof, that then every such Justice, Commifli-oner, Vestryman, or other Person, so offending, refilling, neglecting, or not performing his Duty as aforesaid, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds for every such Offence, Refusal, Neglect, or Non-performance of his Duty, as aforesaid; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island; wherein no Injunction, Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult idterius prosequi be entered

[Proviso.]

The Negroes

try 3 Years.

Penalty on Justices, £?Y. neglecting their Duty herein.

Act 123,124. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

237

tered 3 and one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and 1739. Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and v-A- — the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

O

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do make out Copies of this Act, and cause one Copy thereof to be transmitted to the Custos or chief Magistrate of each of the Parishes in this Island, within Thirty Days next after the passing thereof; for each of which Copies he shall be paid the Sum of Twenty Shillings by the Receiver-General, out of any Money in, or that shall come to his Hands unappropriated.

An Act to repeal Part of a?i ASl, entituled, An Act for the more

effectual Punishment of Crimes committed by Slaves; and to ' — / —

oblige the several Pari fees to pay for all Negroes executed in each respective Pariflo,

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Year Seventeen hundred and Seven- Act i 24.

teen, entituled, An Act for the more effectual Punifmient of Crimes committed by Slaves, among other Things it was enabled, That in all Cases where any Slave should be put upon his Trial by the Owner, Proprietor, or Person intruded with such Slave, and should suffer Death, by the Sentence of such Persons as were impowered to pronounce the fame, such Person should likewise esquire of his, her, or their Value, and certify the fame, under the Hands of the Majority of them (one of which should be a Justice of the Peace) to the Commimoner for the Time being, for paying of Parties to befentout for suppressing rebellious and runaway Slaves, which laid Commissioner should, out of the Fund provided, or to be provided for that Purpose, pay to the Owner or Owners, whose Slave or Slaves the fame were before Conviction, the full Value, he, she, or they were valued at, by the said Persons who tried and condemned him, her, or them, the said Slave or Slaves, which said Sum, the said Commissioner should pay to the said Owner or Owners, in full Recompence for the Losses, he, she, or they had sustained; and in all Cases of Murder, the Owner or Owners of the Slave or Slaves killed, should receive the full Value of such Slave or Slaves/ as well as the Owner or Owners of the Slave or Slaves executed for such Murder; provided always, That no one Slave should be appraised at above the Sum of Forty Pounds current Money of this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, as by the said Act, amongst other Things, may more fully appear: And whereas it is found by Experience, that the fame is become a great Expence to the publick; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor,

Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all such Part, and so much of the said Act as is herein before recited be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that in all Cases, n;s ciaufi where any Slave or Slaves shall, from the making of this Act, be put on his, her, repealed or their Trial, by the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave or Slaves, as the said Act 1 3'

directs, and shall be executed, and valued according to the Direction of the said Act; in every such Case the Sum or Sums, at which such Slave or Slaves shall be so valued, shall be paid by the respective Parish or Parishes, wherein such Slave or Slaves shall be so tried, valued, and executed, and no otherwise, or in other Manner; the said recited Act, or any other Act, or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless that no Person shall be allowed, or paid for the Pr0Vlfo* executing any Slave or Slaves who shall be tried for the breaking open any Hutts, or Negroe Houses, or dealing from thence any Goods, or other Things, of less Value than Five Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry in the respective Parishes of this Island be, and they are hereby im-

O o o powered

238

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 124,125

1740. powered and required to raise, assess, and levy a sufficient Tax for the paying of

- all Slaves, which shall be hereafter tried and executed, pursuant to the said re-

Justice and cited Law, in such Manner and Form, as the Parish Taxis usually raised, col-pmvered'to" and Pa^> any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

lay a Tax for And'be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this ConvKts°r ^an^ do cause this Act to be printed, and Copies thereof transmitted to the Custos or Chief Magistrate of each of the respective Parishes in this Island, in Thirty Days after the passing thereof, and that he shall be paid for the same any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to explain an Act, entituled, An Act for the securing and collecting his Majesty's Quit-rents, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, and for regulating the Manner of Escheats, and for securing the Pofteflors of Lands already forfeited and settled; and further Discovery of such forfeited Lands, and encouraging the settling thereof.

Act 125. TT7 WHEREAS in the said Act for securing and collecting his Majesty's ££'uit-Explanation y V rents, Fines, Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, and for regulating the Manner of a former of Escheats, and for securing the Possessors of Lands already forfeited and settled, and in^ ArrearT* further Discovery of such forfeited Lands, and encouraging the Settling thereof, it is of Quit-rents amongst other Things enacted, That all Owners or Proprietors of Land within

paying 12 per Cent,

Interest.

this Island, their Guardians, Agents, or Attornies, who for the future should neglect or refuse to account with the Receiver General for the Time being, or his Deputy, for their respective Quit-rents, to accrue and become due after the passing of that Act, within every Three Years, and pay the same, or if exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, give Bond to pay the same within Six Months after, every such Owner and Proprietor should be chargeable and answerable for the fame, with Interest at and after the Rate of Twelve Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Time of the last Payment; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas several Persons, who have not exactly complied with the said Law, in paying their Quit-rents within Three Years after the passing of the said Act, have been charged with, and obliged to pay to his Majesty's Receiver General, Interest, at the Rate of Twelve. Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the whole Sum due at such Times as Payments have been made from the passing of the said Law, by which Means a high Interest has been paid for Sums of Money long before they became due; and many Persons have been discouraged from, or have avoided paying their Quit-rents, rather than submit to the Hardships that attended such an Interpretation of the Law; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of famaica, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority of the same, to be the true Intent and Meaning of the said in Part recited Act, That no Interest shall be paid for any Quit-rents that have accrued, or become due from the passing of the said Act, until the Expiration of Three Years; and that the said Interest of Twelve Pounds per Centum shall be charged from that Time, only for the whole Sum then due, without any Retrofpedl; and that for every Three Years, which have incurred lince the passing of the said Law, the said Interest shall be charged only from the Expiration of the said Three Years for such Quit-rents as have accrued within the said Three Years, until the fame be paid; and that for all Quit-rents which shall accrue, or become due, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Interest shall be charged and paid in the like Manner, and not otherwise.

Allowance to P* And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every be made for Person and Persons, who have, or hath paid Interest for his, or their Quit-cha?Tof In- rents> from t^le passing of the said in Part recited Act, in such Manner as hath tereif. been hitherto, infilled upon by his Majesty's Receiver-General, shall be allowed a

Discount

1

1

I

IT

if

1

t

u

M I

i '

ii 1 d

5,

It

I

3 I

! I

i

l! I t I

Act 125,126. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 239

Discount out of their Quit-rents to become due hereafter, for all Payments made by him or them, exceeding what is expressed and declared by this Law; and the Receiver-General is hereby required and obliged to discount the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid* That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act: to be printed, and Copies thereof transmitted to the Receiver-General, and to the Justices and Vestry of each Parish in this Hland, within Thirty Days next after the passing thereof j and that the Receiver-General pay him for the fame out of any MoneJ^ in the Hands of the Receiver-General unappropriated.

An Act for confirming the Articles executed by Colonel Robert Bennett and Quao, the Commander of the Rebels, for saying Rewards for taking up and restoring rimaway Slaves, and making Provision for four White Persons to refde at CrawfordV Town and New Nanny Town, a?id jor granting Freedom to two Negroes who were Guides to Colonel Bennett.

WHEREAS upon the late Submission of Quao, and all the Rebels then

under his Command, to his Majesty's Government, and his engaging for AcT 12°' the Party of Rebels under his Command to accept of such Terms as the said Quao sued for, Articles of Agreement were entered into and executed by Colonel Robert Bennett, who commanded a Party of Militia in the late Expedition against the Rebels and the said Quao \ the Tenor of which Articles is as follows:

Jamaica, Jf.

Whereas his Excellency Edward Trelawny, Esq; Governor and Commander in Chief of the Island aforesaid, hath given Power and Authority to Colonel Ro- p^ion-bert Bennett to treat with the rebellious-Negroes, this Day, being the Twenty-third Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, Capt. Quao, and several others of them under his Command, surrendered under the following Terms, viz. First, That all Hostilities shall cease on both Sides for ever.

Amen; Second, That the said Capt. Quao and his People shall have a certain Quantity of Land given to them, in order to raise Provisions, Hogs, Fowls,

Goats, or whatsoever Stock they may think proper, Sugar-Canes excepted, fav-ing for their Hogs, and to have Liberty to sell the same; Third, That Four White Men shall constantly live and reside with them in their Town, in order to keep a good Correspondence with the Inhabitants of this Island j Fourth, That the said Capt. Quao and his People shall be ready on all Commands the Governor or the Commander in chief for the Time being shall fend him, to suppress and destroy all other Party and Parties of rebellious Negroes, that now are or shall from Time to Time gather together or settle in any Part of this Island, and shall bring in such other Negroes as shall from Time to Time run away from their respective Owners, from the Date of these Articles; Fifth, That the said Capt.

Quao and his People shall also be ready to assist his Excellency the Governor for the Time being, in case of any Invasion, and shall put himself, with all his People that are able to bear Arms, under the Command of the General or Commander of such Forces, appointed by his Excellency to defend the Island from the said Invasion; Sixth, That the said Capt. Quao and all his People shall be in Subjection to his Excellency the Governor for the Time being, and the said Capt.

Quao shall once every Year, or oftener, appear before the Governor, if thereunto required} Seventh, That in case any of the Hunters belonging to the Inhabitants of this Island, and the Hunters belonging to Capt. Quao, should meet, in order to hinder all Disputes, Capt. Quao will order his People to let the Inhabitants Hunters have the Hog} Eighth, That in case Capt. Quao or his People shall take up any runaway Negroes that shall abscond from their respective Owners, he or they shall carry them to their respective Mailers or Owners, and shall be paid for so doing, as the Legislature shall appoint} Ninth, That in Cafe Capt.

Quao

240

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act i 26.

1737* £ % ya0 and his People should be disturbed by a greater Number of Rebels than he

- > is able to fight, that then he shall be assisted by as many White People as the

Governor for the Time being shall think proper; Tenth, That in case any of the Negroes belonging to Capt. dpuao shall be guilty of any Crime or Crimes that may deserve Death, he shall deliver him up to the next Magistrate, in order to be tried as other Negroes are; but small Crimes he may punish himself; Eleventh, That in case any White Man, or other the Inhabitants of this Island, shall disturb or annoy any of the People, Hogs, Stock, or whatsoever Goods may belong to the said Capt. £hiao, or any of his People, when they come down to the Settlements to vend the fame, upon due Complaint made to a Magistrate he or they shall have Justice done them; Twelfth, That neither Capt. Quao, nor any of his People, shall bring any Hogs, Fowls, or any other kind of Stock or Provisions to fell to the Inhabitants, without a Ticket from under the Hand of one or more of the White Men residing within their Town; Thirteenth, That Capt. Quao, nor any of his People, shall hunt within Three Miles of any Settlement 5 Fourteenth, That in case Capt. Quao should dye, that then the Command of his People shall descend to Capt. Thomboy, and at his Death to descend to Capt. Apcng, and at his Death Capt. Blackwall shall succeed, and at his Death Capt. Clash shall iucceed; and when he dies, the Governor or Commander in chief for the Time being shall appoint whom he thinks proper.

In Witness to these Articles, the above named Colonel Robert Bennett and Capt.

Quao have set their Hands and heals the Day and Tear above written.

ROBERT BENNET (L.S.)

The Mark X of Capt. QUAO.

That all Negroes that have gone to them, or been taken by them within Three Years, shall be pardoned their Offence and restored to their Masters, who shall shall be obliged to use them well; that if hereafter any of their Negroes shall endeavour to entice, or should entice any Negroes from any Plantation, the free Negro shall be punished capitally; that the Negroes shall be formed into Companies, to be commanded in chief by a White Man each, and when ordered out upon Service, they shall receive Pay; that they shall be obliged to cut such Road's as the Governor shall order, and that they immediately cut a Road so as to be rideable the nearest Way possible to a Plantation.

II. And whereas notwithstanding his Excellency the Governor hath approved of the said Articles, and that they are generally esteemed such as great Advantages may be derived from; yet it may be too much in the Power of some ill cif-posed or inconsiderate Persons, who have a Right of Property in the said Negroes, or some of them, to render ineffectual the said Articles of Agreement, by disturbing or seizing upon the said Negroes, who in Confidence, or under the Security of the said Articles, may come in their Way: To prevent therefore the Discontents and other ill Consequences that may attend such a Perverseness or Indiscretion, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, do humbly beseech your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the said Articles of Agreement, and every Article and Clause therein contained be, and they are hereby ratified and confirmed upon the Conditions and Terms in the said Articles expressed; and that no Person whatsoever give any Interruption, or presume to seize upon or detain the said Negroes, or any of them, upon any Pretence or Claim of Property, or disturb the said Negroes in the Pof-sessions and Privileges granted or intended to be granted to them by the said Articles of Agreement, until a manifest Breach shall appear to be made, on the Part of Quao or his Successors, of the said Articles, or some or one of them, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds for every such Interruption, Seizure, Detention, or Disturbance; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island,

Act i 26.

241

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Istand, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information j wherein no Essoin, 1740. Protection, Imparlance, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non — v — vult ulterius prosequi be entered 5 and one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successfors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them that shall inform or sue for the same.

III. And whereas the said Quao has engaged to fend all Slaves, who shall here- Runaway after run away and fall into his Elands, to the Chief Magistrate of each Parish fj^n^how^o where they shall be taken; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all run- bedisposedof, away Slaves to be taken by §>uao, or any of the Negroes under his Command, shall be by him or them delivered to the next Magistrate, who is hereby directed and obliged to pay the said ^uao, or the said Negroes bringing such Runaways to him, the Sum of Ten Shillings, under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every Ne-glebl or Refusal of such Magistrate to pay the same; and every such Magistrate to whom any Negroe or Negroes shall be delivered by the said ®uao, or any of the Negroes under his Command as aforesaid, shall be, and he is hereby obliged, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, within Ten Days after such Negroe or Negroes shall be so delivered to him, to fend such Negroe or Negroes to the respective Owner or Owners, if the Magistrate shall know the Owner or Owners; and shall receive from the Owner, for each Slave so sent, the Sum of Ten Shillings paid by him to ghtao, or any of the Negroes under his Command as aforesaid, with Poundage at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Pound for laying out his Money, besides Mile-money, such as is ordered or directed to be paid by the Owners of Runaways, by an Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and in case the Owners shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Sum herein before directed to be paid to such Magistrate, or his Order, and Oath be made thereof before any other Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, to issue his Warrant, and direct the same to any Constable to distrain on the Goods of the said Owner, and the fame, or so much thereof as will satisfy and pay the said Sum herein before directed to be paid to the said Magistrate; and in case the Magistrate to whom any runaway Slave shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall not know, nor be informed, who the Owner of such runaway Slave shall be, such Magistrate shall fend the said runaway Slave to the next Marshal, who is hereby required to pay to the said Magistrate the Sum herein before directed to be paid by the Owner, in case such runaway Slave shall be brought to him; and to be recovered in the same Manner of the said Marshal, in case of Neglect or Refusal; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Marshal to detain and keep in his Custody the Body of such runaway Slave, until the Owner shall reimburse him what he shall have paid as aforesaid, for such runaway Slave, together with such Poundage and other Charges, as are allowed to Marshals paying for runaway Slaves, by the said Act, entituled,

An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves.

IV. And whereas it is thought necessary, that Four white Persons should re- Provision for side among the said Negroes at Crawford's, Town and New Nanny Town, who p^ethat1" have lately surrendered and submitted themselves to the Government, in order reside at the that such white Persons may receive and communicate such Orders as shall be sent by his Excellency the Governor to the said Negroes; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said four Persons, who are, or shall be appointed by his Excellency the Governor, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, for the above mentioned Service, shall be paid at and after the Rate of Two hundred Pounds per annum, for and during such Time as he hath resided, or shall reside, and be upon actual Duty among the said Negroes.

V. And whereas Mark, a Negroe Man, belonging to Andrew Orgill, Esq; and Ccefar, a Negroe Man, belonging to Mr. Richard Clarke, distinguished themselves, and behaved well as Guides to the Party under the Command of Colonel Robert Rennet, and also have on other publick Services behaved well; be it therefore further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That as an Encouragement for their Service, the said Negroes, named Mark and Ceefar, be, and they are hereby absolutely tnanumifed, and for ever set and made free, and they are hereby accordingly ma-

P p p numifed,

242

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i 26,127.

1740. numifed, and for ever set and made free. And be it further enacted by the Autho- — 1 rity aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, cause the same to be printed, and Copies thereof transmitted to the Custos or Chief Magistrate of each of the respective Parities in this Island; and that the Receiver General shall pay him for the fame out of any Fund or Funds in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act for preventing of Frauds and Breaches of Irujl 'by Attornies or Agents of Pejfons able?it from this If and, and by Frufees, Guardians, Executors and Administrators, a Bing for and on the Behalf of Minors and others; and by Mortgagees in Possession of Estates mortgaged; and Sequefrators appointed by Authority of the Court of Chancery.

Act 127.

7bis /IP. re rvi'vcd by Ail 184.Cl.XIV.

Trustees, £57. to make a Return in the Secretary's Office of the annual Produce of E- Hates, isV.

Penalty on Neglect.

HERE AS several Frauds and Breaches of Trust may be committed by Attornies, Trustees, Guardians, Executors, Administrators, Mortgagees in Possession, and Sequestrators j therefore, for the preventing so great an Evil, may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all Perl'ons who are acting Attornies or Agents for Persons who have Estates in, and are absent from this Island, and that all Trustees, Guardians, Executors or Administrators, acting for and on Behalf of Minors or others; and that all Mortgagees, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns in possession, and that all Sequestrators appointed by the Authority of the Court of Chancery, or any of them, having thereby the Management, Care and Direction, and receive or dispose of the Rents, Profits, Produce, and Increase of any real Estate whatsoever, viz. Plantations, Pens, Land, and Pens of Cattle, Sugar-works, or other Settlements, Messuages or Tenements, and of any Negroe or other Slaves, shall and do, and are hereby directed and required yearly, from the Thirty-first Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-nine, between the thirty first Day of December and the twenty fifth Day of March, in every Year during the Continuance of this Act, to render and exhibit in the Secretary's Office in this Island, to be recorded there, a true and just Account in Writing upon their Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, upon their solemn Affirmation) or the Oath of their Overseer or principal Servant managing under them, upon such Estate, Plantation or Settlement, or other real Estate, of which they shall render and exhibit such Account, of all the Rents, Profits, Produce and Proceeds of such Pen Lands, and Pens of Cattle, Plantations, Sugar-works, or other Settlements, Messuages or Tenements, Negroe, and other Slaves, or real Estate whatsoever, under their Care and Direction; and in such Accounts particularly set forth the Quantity of Sugar, Rum, Moloffes, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, Indico and Cocoa produced and made the preceeding Year, ending the thirty first Day of December, before the rendering and exhibiting of such Account of, from, or upon any such Estates, the first Account to be rendered and exhibited for the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty, oner before the Twenty fifth of March seventeen hundred and forty-one.

II. And be it enacted by and with the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons hereby directed and required to render and exhibit such Account or Accounts in Writing, and upon Oath into the Secretary's Office of this Island as aforesaid, shall neglect to render and exhibit the fame in Manner and Form, and between the Days herein before limited for that Purpose, yearly and every Year, such Person or Persons so neglecting, shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall or will sue for the fame in the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island; the same to be recovered in an Action of Debt, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; and shall,

Act i 27, t 28. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

243

id ite ot :s, rft 11-of libit Ac* pon m* real ms, ions, other 1 Ac* Clouding Ac-1 I and oooor

ife any h Ac-

over and above the said Penalty, lose the Benefit of his Commission, for every Year 1740.

he shall so neglect or omit to render and swear to his Account in the Manner before required.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Oath or Affirmation, herein before appointed to be taken, shall be administered by the Judges of the said Supreme Court, or any of them, or by the Chief Judge in any of the Courts of Common Pleas, for the several Precincts of this Island (and by no other Magistrate) who are hereby directed and required to make a Memorandum of such Oath or Affirmations being taken before them, upon, or under such Account or Accounts in Manner following, viz.

Memorandum, This Day of One thousand seven Trustco

himdred and personally appeared before me °ath*

one of the Judges, &c. A. B of Attorney for

(or in whatever Capacity such Person shall act) and upon the holy Eva?i-gelifis made Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, solemnly affirmed) that the Account above written or annexed, is a true and jujl Accowit of all the Rents,

Profits, Produce a?id Proceeds of the Plantation a?id Premiffies (or whatever real Estate it may be) under his Care and Direction, or which he is in Poffiefiion of; and that in such Account is particularly set forth the Quantity of Sugar, Rum, Mo-loffies. Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, Cocoa, Piemento, or other Produce produced and made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and and ending the Thirty

first Day of December loft pafi, of, from, or upon the said And to sign and subscribe the fame; and the Person or Persons taking such Oath or solemn Affirmation, are hereby required to subscribe their Names to such Memorandum; and if any Person or Persons shall, in a wilful and corrupt Manner, falsely take such Oath or solemn Affirmation, such Person or Persons shall suffer such Punishment as is in the Cafe of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary for this Island for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as shall execute the

Office of the fame, do enter and enrol all such Accounts and Memorandums as are Secretary to herein before directed to be made, rendered and exhibited into his Office; and thatenro1 the Ac' for the recording every such Account, with the Memorandum, he is hereby intitled coun to receive and take, according to the Rates now allowed for recording Deeds, Patents, and other Papers, and no more.

V. And be it further enacted, That this present Act shall continue in Force for Three Years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Assembly, and no longer; and that the Secretary of this Island cause Copies of the same to be printed, and sent to the Custos or Chief Magistrate in each Parish, to be read quarterly in the Vestry, and at each Quarter-Sessions, the Expences whereof to be paid him out of the Money unappropriated in the Hands of the Receiver General of this Island.

An Act for rendering the several Donations, which have been given and bequeathed to the XJfe of the Poor of the Parish of Vere in the said If and, more useful; and for erecting and endowing a Free-school in the said Parish.

cr and rlyard 'led 01

w

WHEREAS several Persons have, by their Lafl: Wills and Testaments in Act 128. Writing, made several charitable Donations, confiding in Lands, Slaves

rnment

it Court 't, Ite ad Mi I over

and Money, to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Vere, generally, without giving any particular Directions, or making any particular Appointments touching the Disposition or Management of the Surplusage which might arise, and actually have arisen from the same, over and above the Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, who are otherwise effectually provided for by an Act of this Island; and whereas such Surplusage, together with the aforesaid Charities, may be rendered more useful and beneficial to the Publick, by appropriating and applying them to the establishing and endowing a Free-lchool in the said Parish, which may induce and excite other well-disposed Persons to make further Donations for the

7

244

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 128.

1740. the Advancement of so good and charitable an Undertaking: May it please your < — ~v~ — ' most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Eland of ‘Jamaica; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That Five of the senior Magistrates of the said Parish, actually redding therein for the Time being, the Rector of the said Parish for the Time being, and Five of the Freeholders of the said Parish; such as the Freeholders of the said Parish shall annually, on the Trustccsap- first Day of Jufyj eledj are hereby appointed Trustees for the Direction and Ma-poimed. nagement of a Free-school in the said Parish, and of the said several Gifts, Defiles, Donations and Bequefrs afore-mentioned, and of all such further and other Gifts, Devises and Bequests that shall hereafter be given to, and for the Use of the ftlii Free-school; Five of which said Trustees shall be a Quorum to do Bufinefe.j

II. Provided always, Three of the senior Magistrates residing in the said Parish shall be of that Number; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, and they who shall succeed them, shall be Trustees of the said Free-school, and of all Lands, Messuages, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall or may be given by any Person or Persons whatsoever, or purchased by the said Trustees or their Successors, for the Use and Benefit of the said Free-school, at all Times hereafter for ever; and that the said Trustees shall for ever stand, and be incorporated in Name and in Deed a Body politick and corporate, by the Name of the Trustees of the Free-school of the Parish of Veret and by that Name they, and their Successors, shall, and may for ever hereafter, have, hold, and enjoy the said Free-school, and all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and Goods and Chattels in and by this present Act appropriated for the erecting, establishing and endowing the said Free-school, and all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all Gifts, Donations, Benefactions and Devises, which at any Time hereafter shall be given or purchased for the Use and Benefit of the School.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, by the fame Name, shall and may

powered 'to' ^ave Power and Ability to place out at Interest, on good and sufficient Security, lend Money any Donations or Sums of Money, and to demise, set and lease such Messuages, and ie^anc^s' Tenements and Hereditaments, as shall or may be given or purchased as Lands, iac. aforesaid; and to take, acquire and purchase, to sue and be sued, and to do, perform and execute, all and every lawful Act and Thing, good, necessary and profitable for the said Corporation, in as full and as ample Manner and Form, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as any other Corporation or Body politick and corporate, fully and perfectly incorporated, may or ought to do; and that they the said Trustees, and their Successors, may have and use a common Seal, for the making, granting and demifing of their Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and for the doing of all and every other Acts and Things touching, or in any ways concerning or appertaining to the said Corporation, or Body politick, in which Seal shall be engraved a Boy with a Book in his Hand on one Side; and another with a Mallet and Chiflel, making a Cotton Gin, both in a Circle; round which are to be engraven the Latin Words, Eruditione et Lahore; and that the said Seal shall be deposited and kept in the Hands of the Chief Magistrate refid ing in the said Parish of Vere.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Lands, Messuages, Negroes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all Rents, Sum and Sums of Money charged upon, and issuing or payable out of any Messuages, Lands, Negroes, Tenements and Hereditaments, and all Sum and Sums of Money given and bequeathed to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish of Fere as aforesaid, shall

Donation^ be, and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and their Successors, to and fee Trustees. 6 t^ie Uses anc^ Purposes herein mentioned, declared, and enacted, concerning the same; and that the several Heirs, Executors, and other legal Representatives of the several Donors and Devifors of the said several charitable Donations and Devises aforesaid, and all other Persons whatsoever that have intermeddled with, or received any Sum or Sums of Money upon Account of any of the said Charities, shall, within six Months, render an Account of what has been received by them,

or

Act 12 8.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

245

or any of them respectively, to the said Trustees of the Laid Free-school, or the 1740. major Part of them, and to pay over the Balance that shall appear to be due upon Account, and upon their, or any of their dating and adjusting the said Accounts, ve^‘j ;n tj,e and paying the Balance due thereon, the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, Trustees shall be, and are hereby impowered to execute a general Release and Releases, or other Acquittance, to such Person or Persons so accounting and paying such Balance as shall be found due as aforesaid, which said Release or Acquittance shall be a full Discharge and Indemnification to them, and every of them5 any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be School.house lawful for the said Trustees, and their Successors, to erect, build, and repair a pro-to bebuilt-per House, with Out-houses, on some Part of the Lands in the said Parish, so bequeathed as aforesaid, and to endow the fame in Proportion to their Revenues;

and till the said House can be conveniently built, to hire such a one as they shall think fit for the Abiding, Dwelling, and necessary Use, of one or more Masters and U(hers, for the instructing the poor Children of the said Parish, without Charge, in Reading, Writing, Arithmetick, Latin, Greek, or the Mathematicks, or any other Sort of Learning the said Trustees shall think fit and proper; and that they, the said Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall have full Power and Authority to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think proper and qualified to be Master and Usher, or Masters and Ufilers of the said Free School.

VI. Provided they be of the Religion of the Church of England, as by Law Masters and

established, and are well affected to the Protestant Succession, and upon any Mif- ^10 be

behaviour or Disability, to remove the said Masters or Ufliers, or any of them; r an s‘

and when any of them, by Deprivation, Resignation, or Death, shall become

void, the said Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may, within Three Months after such Voidance, by Writing, under their Common Seal, appoint one or more qualified, as aforesaid, in the Places of them, and every of them, so deprived, resigning, deceasing, or becoming void.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees or their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may receive into the said Free School as many poor Children as they shall think proper, in Proportion to the Revenues of the said School; and upon any Misbehaviour or Inability in the said Children, or upon their attaining their Age of Twelve or Fourteen Years, bind them, or any of them, out Apprentices to Artists, Trades-men, or Planters; or to remove or discharge them, or any of them, and take and receive others into the said Free School in their Place and Stead; and that the said Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may from Time to Time expend such Sum and Sums of Money, in Proportion to the Revenues of the said School, in and about maintaining, repairing, or enlarging the said School and Buildings thereunto belonging, as they shall from Time to Time find convenient, requisite, and necessary.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees to Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may have ^[g"bc full Power and Authority, under the said Common Seal, to make, ordain, and prescribe such Rules and Ordinances for the good Order and Government of the said Free School, and of the said Masters, Ulhers, and Children, and for settling their and every of their Stipends and Allowances, as to them shall seem meet, convenient, and necessary; and the said Rules and Ordinances by them, or the major Part of them so made, ordained, and prescribed, as aforesaid, shall stand and be in full Force and Strength in Law, the fame not being repugnant or contrary to his Majesty's Prerogative, nor the Laws and Statutes of England and this Island; and that the said Trustees and their Successors, or the major Part of them, shall and may have full Power and Authority to visit the said School, and to order, reform, and redress all Disorders and Abuses, in and touching the Government and Management of the fame, in such Manner, and at such Times, as to them shall seem meet.'

Qjiq

246 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 128,129.

1740.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be law--v — J fill for any of the Trustee or their Successors, to keep in his or their Hands above Not to bor- Thirty Days, or to apply to his or their own Use and Benefit, or to take or borrow the Do- row on Interefi any Sum or Sums of Money given to or for the Use of the said nauon Money. pfee School, or that shall arise or become due for Interefi or Rent; nor shall they, or any of them, for their own Use or Benefit, buy, fell, rent, or lease any of the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, which may be purchased, settled, or given for the Use aforesaid.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons offending or acting contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; one Third thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island; one Third to and for the Use of the said Free School; and the other Third to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue or prosecute for the fame; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of the Courts of Record in this Island; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non •unit ulterius prosequi be entered; any Law, Custom, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to vefi certain Lands in the Parish of St. Andrew in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for erecting and building an Hospital\ and other Necessaries and Conveniences for the Reception and Accommodation of maimed, ficky and infirm Sailors, and others belongings or that shall belong to his Majesty s Navy.

Act 129. *\\ WHEREAS it hath been found by long Experience, from the commodious Situation of this Island, and the natural Advantages of the Ports and Harbours thereof, and its Produce and Commodities, that great Benefit and Advantages have accrued to the Trade and Manufacture of Great Britain, the Preservation of which, as well as of the Island itself, situate amongst potent and formidable Neighbours, depends under God in great measure upon the Ships of War and naval Force sent hither from Time to Time for its Preservation and Defence; and whereas his Majesty has been graciously pleased, for the Encouragement as well as Preservation of the Sailors and others employed in that Service, to order Edward Vernon, Esq; Vice Admiral of the Blue, and Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships now upon this Station, to purchase Lands and erect proper and convenient Buildings thereon, for the Reception and Entertainment of maimed, sick, and infirm Sailors: And whereas a certain Piece or Parcel of Land in the Parish of St. Andrew, commonly known or called by the Name of Axtell's Penny Land com- from the Commodiousness of its Situation, adjoining to the Harbour of Port modious for Royaly is judged to be the mofl convenient Place for that Service; but forasmuch as Andrew Orgilly Esq; and Thomas Orgilly a Minor, claim a Right thereunto, and Mary the late Wife of the said Axtelly may claim Dower therein, and Francis Pefchair and Isaac Furtado, or others, as Attorneys or Representatives of Peter Bonjills, a Subject of the French King, by virtue of or under Colour of some Se-queflration issued against the said Axtelly obtained for the Non-performance of a Decree for a personal Duty, like wife pretend a Right to the fame: And whereas the said Claimants, or the greatest Part of them, are willing, and have offered to resign their Interefi severally on a reasonable Consideration; but by reason of the said several Pretensions and Claims, the Absence of the said Bonjills from this Island, and the Uncertainty of his being alive, or the Want of proper Powers from him, and the Non-age of the said Thomas Orgilly no sufficient Title can at present be made to .his Majesty, without the Interposition of the Legislature, whereby his Majesty's mofl gracious Intentions, and so good and charitable a Work, are obstructed : For Remedy whereof, and to the Intent that all due Encouragement and Expedition may be given unto so necessary a Work, and that nil

Impe-

Act 129.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

247

11

I

' I

i-

d 1-

!fr )r-fit *i

:as 11 jet , of '

d

led, I

tk I 'm,

H

udi

Am m I

Se-

:e of ] ereiil

td a of I this I I

:ati£ I

M(< I

tf'1

id'

iJta'I

!af|

Impediments and Obstructions may be removed, and reasonable Satisfaction may 1740. be given and secured to the Owners of all the said Lands; we, your Majesty's — J most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, humbly beseech your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That in case the said Andrew Orgill, and *Thomas Orgill by his Guardian, the said Andrew Orgill, and the said Mary Axtell and Francis Pefchair, and Isaac Furtadoy or any others concerned in behalf of the said Peter Bonfl/s, shall and will agree with the said Vice-Admiral Vernon for the Sale and Value of the said Lands; To be pur-that then and in such Case, the Money so agreed upon for the Purchase of the the said Lands shall be lodged and deposited in the Hands of the Receiver-General for the Time being, to be applied by him to the Uses of the Government, until such Time as the Right of the said several Claimants to the said Lands shall be determined, either at Law or in Equity; and in case the said Andrew Orgill,

Thomas Orgill, 'Mary Axtell, Francis Pefchair, and Isaac Furtado, or others concerned in behalf the said Peter Bonflls, shall decline or refuse to agree for the Sale and Purchase of the said Lands, as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Commander in Chief for the Time being, and his Excellency the Governor, Commander for the Time being, is hereby authorized, impowered, and required, under the Broad Seal of this Island, to iftuc forth a Warrant or Warrants to the Provost-marshal-general, on or before the firfh Day of January next, to impannel and return at such Time and Place as shall be therein inserted, a sufficient Jury, who upon their Oaths (which the said Provost-marshal is hereby impowered and authorized to administer) shall enquire into the true Value of the said Lands and PremifTes, and give their Verdict or In-quisition thereof to the said Provost-marshal, who is hereby required to return and certify the fame under his and their Hands, into his Majesty's Court of Chancery of this Island, on or before the first Day of February next, there to be recorded under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, which said Valuation so returned shall be final and conclusive, to and against all Persons whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Valuation upon Oath shall be laid before the said Vice-Admiral Vernon, in order that the Money may be deposited and lodged in the Hands of the Receiver-General for the Time being; to be applied by him to the Uses of the Government, until such Time as the Right of the said Claimants shall be determined in Manner aforesaid; and immediately upon lodging the Purchase-money agreed for as aforesaid, or in case of Non-agreement, the said Valuation-money aforesaid, in the Receiver-General's Hands, then and from thenceforth the said Lands and PremifTes shall for

ever afterwards be, and are hereby declared to be absolutely veiled and adjudged and vefied in to be in Pofifession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in as full, large, am- hls Ma^efly* pie, and beneficial Manner as Daniel Axtell, or any other Person or Persons held possessed, or enjoyed the fame, or might or could have held, possessed and enjoyed the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And to the End and Intent that the Person or Persons in whom the Right and Title of the said Lands and PremifTes shall be adjudged, may receive Compensation for the Detention of the said Purchase-money, until the Right shall be determined, as aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General for the Time being, shall, upon the Determination of such Right, pay the said Valuation or Purchase-money out of any Fund or Funds in his Hands unappropriated, which this or any future Assembly shall make good.

IV. And to the Intent the Claimants may have a reasonable Satisfaction from the Sale of such Lands, until their Right be determined; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General for the Time being shall annually account with, and pay into the Hands of the Sequestrator for the Time being, lawful Interest for the Purchase-money deposited in his Hands, which said Inte-rest-money shall be applied by the Sequestrator in the same Manner as the Profits of the said Land now are, or lately have been applied, pursuant and subject to any Orders or Decrees of the Court of Chancery; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 130.

248

Act 130.

Great Benefit

1741. An Act to vefl certain Lands on Port Royal in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the enlarging and making ?nore commodious the Carreening-Wharf and Yard, already erected there, for the Use of his Majesty s Ships of TVar.

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that the Carreening-Wharf, and Conveniencies already built and erected at Port Royal, have of the Car- been of great Importance, Use, and Benefit to his Majesty's Ships of War and Wharf*& ot^ers> anc^ more especially since the present Rupture with Spain-, and whereas it at Pert Royal, hath been represented, that the said Wharf and Yard require a further Addition and Enlargement, in order to render the fame proper and accommodated to the necessary Uses of carreening and fitting such a Number of Ships as his Majesty may have Occasion to fend upon these Seas j and whereas it is highly requisite, that all proper Conveniencies and Accommodations should be prepared for the repairing and refitting his Majesty's Ships, which the Situation and Nature of the Place will admit of, in order to render them more useful and serviceable, and the readier to answer effectually the important Ends for which they may be fentj and whereas such Addition and Enlargement of the said Wharf and Yard cannot be effected without vesting the Lands adjacent, convenient, and proper for it, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, Part of which may be the Estates of Infants, Feme-Coverts, and other Persons, who by Law are disabled from making Contracts and Conveyances, and other Parts may belong to Persons who may be unwilling to part with their Lands, or dispose of them upon reasonable Terms j in which Cases the Interposition of the Legislature becomes necessary, and has always been resorted to: To the Intent therefore to promote and advance so necessary a Service, and that all Obstructions and Impediments may be removed, and that reasonable Satisfaction may be given for all the Lands in the Plat hereunto To lefien in annexed *, which are thought necessary and convenient to be taken up for that the Secretary's Service; may it please your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted j °^ce' be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica j and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and his Excellency the Governor and Commander in Chief for the Time being is hereby authorized, empowered, and required, under the Broad Seal of this Island, to issue forth a Warrant or Warrants to the Provost-marshal-general of this Island, on or before the Twentieth Day of May next, impowering and requiring him to impannel and return, at such Time and Place as shall be therein inferred, a sufficient Jury, who upon their Oaths (which Oaths the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, is hereby impowered and authorized to administer) shall enquire into the true Value of each Parcel of the Lands and Buildings, herein after mentioned, in the said Plat represented, and give their Verdict and Inquisition thereof to the said Provost-marshal, who is hereby required and impowered to return and certify the fame under his and their Hands, into his Majesty's High Court of Chancery of this Island, on or before the Thirtieth Day of May next, there to be recorded under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; which said Valuation so made and returned, shall be final and conclusive, to and against all Persons whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General for the Time being do, out of any Money to arise by virtue of any Law passed, or that shall pass this Sessions of Affernbly, pay unto each of the Proprietors of the said Lands, for their Estates and Interests therein, the said Valuation, or Money so assessed, upon Oath, as aforesaid; and upon Payment and Satisfaction made, as aforesaid, the said Lotts or Parcels of Land, with the Buildings thereon erected, of Grace Durrant and Susannah Hevelin, Colonel John Barton, William Morris} Esq; and his Wife Judith, and Moses Gutteres and John Dodd

as

Lands purchased to cn-JargethtYard, <£>c.

249

Act 130,131. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

as also one other Lot or Parcel of Land comprized within the Figures 1, 2, 3, 4, 1741.

and 5, belonging to Persons unknown; (all which Parcels of Land are described v — -<

in the Platt hereunto annexed *) shall from thenceforth be, and they are hereby r, iefeen veiled in his Majesty, his Pleirs and Successors, to the Uses and Purposes afore- atth' Secr‘-said; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. tarys Office.

III. And whereas William Morris, Esq; is seised of one of the said Lots, or Parcels of the said Land in Right of his Wife; and some other Lots or Parcels of the said Land belong to Infants under the Age of One and Twenty Years; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said William Morris shall, before he receive from the Receiver-General any Money in Satisfaction for the said Lot or Parcel of Land, settle upon, or secure to his said Wife other Lands, to the Value of the said Lot or Parcel of Land to be vested in the said William Morris and his Wife, in such Manner as the said Lot or Parcel Of Land now is, and which shall descend in the like Manner as the said Lot or Parcel of Land would or might have done before the passing of this Act; and that the Value of all such Lots or Parcels of the said Lands as belong to Infants under the Age of One and Twenty Years, shall be paid by Murray Crimble, Esq; or the Receiver-General for the Time being, to the Guardians of the said Infants respectively; and shall be by them laid out in other Lands for the Use and Benefit of the said Infants; which Lands shall be vested in the said Infants respectively, as the said Lots or Parcels of Land now are; any Law, Cullom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to bnpower Commissioners to take Affidavits in the several Parishes, to be made Use of in the Grand Court.

FOR the greater Ease and Benefit of all Persons whatsoever, in the taking ^CT — Affidavits to be made Use of, and read in his Majesty's Supreme Court of ' Judicature in this Island, as well in Matters and Things relating to his Majesty and his Revenue, as in all other Matters and Causes whatsoever, depending, or to be depending in the said Court; or any wife concerning the Proceedings of, of in the fame; may it please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island, and by the Authority of the same, That the Chief Justice, and Other the C^ Mice, Justices of the Supreme Court of Judicature in this Island for the Time being, po[n™heap" or any Two of them, whereof the Chief Justice for the Time being to be one, Comissioners. shall and may, by one or more Commission or Commissions, under the Seal of the said Court, from Time to Time as Need shall require, impower what and as many Persons as they shall think fit and necessary, in all and every the several Parishes and Districts within this Island, to take and receive all and every such Affidavit and Affidavits, as any Person or Persons shall be willing and delirous to make before any of the Persons so impowered in, or concerning any Cause,

Matter or Thing depending, or hereafter to be depending, or any wife concerning any of the Proceedings to be in the said Court, as the Judges of the Supreme Court used to do; which said Affidavits, taken as aforesaid, shall be filed in the Office of the said Court, and then be read and made Use of in the said Court, to all Intents and Purposes as other Affidavits taken in the said Court now are; and that all and every Affidavit and Affidavits taken as aforesaid, shall be of the fame Force as Affidavits taken in the said Court now are j and all and every Person and Persons forswearing him, her, or themselves, in such Affidavit or Affidavits, shall incur and be liable unto the same Penalties, as if such Affidavit or Affidavits had been made and taken in open Court.

II. Provided, That for the taking of every such Affidavit, the Person or Persons so impowered and taking the fame, shall for so doing receive the Sum or Fee of One Shilling and Three Pence, and no more.

250

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 132-

1741. An Act for recovering and extending the "Trade with the Indian Settlements in America, and preventing for the future some evil Practices formerly committed in that Trade.

Act j^.ITT WHEREAS great Advantages might be derived to his Majesty's Subjects general, and more particularly to the Inhabitants of this Wand, if a good Correspondence and open Commerce were established between them and the Indians upon the Continent in America j and whereas the evil Practices of several Traders of this Island, who have frequently taken Indians from their Settlements clandestinely, and fold them in this Wand for Slaves, have occasioned some of the Indian Settlements in America, with whom his Majesty's Subjects held a friendly Intercourse, and carried on a beneficial Trade, particularly those of Darien and Samblas, to withdraw their Friendship from his Majesty's Subjects, and to enter into an Alliance and Friendship with the Spaniards, and have not only discouragea those Settlements from continuing, but many others of the Indians (it may be presumed), from engaging in any Commerce with us j in order therefore to prevent for the future such unfair, barbarous, and pernicious Practices, and to remove the ill Effects of those already committed, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted > be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, tutSatsim- That all Indians who shall arrive, or be imported for Sale into this Wand, from Sak % set°free.and after the First Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-one, shall be free to all Intents and Purposes, as any other Aliens or Foreigners are; and that all Sales made in this Wand to any Person or Persons residing or that shall reside or belong to this Wand, of any Indian or Indians, from and after the said First Day of June, in the said Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-one, shall be absolutely null.and void; and thatif any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said First Day of June, One thousand seven ^Are"aity hundred and forty-one, fell or buy any Indian or Indians so imported, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Wand, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or Injunction shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius profeqiti be entered 5 and one Moiety whereof shall be to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue for the fame, and the other Moiety to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Wand, and the contingent Charges thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners of Indian Slaves in this Wand, their Agents or Attornies, shall on or before the Eight and twentieth Day of December, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-one, give in the Names and Sexes of all Indians which belong to them respectively, to the Secretary of this Island, to be registered in his Office, or to the Clerk of the Vestry, in the Parishes where they respectively reside, to be there entered in the Vestry-Books of the said Parishes; and that all and every Indian and Indians, whose.Name or Names, and Sex or Sexes, shall not be given in as aforesaid, shall be free to all Intents and Purposes.

III. Provided always, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that all and every Person or Persons, who is, or are already seised of any Indian Slave or Slaves, shall have Power to fell and otherwise dispose of all and every such Indian or Indians, m as full and ample Manner as he or they might have done before the making of this Act.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do, within Thirty Days after the passing of this Act, cause the same to be printed, and Copies thereof transmitted to the Cujios, or Chief Magistrate of each of the Parishes in this Island; and a further Number, not exceeding Two hundred,

for buying Indians.

Act 13 2, i 33. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 25!

dred, of the like printed Copies, to be deposited in the Hands of the Receiver-General, to be by him delivered to all Masters of Vessels trading to any Part of the Sfanish Coaif; the Charges whereof shall be paid by the said Receiver-General, out of any Money in his Hands, any Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to eticourage Colonel Cudjo and Captain Quaw, and the everal Negroes under their Convnand in Trelawny and Crawford Towns, and all other Tow?ts of rebellious Negroes, who submitted to Terms, to pursue and take up runaway Slaves, a?id such Negroes as continue in Rebellion; and for retnedying some Inconve-niencies in the Laws already made for that Purpose.

HE REAS, by an Act entituled, An Act for building and completing Act 133. Barracks or Fortresses, and cutting Roads; and appointing Commissioners fcr the better effecting the fame, a Reward of Ten Pounds is there given to voluntary Parties for every rebellious Negroe they shall kill, or take alive : And whereas by two other Acts, the one, entituled, An Act for confirming the Articles executed by Colonel John Guthrie, Lieutenant Sadler, and Cudjo the Commander of the Rebels, for saying Rewards for taking up and refioring runaway Slaves y and making Provision for four White Persons residing, or to reside at Trelawney Town, and for granting Freedom to five Negroes who were Guides to Parties; and the other, entituled, An Act for confirming the Articles executed by Colonel Robert Bennett and Quaw the Commander of the Rebels, for paying Rewards for taking up and refioring runaway Slaves, and making Provision for four White Persons to reside at Crawford Town and New Nanny Town, and for granting Freedom to two Negroes who were Guides to Colonel Bennet; a Reward of Ten Shillings is there given to the said Cudjo or 'uaw, or to any Negroe under their Command, for every runaway Negroe that shall be taken up and brought in by either of them: And as it is justly to be apprehended, that from the different Encouragements given by the said Laws, Cudjo and QuaWy and the several Negroes under their Command in Trelawney and Crawford Towns, and other of the rebellious Towns who submi .ted to Terms, may be induced to kill all straggling and runaway Negroes that may 1 fall in their Way, with Intention to receive the greater Reward of Ten Pounds for them as rebellious, rather than to bring them in alive, and receive the lesser Reward of Ten Shillings for them as Stragglers or Runaways, which will occasion an Effusion of Blood: For remedying whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Law, all runaway Slaves that shall be taken up by the said Cudjo or QuaWy or any of the Negroes under their Command in Trelawney or Crawford Towns, or any other of the rebellious Towns, who have submitted to Terms, shall be by him or them delivered to the next Magistrate, who is hereby directed and obliged to pay the said Cudjo or ^uaw, or the said Negroes bringing such Runaways to him, the Sum of Three Pounds, and 3l. and no no more; under the Penalty of Five Pounds for every Neglect or Refusal of pa^th^vvild such Magistrate to pay the same : And every such Magistrate, to whom any Ne* Negroes for groe or Negroes shall be delivered by the said Cudjo or £>uaw, or any of the Ne- bringing in groes under their Command, as aforesaid, shall be, and he is hereby obliged, un- unaway der the Penalty of Five Pounds, within Ten Days after such Negroe or Negroes shall be so delivered to him, to fend such Negroe or Negroes to the respective Owner or Owners, if the Magistrate shall know him or them, and shall receive from such Owner or Owners, for each Slave so sent, the Sum of Three Pounds so paid by him to Cudjo or £>tiaw, or any of the Negroes under their Command, as aforesaid; with Poundage, at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six-Pence per Pound, for laying out his Money, besides Mile-Money* such

as

6

?52

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Acti33,i34.

1741. as is ordered or directed to be paid by the Owners of Runaways, by an Act entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and in case the Owner shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Sum, herein before directed to be paid, to such Magistrate or his Order, and Oath made thereof before any other Justice of the Peace, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, to issue his Warrant, and direct the same to any Constable, to distrain on the Goods of the said Owner; and the fame, or so much thereof as will satisfy and pay the said Sum herein before directed, to be paid to the said Magistrate : And in case the Magistrate, to whom any runaway Slave shall be delivered, as aforesaid, shall not know who the Owner of such runaway Slave shall be, such Magistrate shall fend the said runaway Slave to the next Marshal, who is hereby directed to pay to the said Magistrate the Slim herein before directed to be paid by the Owner, in case such Runaway Slave shall be brought to him; and to be recovered in the same Manner of the said Marshal, in case of Neglect or Refusal.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Cudjo or <$uaw, or any of the Negroes under their Command, as aforesaid, shall have and receive for every rebellious Negroe 40l. Reward they shall kill, or bring in alive, the Sum of Forty Shillings, and no more; to bringingm°r be Pa^ by the Church-wardens of any Parish of this Island, to whom the Ears of alive a rebel* such rebellious Negroe shall be produced, together with a Certificate signed by lious Negroe. one of t}le White Persons residing in frelawney or Crawford, or any other Towns •of the Rebels, certifying, in the belt Manner he is able, the Time and Place where such rebellious Negroe was killed or taken j which said Sum, so to be paid by such Church-warden, shall be allowed to him by the Receiver-General or his Deputy, out of any Sum or Sums of Money such Church-warden shall hdve in his Hands j and every Church-warden who shall neglect, or refuse to pay the same, shall incur the Penalty of Five Pounds for every such Neglect or Refusal.

Penalties how And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties

•recovered, in this Act, not directed how to be recovered, shall be recovered in a summary

Way, before any Two Magistrates j one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform or sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said above recited Laws, and all Matters and Things therein contained, and not hereby altered, shall continue and be in full Force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary do cause this Act to be printed, and Copies thereof transmitted to the Custos, or eldest Justice of each of the respective Parishes of this Island, within Forty Days after the passing of this Act, and for each of which he shall be paid by the Receiver-General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

1742.

An Act for the more effectually preventing and further Punishment of Forgery.

Act m. WHEREAS the wicked, pernicious, and abominable Crime of Forgery hath of late been so much practised, to the Subversion of Justice, and Prejudice of Trade and Credit, that it is necessary, for the more effectually preventing so enormous an Offence, to inflict a more exemplary Punishment upon the Offenders, than by the Laws of this Island can now be done : Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly j and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That if any Person, from and after the Twentieth Day of May, in this present Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-two, shall falfiy make, forge, or counterfeit, or cause, or procure to be

253

Act r 34)135* The LAWS of JAMAICA.

falsly made, forged, or counterfeited, or willingly act or assist in the false making, forging, or counterfeiting any Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing obligatory,

Bill of Exchange, Promissary Note for Payment of Money, Indorsement, Assignment; or Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or Promissary Note for Payment of Money, or any Acquittance or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person whatsoever; or shall utter or publish as true, any false, forged, or counterfeit Deed, Will, Testament, Bond, Writing obligatory, Bill of Exchange, Promissary Note for Payment of Money, Indorsement, Alignment, or Acceptance of any Bill of Exchange, or Promissary Note for Payment of Money, Acquittance, or Receipt, either for Money or Goods, with Intention to defraud any Person, knowing the same to be false, forged, or counterfeited; then every such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, according to the due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Attainder, for any Offence hereby made Felony, shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Lois of Dower, or Disherison of Heirs.

An Act for enlarging the ‘Time for proving or acknowledging and recording or inrollitig Deeds and Conveyances made and executed out of this If and.

1743-

WHER EAS by an Act, entituled, An Act for the better preserving of the Act 135* Records in the federal Publick Offices in this If and., Supplying and remedying DefeBs in several former Laws for preventing fraudulent Deeds and Convey ances, and recording Old Wills in a prefixed Lime, passed in the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirty one, it is amongst other Things enacted, That all Deeds and Conveyances made and executed out of this Island, for any Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or Hereditaments within this Island, from the First Day of May, which should be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty two, should be duly proved or acknowledged, and recorded or inrolled in the Office of Enrollments of this Island, within Six Calendar Months after the Dates of such Deeds and Conveyances, and within Ninety Days after the Arrival of the Ship which brought the fame; otherwise to stand void, with respect to other Purchasers or Mortgagees, bona fide, for valuable Consideration, but Hill to preserve and maintain a Right and Title against the Vendor or Mortgager, or their Heirs; in case the first Vendee or Mortgagee shall at any Time duly prove and record his or their Deeds or Conveyances, no second or other Deed or Conveyance being in the mean Time proved or acknowledged, and recorded or inrolled in favour of any other Person or Persons, as aforesaid : And whereas the Term or Time of Six Months, by the said recited Act: limited and allowed, for the proving or acknowledging, and recording, or inrolling such Deeds and Conveyances so made and executed out of this Island, is so short, that by many Accidents it may happen, that the Persons in whose favour such Deeds and Conveyances are made, may not be able to get them proved or acknowledged, and recorded or inrolled in the Office of Enrollments of this Island, before the Expiration of the said Term or Time; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica j and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all Deeds and Con-Dueds,£s-v. veyances made and executed out of this Island, after the passing of this Act, that shall be duly proved or acknowledged, and recorded or inrolled in the Office if duly proved of Enrollments of this Island, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Dates 0fan^co/2ded such Deeds or Conveyances, and Ninety Days after the Arrival of the Ship that Months, shall bring the said Deeds or Conveyances to this Island, shall be of equal Validity, lid.

Force, and Virtue, to all Intents and Purposes, with Deeds and Conveyances

S f f made

va-

254.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 136'

' 1743. made and executed out.cf this Island, and which were or Jshall have been proved or acknowledged, and recorded or inrolled within Six Calendar Months after the Dates of such Conveyances, and within Ninety Days after the Arrival of the Ship which brought the same to this Island j any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

~0 0 & 0 0 & 0 0 0 0 0 $ 0 0 & 0 0 Q 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 000 0 0

3 744-

Act 136

Billiards, Shovel-Board, Pharaoh, Cards, tise. forbid.

Eack gammon,Skettles, Nine-pins, and Bowls, excepted.

10 I. Penalty on Persons offending.

An Act for the more effectual preventing of Gamings and Suppref-

fion of Lotteries.

WHEREAS many Mischiefs and Inconveniences do arise, and are daily found, by frequenting of publick Billiard-Tables, and by playing at Dice and other unlawful Games; the fame tending to encourage a loose and disorder-ly Life, and to cozening and debauching the Youth of this Island, to the Loss of their Time and the Ruin of their Estates and Fortunes; may it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by‘the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of August, in the present Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, by himself. Deputy, Servant, or other Person, shall for his, her, or their Gain or Lucre, erect, let up, continue or keep, hold, occupy, exercise, or maintain any common Gaming-house, or other Place for playing at Billiards or Shovel-board; or for playing at the Games called Pharaoh, Ace of Hearts, Passage, and Hazard; or for playing at any Game or Games at or with Cards ,* or for playing at any Games at or with any Machine, Engine, or Device of Chance of any Kind whatsoever, Backgammon, and the other Games now played with the Backgammon Tables, (Skettles, Nine-pins, and Bowls only excepted;) such Person or Persons, and every or either of them, upon being convicted thereof before one or morejustice or Justices of the Peace for any Parish or Precinct, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which said Oaths the said Justices are hereby authorised, impowered, and required to administer) or upon the View of such Justice or Justices, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Elands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of such Parish or Precinct, where the Offence shall be committed ,* which said Forfeitures, when recovered, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Prosecution, shall go and be applied, one Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to the Informer.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons using and haunting any of the said Houses or Place?, and who shall, in such Houses or Places, be Adventurers in any of the said Games of Billiards, Shovel-board, Pharoah, Ace of Hearts, Passage, Hazard, Cards, or at any Game played at or with any Machine, Engine, or Device of Chance, of any Kind whatsoever; cr shall therein play, set at Stake, or punt at, or shall bet on the Side or Sides of such as do and shall play at either of the said Games (Backgammon and the other Games now played with the Backgammon Tables, Skettles, Nine-pins and Bowls only excepted) and shall be thereof convicted in such Manner and Form as in and by this Act is prescribed, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose the like Sum of Ten Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and disposed of, as aforesaid; And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Conviction or Judgment shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into 1 is Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature, until Judgment or Determination fcathrbeen given and made thereupon by such Justice or Justices, as aforesaid 5 nor shall any Conviction made, or Judgment given as aforesaid by this Act, be set aside, by the Judges of the said

Act 136.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

255

said Supreme Court of Judicature, for want of Form, in case the Fact alledged 1744. in the said Conviction shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Court. '--- — J

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be convicted of any of the Offences in this Act afore-mentioned, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy the Penalties inflicted by this Act;

or shall hot immediately pay the said Penalties, or give Security for the fame, it persons no: shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Person Pa>'!"3 shall be convicted as aforesaid, to commit such Person or Persons to the common fenTtoGaol. Gaol of the Parish or Precinct where such Offence shall be committed, there to continue and remain for any Time not exceeding one Month.

IV. And whereas divers loose and dilfolute Persons, Overseers, Tradesmen,

Servants free, and other Negroes, Mulattoes, and Indians, do meet at private Houses, and other Places, where the Games herein before mentioned, or feme' or one of them, is or are played at, or carried on, and frequent Riots and Disorders are committed, to the great Reproach of the Laws and Government of this Island; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such House and Ploufes, Place and Places where such Meeting and Gaming is and are carried on, shall be deemed and adjudged common Gaming-houses for Lucre, Gaming-within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that all and every Person or ^eined'fucial Persons haunting and playing at any of the said Games mentioned in this Act, in

any such House or Houses, Place or Places; shall severally forfeit and be liable to all and every the Penalties inflicted by this Act; which said Penalties are to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be law-Justices im-ful to all and every Justice and Justices of every Parish and Precinct within this Powe.rred to

<* j imornon

Island, on Information to be made upon Oath, to enter and resort into all and Gamcfters, every Houses and Places where such Games shall be holden, exercised, used, oc- &c-cupied or played at, contrary to the Form of this Act; and as well the Keepers of the fame, as also the Persons there haunting, and retorting and playing, to take,

arrest and imprison, and them so taken and arrested to keep in Prison, until such Times as the Keepers and Maintained of the said Games and Plays have found Sureties to the King's Use, to be bound by Recognizance, or otherwise, no longer to use, keep, or occupy any such House, Play, Game or Place; and also that the Persons there so found be in like Cafe bound by themselves, or with Sureties, by the Discretion of the Justices, no more to play, haunt, or exercise from thenceforth in, at, or to any of the said Places, or at any of the said Games.

VI. And be it also enacted, That if any Justice of the Peace, or any other Juf- Neglecting tice herein before described, shall neglect or refuse so to do what is required of him h-reinfrofor-and them by this Act, such Justices so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit the Sum feic 20l.

of Twenty Pounds for every Offence; one Moiety whereof to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of tile Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Essoin, Protection,

Wager of Law, or Injunction shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterins projequi be entered. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prosecutions for any Offence against this Act, shall be commenced within Three Months next after such Offence committed.

[Proviso.]

VII. Provided that nothing in this Act extend to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons, who have Estates in Land, Negroes, or other Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or are worth the Sum of One thousand Pounds, after all their Debts are paid, and who do not keep publick Houses, from continuing or erecting any Billiard Table or Tables in his and their House or Houses, or from playing at, or permitting to be played at any of the said Games (Hazard or Passage excepted) for the private Recreation of themselves, and such of their Friends as may happen to be at their Ploufes, so as such Person or Persons playing at such Games, shall not lose above the Value of Twenty Pounds at any one Time or Sitting; and in case of any Prosecution for Breach of this Act, the Party prosecuted, or claiming the Benefit of the last mentioned Pro-

viso,

256

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 136.

1744.

Lotteries forbid.

Offenders forfeit ico I.

‘Jhis AS made perpetual by Act 145.Cl.I.

viso, shall prove the clear yearly Value of his Estate, or his Worth, after all his Debts paid; or the Estate or Worth of the Person in whose House he shall play, by an Affidavit for that Purpose to be made by such Party, before such Magistrate or Magistrates before whom they shall be prosecuted for such Offence: And in case such Magistrate, notwithstanding such Affidavit, shall conceive any Doubt relating to the clear yearly Value of the Estate or the Worth of such Person, such Magistrate may, if he thinks necessary, insist on the Par ties setting forth, in an Affidavit to be* made before him, the Particulars of such Estate, or how or in what Manner they compute themselves worth One thousand Pounds, and upwards, and in what such Worth consists.

VIII. And whereas several Persons have set up certain fraudulent Games and Lotteries, to be determined by the Chance of Cards and Dice, and Subscriptions have been carried on under the Denomination of Sales of Plate, Jewels, and other Goods, and Proposals or Schemes have been printed for the Sale of such Plate, Jewels, Goods, and other Things to be determined by Raffies, by Mathematical Engines or Machines, and by other indirect Ways, tending to defraud unwary Persons, ignorant of the Disadvantages Adventurers in the said Games and Lotteries are subject and liable to; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, declared and adjudged, That all such Lotteries are common and publick Nufances, and that all Grants, Patents and Licences for such Lotteries are void and contrary to Law. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of August, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall publickly or privately exercise, keep open, shew or expose to be played at, drawn at, or thrown at; or shall draw, play, or throw at any such Lottery, either by Dice, Lots, Cards, Balls, or any other Numbers or Figures, or any other Way whatsoever; or shall expose to Sale any House or Houses, Lands, Plate, Jewels, or other Goods, by any Lottery, Game, Method or Device whatsoever, depending upon, or to be determined by any Lot or Drawing, whether it be out of a Box or Wheel, or by Cards or Dice, or by any Machine, Engine, or Device of Chance of any Kind whatsoever: And that every Person or Persons that shall, after the said Twenty-fifth Day of August, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, exercise, expose, offer or shew to be played, thrown or drawn at any such Lottery, Play or Device, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof before any one Justice of the Peace, for any Parish or Precind, upon the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which said Oaths the said Justices are hereby authorized, impowered and required to administer) or upon the View of such Justice or Justices, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more Justices of such Parish or Precind where the Offence shall be committed; which said Forfeitures, when recovered, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Prosecution, shall go and be applied, one Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer. And be it also enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be Adventurers in any of the said Lottery or Lotteries, Sale or Sale', as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted by two or more Justices as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be applied and disposed of as aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act be printed, and that twelve Copies thereof be sent to each Custos Rotulorum, or Chief Magistrate of each respective Parish within this Bland, to be by him promulged according to his Discretion.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall commence from, and immediately after the said Twenty-fifth Day of August, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, and shall continue and be in Force for three Years, and from thence till the End of the then next £ession of Assembly, and no longer.

An Act i 37. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

2 57

An Act for ereSUng a Hoise or Edifice fior the Ufie of the Council and fi 744- Assembly, and fior the better prefierving of the publick Records, and fior the Reception of the small Arms.

WHEREAS it will be advantageous to the Publick, that a fit and conve- Act I37‘ nient House or Edifice be built for the Use of the Council and Assembly, and for the Conservation of the publick Records of this Island, which have heretofore suffered by Storms and Hurricanes, and by being frequently removed from House to House, at the Will of the respective Officers keeping the fame, and that an Armory be provided for keeping of finall Arms; may it t .erefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That a fit and convenient House or Edifice to be Edifice be built and erected in the Parade of the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, for /j* the r'urposes aforesaid and that the Honourable Hampfon Ned bam, Edmund Hyde, rega. and Charles Dawes, Esquires, the Honourable William Nedbam, Esq; Speaker of the Assembly, or the Speaker of the Assembly for the Time being, and Dennis Kelly, Charles Price, Rosie Fuller, Andrew Arcedeckne, Fojier March, Richard Beckford, John Hudson Guy, John Palmer, and John Ayscough, Esquires, fir all be, and they are hereby constituted and appointed Commissioners for designing, ered- Commissioning, ordering, and building such House or Edifice, and for maintaining, preserv- cr:>aPFomteding and suppurting the fame when built,

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's Council, shall meet together at the Court-House in St. Jago de la Vega, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of Septembert in the present Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, in order to proceed to put this Act in Execution; and shall, after such their first Meeting, as often as they, or any Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's Council, shall think proper, meet and alienable in such Places and at such Times as to them shall seem most convenient for the Purposes thereof*

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's Council, and they are hereby impowered, at any Time or Times at or after such their first Meeting, to design, assign, and lay out, how and in what Manner, and with what Materials the said intended House or Edifice shall be made, erected and built* and to make Contracts, and to do all Matters and Things for carrying on and effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and to cause the same to be efifedually done and perfeded accordingly,

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Stones, Bricks,

Planks, Boards, Iron, and all other Materials which shall be made Use of, for or towards building or making the said House or Edifice, or in or about the fame, or for maintaining, repairing, or suppjrting the fame, shall always be deemed to belong and appertain to, and be the Property of the said Commissioners*

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Sum not exceeding 6oooo/-appr°-Six thousand Pounds shall tie appropriated and applied towards erecting and build- building the ing the said House or Edifice; and Murray Crymble, Esq; or the Receiver- Edifice. General for the Time being, out of the Surplusage of all the Funds in his Hands unappropriated', shall pay the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds, dr any Part thereof, to the Order of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's Council, signified by Writing under their Hands.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Artificers Artificers to and others, who shall make any Contract or Agreement with the said Commis- 2Ive Security, sioners, for building or finiffiing all or any Part of the said House or Edifice intended to be built by virtue of the Powers given in and by this Act, or other Purposes herein mentioned, shall give Security, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's

T t t Council,

258

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 137,138.

1744-

Council, for the due Performance of all and every the Matters and Things contained in such Contracts or Agreements, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same.

Clerks,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

ed by The0 nt may lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and their Successors, or any Commission- Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Mi-.jesty's Council, at any Time or Times hereafter, by Writing or Writings under their Hands, to appoint such Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, and such other Officers as they shall think fit, for doing such Acts as may be necessary, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioners; which Clerks or other Officers shall, from Time to Time, be removable at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's Council, by Instrument in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any. Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's Council; and the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's Council, shall and may make such Allowances unto such Clerk or Clerks, or other Officers to be employed by and under the said Commissioners, for their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable.

VIII. Provided always, That no Person appointed, or to be appointed a Commissioner for putting this Act in Execution, or any of the Trust or Powers, as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner, during such Time as he shall have or execute any Office or Place of Profit by or under the Authority of this Act; or during such Time as he shall have any Share or Interest in any Contract or Agreement, for efteding the Purposes aforesaid.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for supporting and continuing a sufficient Number of fit and able Persons to be Commissioners, for putting in Execution the Powers and Trusts contained in this Act, when any of the

Five Com* said Commissioners shall die, or refuse to ad, the surviving or remaining Corn-may eka new or any Fiye or more of them, of which one to be of his Majesty's

ones, when a Council, shall, by Instrument in Writing under their Hands, from Time to Time Vacancy hap-e]ed, nominate and appoint, in the Room of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, or refusing to ad, so many more fit and able Persons out of the Council and Assembly; Notice being first given in the "Jamaica Gazette, or by a Writing fixed up in the Court-House in St. Jago de la Vega, at least Ten Days before that a general Meeting of the Commissioners will be held, for eleding Commissioners in the Room of such Persons as shall refuse to ad, or happen to die; and every new Commissioner so to be elected, nominated and appointed, shall have full Power and Authority to ad, and do in all Things relating to the Premisses, in as full, large, and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any of the Commissioners hereby nominated and appointed.

X. And it is hereby further declared, That this Act is a publick Act, and shall be deemed and taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, in all Courts and Places in this Island, without specially pleading the same.

An Act for vesting the Sum of Otis thousand Pounds, devised by the Last Will and Testament of Peter Beckford, Esq\ deceasedto the Poor of the Parish of St. Catharine in a Free-School in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega; and for ereBing a Corporation for the better Government thereof.

Act 138. "'IT WHEREAS Peter Beckford, late of the Parish of St. Catharine in this \\ Island, deceased, did, by his Last Will and Testament, bequeath the Peter Beck. $um of One thousand Pounds, towards the erecting a Free-School or Hospital in Pon'J^nmre s the said Parish of St. Catharine, provided such Building should be undertaken and begun within three Years after his Decease; and whereas the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, in order to intitle the said Parish to the Benefit of the said Donation, did, within the Time limited by the said Will, undertake and set on Foot

a Build-

Act i 38. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

259

it.

he

in-

f's

ae

rathe iya iiys rag i to ed, the

'tie

)W

this I the tal in land rc(ty 'Do-foot

a Building or Edifice on a certain Lot or Parcel of Land within the Town of St. 1744* jfafo *7? 7/2 Vega, and Parish aforesaid, belonging to the said Parish of St. Catha- v — v — J rine, upon which said Building the said Sum of One thousand Pounds, devised as aforesaid, hath since been expended and laid out; and also the further Sum of Two hundred Pounds, given and devised by the Last Will and Testament of John John Ellin Ellis, Esq; late of the said Parish, deceased; with which said Sums, together Esquire's Do-with the Contributions and Benefactions of divers other charitable and well-dif- nation* posed Persons, the said Building has been carried on, and is now near finished, together with such proper Out-houses, and Conveniencies thereunto belonging, as will render it commodious and fit for the Purpose of a Free-School; and whereas the said Peter Beckjord, by his said Last Will and Testament, did also give and bequeath the further Sum of One thousand Pounds to the Poor of the said Parish of St. Catharine, to be distributed at the Discretion of Bathfkua, Widow and Relief! of the said Peter Beckjord, and John Scot, Clerk, late Rector of the said Parish, who died in the Life-time of the said Testator; whereby the Di-ftribution and Application of the said Sum of One thousand Pounds remained solely with the said Batkjhua Beckford: And whereas the said Bathfma Beckjord is willing that the said last mentioned Sum of One thousand Pounds should be given and applied towards the endowing of a Free-School in the said Parish of St. Catharine, provided she be indemnified and saved harmless for such Application > and whereas the applying the said last mentioned Sum of One thousand Pounds, in Manner aforesaid, will be of a more useful and lading Advantage to the Poor of the said Parish, than if the fame had been distributed according to the Letter of the said Will i and as the said first mentioned Sum of One thousand Pounds, so devised as aforesaid, and already laid out on the said Building, together with all the other Sums that have been hitherto expended, .will be rendered useless, and of no Effect, without the Aid of the Legislature for endowing the fame, and for pro- 1 moting, establishing, and making good and effectual the said pious and charitable Intentions; and whereas, if such an Establishment be once made, there is good Reason to hope, that it will, by the present and future Donations, be completed and continued for the Benefit of Posterity; we therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last men-Ketef^fk- . tioned Sum of One thousand Pounds, devised by the Last Will and Testament of Legacy of the said Peter Beckford, Esq; deceased, to be given and distributed to the Poor of10001- aPP]‘-the Parish of St. Catharine, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be vest- of the^ree- ed in, and the said Sum of One thousand Pounds is hereby vested in the Gover- School, nors of the said School herein after mentioned, to and for the Use of the said Free-School, absolutely freed and discharged of and from all Trusts, Claims and Demands whatsoever, declared or expressed of and concerning the same, in and by the said Last Will and Testament of the said Peter Beckford, deceased.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the paf- Governor? in-sing of this Act, there be, and shall be a Corporation, to continue for ever, to and corPorated-for the better regulating, governing, ordering and establishing the said Free-School; and that his Excellency Edward Trelawney, Esq; Captain-General, Governor, and Commander in Chief of this Island, or the Governor or Commander in Chief of the said Island for the Time being; the Honourable John Stewart,

Esq; Lieutenant Governor, or the Lieutenant Governor for the Time being-; Sir Simon Clarke, Baronet, and the Honourable Hampfon Nedham, Thomas Rodon,

Edmund Hyde, Charles Dawes, and Isaac Gale, Esquires, Members of the Council, and the Honourable the Council for the Time being; the Honourable William Nedham, Esq; Speaker of the Assembly, or the Speaker of the Assembly for the Time being; Andrew Arccdeckne, Thomas Ayscough, Robert Byndlofs, William Morris, Benjamin Hume, Edward Manning, James Ord, Richard Beckjord, Robert Philips, William Peete, Charles Price, William Wytiter, Robert Bennet, Benjamin Pusey, William Beckford, Thomas Fearon, junior, David Olyphant, Barnart Andriefs Woodflock, Norwood Witter, William Hall, William Cuningham, Thomas BeckjordWilliam Bucknor, Benjamin Lawrence, Jonathan Barnat, Barrow Har-

8 ris.

26o

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i 38.

1744. ris, Samuel Whitekorne, Ballard Bedford, John Hudson-Guy, William Baldwin, V/TV Fofler March, William Thomas, Abraham Richardson, Peter Valette, John EKetfon, and Henry Dawkins, Esquires, Members of the present Assembly, and the Members of the Assembly for the Time being, the honourable Dennis Kelly, Esquire, Chief Justice, and the Chief Justice for the Time being, and the Honourable Rose Fuller, Martin Wilkins, John Palmer, John Gale, and John Ay [cough, Esquires, Assistant Judges, and the Assistant Judges for the Time being, Edward Charlton, Thomas Barritt, Samuel Williams, Francis March, and Thomas Gardner, Esquires, the Reverend Calvin Galpine, Clerk, and John Wallin, Esquire, and their Successors, shall be, and are hereby declared and adjudged to be one Body Corporate and Politick, in Deed and in Law, by the Name of the Governors of the Free-School of St. Jago de la Vega; and that by the fame Name of the Governors of the Free-School of St. Jago de la Vega they shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, with Power to change, alter, break, and make new the fame, when and as often as they shall judge expedient; and by the fame Name may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, answer and be answered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record, and Places of Judicature within this Island; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, poflcfs, and retain to them and their Successors, in Trust to and for the Benefit of the said Charity, all such Sum and Sums of Money as have been contributed and raised, particularly the said last mentioned Sum of One thousand Pounds, so devised by the said Peter Beckford, as aforesaid, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter l e raised and contributed, given, devised or bequeathed by any charitable and well-disposed Persons, to and for the charitable Ends and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time hereafter, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, or receive any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interest arising or deriving out of the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Five of the Governors shall form a General Court of the said Corporation > and the major Part of such Number so assembled together, in such General Court, shall be inverted with the full Power and Authority of the said Corporation, to all Intents and Purposes as if all the Governors of the said Corporation were present; and that all such Assemblies shall be held in the said Building so intended for the said Free-School.

Land and V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Site of Building vest-the Building in the said Town of St .Jago de la Vega, intended for the said potion.C°r" Free-School, and all the Ground and Soil intended for the Accommodation of the fame, are hereby verted in the said Corporation and their Successors for ever; And that they the said Governors, and their Successors, to be elected and named in the Manner herein after directed and appointed, shall and may, at the Expence, Costs, and Charges of the said Corporation, proceed in carrying on and completing the said Building begun for that Purpose, for the Reception of one or more Master or Masters, and for the Education of such and so many poor Children as by the said Governors, or the major Part of these present at a General Court so ‘assembled as aforesaid, shall or may be deemed and adjudged, and can and may, by, from, or with the Income and Revenues which shall or may belong or appertain to the said Free-School, be capable to be entertained and instructed therein.

s^CatlerlL' ‘^lND further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every poor to have the Child or Children; those of the Parish of St. Catharine always to have the Pre-Preference of ference, is and are, and they are hereby respectively declared to have a Right,

A mission. an(} entj(.|ecj to 'oe educated in the said Free-School, in Reading, Writing, Grammar, Arithmetick, and other Mechanical and Practical Knowledge, without any Costs or Charges whatsoever; such Child or Children, or so many of them to be chosen and admitted into the fame, from Time to Time, in such Manner, and under such Conditions and Regulations, as the said Governors, in their General Court so assembled, as aforesaid, shall appoint.

5 Governors to form a Court.

Act 138,139. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 261

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a General Court of 1744*

the said Governors shall have full Power to dispose of the Monies hereby veiled -

in the said Corporation* or that shall hereafter be vested in the fame 5 and they are Governors hereby authorized and impowered to lay the fame out at Interest, or in the Pur- impowered to chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or any Estates, or Interests arising or derived M^ney.V!-.6 out of any Lands or Tenements whatsoever, together with the Yearly Value of

all such other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; or of such Estates or Interests arising, or derived out of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as the Corporation, or their Successors, shall any otherwise acquire or take, in virtue of this Act, for the Use of the said Corporation and their Successors, for the Benefit of the said Free-School; and with and under their Common Seal to enter into any Covenants or Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, as they shall think fit, for the better effecting and carrying on the Charity hereby intended : And the said Governors, or any General Court of them, are hereby impowered to appoint and choose one or more Mailer or Mailers, for teaching and inffrudting the Children intended to be the Objects of the said Charity 5 and also such Officer or Officers, Servant and Servants, and other Person or Persons, to be employed for the Purposes herein mentioned and intended, or other the Affairs of the said Corporation; and to direct and appoint such Salaries Perquisites, or other Rewards for their Labour or Service therein, as they shall approve of or think proper; and at their Pleasure to remove, displace, and supply such Mailer or Mailers, Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, and other Person or Persons, to be employed for the Purposes herein mentioned or intended, or other the Affairs of the said Corporation, and other fit and able Persons to chuse in their room, and to do, manage, transact, and determine all such other Matters and Things as shall to them, or a General Court of them, appear necessary or convenient, for the effecting or carrying on the Purposes hereby intended.

VII. And to the Intent that there never may be wanting a competent Number of Members or Governors of the said hereby erected Corporation, for perpetuating the Succession thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governors, or such General Court of them as aforesaid, to elect'such and so many other Governors as to them shall seem convenient.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Ancj to ma^e may be lawful to and for the said Governors, in such General Court as afore- Laws, &V-iiiid, to make, ordain, and constitute such, and so many Bye-laws, Conlti-tutions, and Ordinances, as to them and the greater Part of such General Court

shall seem necessary and convenient for the finishing the said Building, and for the better governing, regulating, ordaining, and establishing of the said hereby erected Corporation; and the Master or Masters, Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants,

Person and Persons by them, in and about the Affairs to be employed of and concerning the said Free-School, and the poor Children and others to be educated in the said School, and for the auditing the Accounts of the said Free-School; and the fame By-laws, Orders, Ordinances, and Constitutions so made, to put in Ule accordingly; and at their Will and Pleasure to revoke, change, and alter the fame: Which said By-laws, Orders, and Ordinances, so as aforesaid made, shall be duly kept and observed, so always as the said Constitutions, Bylaws, Orders, and Ordinances be reasonable, and not contrary or repugnant to the Laws of Great Britain, and this Island.

An Act for adding of Commissioners to those already appointed, to inspeB the Buildings that are to be ereBed at the Bath in the Pari ft) of St. Thomas in the East.

WHEREAS the good Intention of the several Acts heretofore made, for Act 139.

rendering the Bath in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East useful to the Publick, hath been rendered ineffectual, for Want of a competent Number of Commissioners to carry the fame into Execution; may it therefore please your

U u u most-

262

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 139,14°*

1744. most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That Charles Price, William Wynter, Matthew Gregory, John Elletfon, William Forbes, Samuel Wheeler, Peter Vallette, and Edward Hoagins, Esquires, be, and they are hereby added to the Commissioners heretofore appointed for the Purposes of the said several Acts; and that the said Commissioners have the fame Powers and Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in all or either of the said Acts 5 any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for makitig and opening a Road fit for Wheel-Carriages, frotn the Parish of St. Anne to the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale; and for impowering other Trustees to execute so jnnch of the Trufis as remain unexecuted by or under art AB, etitituled, An Act for vesting the Estate Real and Personal of Thomas Finchj late of the Parish of Kingston, Esquire, in Trustees, the better to enable his Securities to pay the Sum of Three Thousand and Eight hundred Pounds, due from the said Thomas Finchy as Commissioner to the Publick of this Island.

Act 140.WHEREAS opening a Road wide enough for Wheel-Carriages, from

W the Parish of St. Anne to the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, would be of great Service, not only to the Inhabitants of each of the said Parishes, but likewise of great Importance to the Publick; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, for the effecting so necessary a Work, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it •maybe enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of St. Anne, and they are hereby required and impowered to levy and One Negroe allot one able Negroe Man-Slave, out of every Fifty Slaves, to be employed in the bef]evfed°for ma^nS and opening a Road, from the Gate of Thomas Price, Esq; in the Parish the Road. of St. Anne, to the House of Mr. George Ivy, junior, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, fit for any Wheel-Carriages; and they are likewise impowered and obliged to agree with and hire any Person or Persons in and for such Undertaking, at any certain Price, or for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, and to insped: and direct the said Work, and to oversee and direct the Negroes to be employed on the said Road till he or they shall complete the same.

II. And as some Persons may refuse or neglect to fend their Negroes, or respective £>iiotas to be employed on the said Road; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall refuse or neglect to fend his or their respective Proportions of Slaves, well equipped with proper and necessary Tools, shall forfeit the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence fer Head per Day, for every such Refusal or Neglect; which shall be recovered by Warrant of Distress, issued under the Hand and Seal of any one Justice, directed to any sworn Constable, who shall be, and is hereby obliged and required, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to make Distress and Sale, by publick Outcry, on the Mules, Cattle, or other Goods, of every such Person so neglecting or refuting; which several Forfeitures shall be employed in defraying the Expences of the said Road. And, as it may be necessary to cut Wood and burn Lime in carrying on the said Road

III. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, imployed in making the said Road fit for any Wheel-Carriages, to cut Wood and burn Lime in any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road, in such Manner as he or they shall judge necessary in the carrying on the said Work j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. 2 IV. And

I

Ac-!1140,141. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

263

IV. And whereas Samuel Vafjal, John Clarke, and William Norris, Esquires, 1744. Trustees nominated and appointed in an Act, entituled, An Act for vefing the Estate real and personal of Thomas Finch, late in the Par if of Kingston, Esq-, in Trustees, the better to enable his Securities to pay the Sum of Three Thousand and

Eight hundred Pounds, due from the said Thomas Finch, as Commifioner, to the Publick oj this If and, passed in June One thousand seven hundred and eleven, are all dead, and there are no Representatives of the Survivor of them in this Island, whereby the said Trust: remains unexecuted; te it therefore further enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Robert Phil- verted in new lips, Edward Manning, and William Peete, Esquires, be, and they are hereby Trustees-nominated and appointed Trustees, in the Room of the said deceased Samuel Vassal, John Clarke, and William Norris, Esquires, Trustees in the said Act mentioned; and that 3II such Part of the Estate, real and personal, late of the said Thomas Finch, as remains undisposed of by the said Trustees, pursuant to the said Act, be, and the fame is hereby vested in the said Robert Phillips, Edward Manning, and William Peete, and their Heirs, upon the Trust, and to the Use in the said Act, in as full, large, and ample Manner as the fame was vested in the aforesaid Trustees, or either of them; and with all such Powers and Authorities as the said Trustees, or either of them, had by the said Act; and that they, or any Two of them, may execute the aforesaid Trust, and do all Acts and Things necessary to the Execution thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act is a publick Act, and shall be deemed and taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices, and others, in all Courts and Places in this Island, without specially pleading the same.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, entituled,\ An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and for making free and rewarding a Negroe named Hector, belonging to Thomas Fuller,

Esq\ and paying his said Master the Value of the said Negroe.

WHEREAS by the said Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Act 141. Government of Slaves, it is among other Things enacted, That upon Complaint made to any Justice of the Peace of any Felony, Burglary, Robbery,

Burning of Houses, Canes, Rebellious Conspiracies, or any other Capital Offence whatsoever, he, the said Justice, should iftiie out his Warrant for the apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and for all Persons to come before him that could give Evidence (and the Evidence of one Slave against another, in that and all other Cases, should be deemed good and sufficient Proof) and if upon Examination it probably appeared, that the apprehended were guilty, he should commit him, her, or them to Prison, and certify to the next Justice the Cause, and require him, by virtue of the said Act, to associate himself to him, which such Justice is thereby required to do; and they so associated should issue out their Warrant to summon Three Freeholders, setting forth to them the Matter, and requiring them, at a certain Day and Hour, and at such a Place as the Justices or Vestry, or the Justices, where no Vestry was, should, as by the fttid Act directed, appoint for such Trials; at which Time and Place the said Justices and Freeholders should causej the said Offender or Offenders, and Evidence, to come before them; and if they, on hearing of the Matter (the said Freeholders being by the Justices first sworn to judge uprightly and according to Evidence, which Oaths the said Justices were by the said Act impowered and required to administer) should judge the Criminal or Criminals guilty of the Offence complained of, they or the major Part of them, of whom one to be a Justice, as in all Trials within the said Act, should give Sentence of Death, Transportation, Dif-membering, or any other Punishment, as they in their Judgment should think meet to inflict; and forthwith by their Warrant, cause immediate Execution ft) be done by the common or any other Executioner (Women with Child only excepted.

264 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i4r.

Explanation of Act 38, Cl. XXVI.

[Proviso.]

1744. cepted, who are hereby reprieved till after Delivery;) and if they judge not the Criminals to die for any Crime, but to receive corporal Punishment, that the Owner, as a Recompence, pay unto the Party or Parties injured a certain Sum of Money; and in case the Owner or Owners refused to pay the said Sum, the said Justices and Freeholders might adjudge the said Criminal or Criminals to the Party or Parties injured, his, her, or their Heirs for ever. And by the said Act it is further enacted, That if any Slave or Slaves should compass or imagine the Death of any white Person, and thereof be attainted by open Deed before Two Justices and Three Freeholders, such Slave or Slaves should buffer Death, any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And in the said Act it is provided, that when and as often as any of the aforementioned Crimes are committed by more than one Slave that should deserve Death (Murder only excepted) that then, and in all such Cases, only one of the Criminals should buffer Death as exemplary to the rest, who were to be returned to the‘Owners, after having received such Corporal Punishment as the said Justices and Freeholders aforesaid should think fit to inflict. On which Proviso Doubts have arisen, whether the Justices and Freeholders could by the said Act give Sentence of Death against more than one Slave for one and the fame Crime; and whether they could order any to be transported for any of the aforesaid Crimes, except in Cases where a Murder had been actually committed : For obviating which Doubts, and for ap Explanation of the said Act, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and declared; and be it enacted and declared by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority of the same, That it was the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act, that the Crime of compafting and imagining the Death of any white Person, by any Slave or Slaves, should be deemed and adjudged a Crime of ashigh a Nature as the Crime of Murder, and should be punished as such, and was excepted, or meant to be excepted, fvithin the said

II. And whereas a Conspiracy has been lately formed by several Slaves in this Island, to destroy and desert the Settlements and Plantations to which they belonged, and to murder their Masters, Mistresses, Overseers, and many Families of white Persons; and that there is Room to apprehend that a general Massacre of the white People was intended, in case the Conspirators had succeeded in their first Attempts; and whereas in this, and in every Cafe of the like Nature, it may be necessary, for the publick Peace and Safety, that more than one of the Conspirators should suffer Death, and that none of them, especially the Leaders, should remain in this Island, where they would preserve their bloody and rebellious Spirits; be it therefore further enacted and declared, That if any Negroe or other Slave or Slaves have, before the making of this Act, been engaged in any rebellious Conspiracy, or have compassed and imagined the Death of any white Person or Persons in this Island, or shall hereafter be engaged in any such Conspira-racy, or shall compass and imagine the Death of any white Person, and be

ima in‘n the thereof attainted by open Deed, before Two justices of the Peace and Three Free-De2hofSa e holders, every such Slave or Slaves shall suffer Death, Transportation, or any white Person, other Punishment which the said Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of them, in the same Manner as is directed by the said recited Act, shall think necessary for the publick Welfare and Safety, although the bloody Purposes of such Slave or Slaves be prevented before any Murder hath been or shall be committed; any thing in the said Proviso to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas Slaves have been tried, before the making of this Aid, for compafting and imagining the Death of White Persons, pursuant to the said Abl for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and the Justices and Freeholders have given Sentence of Death against more Slaves than one, for one and the fame Offence, and have ordered others to be transported, and the said Slaves have been executed and transported accordingly; it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Trials, Sentences, Executions, and Proceedings were and are just and legal.

8 IV. And

Slaves comparing or to suffer Death.

Acti4-i,i42' The LAWS of JAMAICA.

265

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all other 1744-

capital Offences whatsoever, committed by Negroe or other Slaves after the pass- '---

ing this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Freeholders, before justices and such Negroe or other Slaves shall be tried, to put to such Death as to the said Tuf- freeholder.

o i ciicretionary

tices and Freeholders shall seem expedient, such, and so many of such Negroe power. or other Slave's convicted before them of any capital Crime, as they shall think convenient for the publick Safety 3 or to transport such Slave or Slaves, or inflict such other Punishment upon them as in their Discretion they shall think fit 3 anything in the said former recited Proviso to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas the late detestable Conspiracy was discovered by a Negroe Man-Slave, named HeBor, belonging to 'Thomas Fuller, Esq; whereby the Execution of the said Conspiracy hath been happily prevented 3 be it therefore enact-

ed by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Negroe, named HeBor, be inime- UeBor made diately, from and after the passing of this Act, manumised and set free, and he free, is hereby manumised and set free from all Manner of Slavery whatsoever 3 and that Murray Crimble, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, do immediately pay to the said Negroe the Sum of Thirty Pounds 3 and do also, on the Sixth of December annually, during the Life of the said Negroe, pay to him the like Sum of Thirty Pounds; and that the said Murray Crimble, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, do also pay to the said Thomas Fuller the Sum of One hundred Pounds, in full Satisfaction for the said Negroe.

An Act to regulate the felling of Gun-powder, and to prevent the felling of Fire-Arms to Slaves.

WHEREAS, by the Sale of Gunpowder without Restriction, it often falls Act 142.

into the Hands of Negroe and other Slaves, which may prove of pernicious Consequence to the Inhabitants of this Island, if not timely prevented 3 may it please your Moll; Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Eland, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever No Person to within this Island shall, after the One and Twentieth Day of February next, fell, ^I]^nde[ or otherwise dispose of by Retail, in any Quantity less than Twelve Pounds Gun-powder, Weight, any Sort of Gunpowder to any Person whatsoever within this Eland, without a Li-(except as herein after is excepted) before such Person shall have first obtained a cence' Licence, under the Hand and Seal of the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being; which Licence is not to be granted but upon a Certificate from the Justices and Vestry of the Parish where such Person resides, that he is duly qualified, and fit to be trusted with the Sale of such Powder; which Certificate shall be recorded in the Secretary's Office before such Licence shall be granted; and such Person or Persons, obtaining such Licence or Licences as aforesaid, shall be obliged, before he or they shall vend, fell, or dispose of any Powder, to take the following Oath before a Justice of the Peace of the Precinct where he or they reside, viz.

A.B. do swear, That I will not vend', fell, or dispose of or suffer any Person The Oath to or Persons in my Service or Employ, or under my Commandto vend, fell, or r^en dispose of any Gunpowder to any White Person or Persons, not knowing them to be House-keepers, unless such Person or Persons fall have a Certificate from some fujlice of the Peace of the Precinct where he or they fall reside, or Commission - Offcer of the Company or Troop of Militia to which he or they belong, that they are Persons proper to be entrufied with the fame 3 and that I will not vend, fell, dispose of, or deliver or suffer to be vended, fold, disposed of, or delivered to any free Mulatto,

Negroe, or Indian, any Powder without a Certificate from the Captain of the Company in the PrecmB to which he belongs 3 and that I will not vend, fell, dispose of, or deliver, or suffer to be vended, fold, disposed of, or delivered, any Powder, to any Mulatto, Negroe, cr Indian Slave, upon any Pretence whatsoever.

So help me God.

And

X x x

:66

The LAWS of JAMAICA Act i 42.

1744

L censed Persons to give ^00 1. Securi.

:y-

One Retailer in e2chTovvn

s;ol. Penalty for felling Gunpowder to Negroes

or Fire-Arms.

Retailers to keep all their Powder, except 2 Barrels, in the Maga-/ Ine.

Price of Gunpowder to be settled by the justices and Vefhies.

[Proviso.]

Recovery of Fines.

And that no Person shall have a Licence granted unto him or them, for the Sale of Powder, as aforesaid, without first becoming bound to our Sovereign Lord the King in a Bond, with diffident Surety or Sureties, in the Secretary's Office of this Idand, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for the due Performance of the said Trust, agreeable to the said Oath; and that there shall not be Licences granted to more than one Person in each of the three Towns of St. Jago de la Ftga, Pori Royal, and Kingston, where Powder shall be sold by Retail as aforesaid only, (except as herein after is excepted;) and for each of which Licences the Person or Persons to whom they are granted shall pay for the fame, together with the Bond, to the Secretary of this Island, the Sum of Fifteen Shillings, and no more; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, not having a Licence as aforesaid, shall vend, fell, dispose of, or deliver any Gunpowder by Retail in a Quantity less than Twelve Pounds Weight, (except as herein after is excepted) under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, and of suffering Six Months imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall, Ten Days after the passing of this Act, fell to any Negroe, or other Slave, any Gun-powder, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall suffer Six Months Imprisonment; and if any Person, having a Licence to fell Powder, shall fell to any Negroe, or other Slave, any Quantity of Gun-powder, after the above limited Time, every such Person, over and above the said Forfeiture and Imprisonment, shall be guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be punished accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall, Ten Days after the passing this Act, fell to any Slave or Slaves any Gun, Pidol, or other Fire-Arms, under the Penalty of forfeiting Fifty Pounds, and of suffering Six Months Imprisonment.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person so licensed to fell Powder and Ammunition in any of the Three Towns, shall, in order to prevent any Dangers that may happen, be obliged to put and keep all his Powder, except the Quantity of Two Barrels at a Time, in the Magazines; and the Captain of the Fort, and all others that have the Custody of the said Magazines, or any of them, are hereby obliged and required to receive and keep the said Powder, and deliver out the same as Occasion shall require, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds; for which he shall have and receive from the Owner at and after the Rate of Two Shillings and Six-Pence per Barrel.

V. And to prevent such Persons to whom such Licences shall be granted, as aforesaid, from extorting or demanding a larger Price than what is common and usual for Gun-powder; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That they, or any of them, shall not demand or receive any greater Prices than such as shall from Time to Time be settled by the Justices and Vedries of the said respective Towns, or the major Part of them, for the bed Pidol-powder, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for every such Offence; to be recovered upon the Oath of any One White Person, before any of his Majesty's judices of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; one Half whereof shall be to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it nevertheless excepted and further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of each Parish, or the Captain or Commanding Officer of each Troop or Company belonging to any of the Regiments of Militia within this Idand, to fell to any Person or Persons belonging to his or their Regiment, Troop, or Company, any Quantity of Powder not exceeding Two Pounds at any one Time.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority, aforesaid, That all Penalties in this Act mentioned, exceeding Forty Shillings, and not said how they shall be recovered, shall be recovered in his Majesty's Supreme Court of Judicature of this Idand, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or Non vult ulterius prefcqui be entered; any Law, Cudom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding;

5

Act 142,143. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

267

ing; one Half of which Penalties or Forfeitures shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the contingent Charges of the Government of this Island; and the other Half to him or them who shall sue for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do forthwith cause this Act to be printed, and Copies thereof transmitted to the Justices and Vestries of the respective Parishes in this Island; and do also forthwith cause a Copy thereof to be fixed up in the moil noted Place of each of the said Three Towns.

1744.

*4y* 'vv* *jy* W'. ^yv» .yv* yu- yh «yv»

An Act to i?npower Alexander Inglis, Clerk, ReSlor of the Parish 1745. of St, Andrew,' and all future ReSlors of the said Parish, to r~mJ grant Leases of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the said Rectory, for a Number of Years certain.

WHEREAS Alexander Inglis, Clerk, Rector of the Parish of St. An Act 143.

drew, in this Island, is feiled in Right of his Rectory of a certain Piece or Parcel of Land, situated, lying, and being in the said Parish, containing, by Estimation, Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts; which said Piece or Parcel of Land is now, and hath for many Years last past been called and known by the Name and Denomination of the Glebe Land of the said Parish of St. A?tdrew

And whereas great Part of the aforementioned Parcel of Land lies far from the Church, and the Rector of the said Parish can have little or no Benefit therefrom, except the fame be rented out; And whereas near one Third Part of the said Land is now wake, uninclosed and untenanted, and of no Manner of Advantage to the said Rector, and is, without the Interposition of the Legislature, likely so to remain and continue; and the other Part thereof is leased out at an Under-Rate, by Reason that the Rector of the said Parish hath no Power or Authority by Law to lease or demise the said afore-mentioned Premisses, or any Part thereof, for a longer Time than he shall continue Rector there; and all Leases by him granted expire at his Death, or other sooner Determination of his Incumbency; whereby all Persons are discouraged from renting and improving the Waste Lands, from the Precariousness and Uncertainty of the Term which they have or can have therein; and the Tenants of those already rented, for the fame Cause, are unwilling to make those Improvements, by Building and otherwise, which they would be induced and inclined to do, in case their Term was certain : And whereas the giving a Power to the said Alexander Inglis, and all future Redors of the said Parish, to lease the greatest Part of the Lands for a Number of Years certain, provided the fame was done at the best improved Rent that could be got for such Lands, would be of great Advantage to the said Alexander Inglis, and his Successors, Redors of the said Parish, to the Tenants who now occupy any Part of the said Lands, and likewise to the Community, as it would be a Means of cultivating some Lands now lying waste and of noUfe, and of the further and better improving others, and could be of no Prejudice to any Person or Persons whatsoever; we therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, at the humble Petition of the said Alexander Inglis, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That for the Time to come, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Alexander Inglis, Clerk,

Rector of the said Parish of St. Andrew, and all who shall be Redors thereof in Time to come, to grant Leases of the afore-mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land, Rectors to or any Part thereof, except such Part thereof as is herein after exceped, for any Number of Years certain, not exceeding One and Twenty Years; which Leases fb to be granted shall continue in full Force and Eflred, and be valid for the holding the said Land, or such Part thereof as shall be included in such Leases for the Terms in the said Leases mentioned, notwithstanding the Death or other Determination

268

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 14.3.

LeiTor not to take any Fine.

Penalty?

New Leases not to be granted till the old are expired.

mination of the Incumbency of the said Alexander lnglis, or any of his Successors, granting the fame j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That the bed improved Rent that can be got for such Lands so to be granted, be reserved in the said Leases for the Benefit of the Rector granting the fame, and his Successors; and that no Consideration whatsoever, other than the said Rent, be given, granted, allowed, or taken for the same.

III. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Alexander lnglis, and all future Rectors of the said Parish, shall not in any Case, or upon any Pretence whatsoever, take or receive, or suffer to be taken or received, by any Person or Persons, for his or their Use and Benefit, any Fine, Fee, Reward, Sum of Money, or Consideration for the granting such Leases, other than the Rent reserved in such Leases payable to the Rector granting such Leases, and his Successors, under the Penalty of forfeiting treble the Value of such Fine, Fee, Reward, Sum of Money, or Consideration, (other than the Rent reserved as aforesaid) so taken and received; and likewise of a further Sum of fifty Pounds to him or them who shall sue for the said Penalties, and the Leases so granted, for or by Reason or upon Account of any such Fine, Fee, Reward, Sum of Money, or Consideration, other than the Rent reserved, shall be ipso fadlo void, and the Land so corruptly leased, or intended to be leased, shall go to and be vested in the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, and their Successors; to be by them rented out, or otherwise disposed of at their Discretion, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, during the Life of the Rector, taking such Fine, Fee, Reward, Sum of Money, or Consideration, other than the Rent reserved; and the said Rector, for such his Offence, shall for ever after be deprived from granting any more Leases of the said Land, or any Part thereof; and if he doth, after such Offence, grant any Leases thereof, they shall be utterly void.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Alex~ ander lnglis, and all future Rectors of the said Parish, shall not grant any Leases of any Part of the said Land which is now granted or leased out, or which hereafter shall be granted or leased out, until the Leases already granted, or which hereafter shall be granted by virtue of this Act, shall be expired, surrendered, or otherwise determined j and if they shall grant such Leases before such Expiration, Surrender, or other Determination of the Leases now in being, or which shall be in being, such Leases shall be utterly void and of no Effect.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Alexander lnglis, and all future Rectors of the said Parish, before he or they shall grant any Leases by virtue of this Act, shall appear before the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, and take the following Oath

Oath to be T A. £>. Re hi or of this Parish of St. Andrew, do swear, Lb at I will not, during tors6 granting" A. ^me ^shall continue Rector of the said Parish, take or receive, or fuf'er to Leases. be taken or received, by any Person or Persons for my Use and Benefit, any Fine, Fee, Reward, Sum of Money, or Consideration, of and for granting Leases of the Glebe Land of the said Parish, other than the Rent which shall be reserved in the said Leases, payable to me and my Succef 'ors j and that in granting J'uch Leases I will do nothing willingly that may be a Prejudice to my Successors. So help me God.

Which Oath shall be entered and recorded in the Vestry-Book, and shall be subscribed by the Person taking the same.

Land except*

VI. And whereas a certain Part of the aforementioned Parcel of Land, now in the Occupation of John Flen Barnett, bounding North on the Old Church-Yard, Easterly on the Glebe, South upon Land formerly of Reeves and Lruxton, Westerly and North-weflerly on Lhorn and Glebe Land, containing by Estimation Thirty Acres, be the fame more or less, may be of Use to the said Alexander lnglis, and to the future Rectors of the said Parish, for the Depaflurage of his and their Cattle, and the Maintenance of his and their Families j be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lid next immediately aforementioned

Act 143,144. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 269

mentioned Part of the said Land shall be excepted out of this Act, and shall 1745. not be leased otherwise, or for a longer Time than if this Act had never been ' — v~ — made.

An Act to prevent Abuses co??i?nitted by entertaining, concealing, or carrying off this Island, any of his Majesty s Soldiers belonging to any of the Regiments that now are, or hereafter shall be in this If and; or any of the Seamen, or others belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels of IVar on this Station.

WHEREAS great Abuses have been of late committed by carrying off Act 144.

this Island, and by seducing and entertaining several of his Majesty's Soldiers belonging to the Regiment and Companies of this Kland, and also several of the Seamen and others belonging to his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War on this Station; whereby such Ships and Vessels of War, as also the Regiment and Companies of this Island, have been often found deficient of their respective Complements of Men, which has often proved an Inconvenience and Hindrance to his Majesty's Service on several Occasions, and may, if not timely prevented, in the End be of fatal Consequence to this Island, and the Inhabitants thereof, in case of any foreign Invasion, or sudden Insurrection of Negroes; for preventing which dangerous Practices, and the Mischiefs that might arise thereby, several Acts of the Legislature of this Island have been made and passed; but by Reason the Letter of the said Acts only extended to the then several Independent Companies of this Island, the good Design and Intention of the said Laws may in a great measure be frustrated, and the Force and Penalties thereof be evaded, by means of the said several Independent Companies being now incorporated and made a Regiment: For supplying therefore the said Defect in the said former Laws, and for preventing the Mischiefs that may arise thereby, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by your Majesty's Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of _"Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person whatsoever shall detain, No Person to hire, conceal, employ, or entertain on Board or on Shore, or carry off, or at- entertain.hire, tempt to carry off this Island, either as a Sailor or Passenger, or upon any other soldiers or Pretence whatsoever, any Soldier belonging, or that shall hereafter belong, to the Sailors be-Regiment that now is, or to any Regiment that shall hereafter arrive or be in this Iviafefty C° hlS Island, without a Discharge from the Captain of the respective Company he belongs to; nor any Seaman or other Person, belonging, or shall hereafter belong, to any of Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, employed or to be employed on this Station, without a Discharge from the Commanding Officer, or Captain of the Ship or Vessel such Seaman or other Person belongs or did belong to, under the Penalty of Penajtv> Fifty Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection, Injunction, Imparlance, Non vnlt ulterius profeqni, or Wager of Law shall be allowed or granted; any thing in this, or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Person so Soldiers, bfc. carried off, or attempted to be carried off, detained, hired, employed, or enter-employedor tained, shall be Evidence against the Person so offending, as aforesaid; and one hive Half the Moiety of the Penalties in this Act mentioned, and so to be recovered as afore- Fine for in-said, shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and to-form,ng‘ wards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him, her, or them who shall sue or prosecute for the fame; any thing in this Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do, immediately after the passing of this Act, cause the same to be printed, and Copies thereof to be fixed up at the most noted Places in the

270

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 145.

1745. Three Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Port Royal, and Kingston; the Charge whereof shall be allowed him by the Receiver-General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated. And this Act shall continue in Force for one Year, and no longer.

1747. An Act for amending and perpetuating an Act, entituled, An Act for the paore effectual preventing of Gaming, and Suppression of Lotteries.

Act 145.

Act 136 made perpetual.

Justices Co issue Warrants for seizing Billiard-Tables, &c.

and sell them at publick Outcry.

Persons keeping Gaming-Houses rendered incapable of retailing Liquor, (etc.

WHEREAS the Act, entituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing of Gaming, and Suppression of Lotteries, passed the Ninth Day of July, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, is near expiring j and whereas it is for the publick Good that the said Act should be continued and amended; may it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted : Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, entituled, An Act for the more effedlaal preventing of Gaming, and Suppression of Lotteries, be, and the fame and every Clause, Article, Matter and Thing therein contained, is, and are hereby continued and declared perpetual; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas divers Tavern-keepers, and other Retailers of Liquors, with Intent to evade the said recited Law, have kept and maintained Billiard-Tables, and Shovel-board Tables, in Out-houses, and other Rooms and Apartments adjoining to, or at a small Distance from their several Dwellings j and have lent and let, or hired out such Out-houses, Rooms and Apartments, to evil-disposed Persons, who have, under Pretence of such Lease or Lending, continued openly to play, and invite and encourage others to play at the said respective Games of Billiards and Shovel-boards j be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of August, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fortyrseven, upon Oath made before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Billiard-Table, or Shovel-board Tables being erected, set up, let out by, or kept erected or set up in any House, Out-house or Place, in the Occupation or Possession of any Tavern-keeper, or other Retailer of Liquors in any Parish in this Island, or in the Possession or Occupation of any Under-tenants of such Tavern-keepers or Retailers of Liquors; or upon the View of such Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices is, and are hereby directed and required, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, forthwith to issue his or their Warrant, under his or their Hand, to any Constable of the Parish where such Billiard-Table or Shovel-board Table is, or shall be erected, set up, let out, or kept, thereby commanding him or them to seize, take, and carry away such Billiard or Shovel-board Table, and to sell and dispose thereof at publick Outcry, in the most noted Part of the Parish where the same shall be taken andfeized, giving three Days Notice of such Sale; and the Money arising by the Sale thereof (deducing Five Shillings in the Pound for the Trouble and Charges of the Constable attending the said Seizure and Sale) to pay to the Church-warden or Church-wardens of the Parish where such Seizure shall be made, or the Chief Magistrate, where no Church-warden is, for the Use of the Poor of the same Parish.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons convicted of keeping a Gaming-House upon the said recited Act, shall be a Tavern-keeper or Tavern-keepers, Retailer or Retailers of Rum, or other Liquors in this Island, such Person or Persons, and all and every the aforesaid Tavern-keepers or Retailers of Liquors, in whose Possession or Keeping any Billiard or Shovel-board Table shall be found erected and set up, or by whom the same shall be let out, as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby declared ever after incapable of felling any kind of Liquors, or of obtaining, having, or keeping any Licence for that Purpose; and shall be, and they are hereby declared, and from

Act 145,146. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

2 ji

from thenceforth subject and liable to all such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as Persons felling or retailing Liquors without Licence, are or shall be by Law subject and liable to (

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be printed, and Twelve Copies thereof to be transmitted to the Custos Rotulorum of each of the Paddies in this Island; one of which shall be read at every Quarter-Sections of the Peace, to be holden for each of the said Parishes, and at the Head of every Company in the Militia as often as they shall be called together, for the Space of one Year next after the passing of this Act.

:747\.

\T i

An Act to enable the Justices and Vfry of the Parish of St. Catharine, to keep clean Part of the Savannah Handy to be a Common for the said Parifij; and to make ILeafes of the Remainder for the Benefit of the Parish; and for authorizing a?id impowering the Justices of the said Parish to lay a ‘Tax on the hihahitants of the low?i of St. Jago de la Vega, for repairing the Roads and Streets usually mended by the said Town; and for authorizing the Justices and Vestry of the Sown, and Parish of Kingston, to lay such Tax for the amending the Roads and Streets in the said Town and Parish.

WHEREAS a certain Quantity or Run of Land, containing, by Estima-AcT 146;

tion, Twelve hundred and Ten Acres, was heretofore, that is to say, on the Thirtieth Day of November, in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, patented by Thomas Ballard, Header Molesworth, Edmund Duck, William Mullins, yohn Noy, and Humphrey Freeman, Esquires, as Trustees for the Inhabitants of the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and for their Use and Benefit, as by the said Patent, now of Record in the Secretary's Office of this Kland, may appear 5 and whereas afterwards, that is to say, on the Thirteenth Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One thousand six hundred and eighty-seven, another certain Parcel or Run of Land, containing, by Estimation, Thirty-four Acres, but since found, upon a Re-survey, to contain no more than Twenty-five Acres, was patented by Fulke Rose and Thomas Ballard, Esquires, Church-wardens of the Parish of St. Catharine, in the Name of the said Parish, and for the sole Use and Benefit thereof; which said two Parcels do make in the whole Twelve hundred and thirty-five Acres; and whereas the said Lands being contiguous or adjoining to the said Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and situate on or towards the South and West and North Sides thereof, were originally designed and intended to be and remain as an open Savannah or Common to the said Town j and whereas the said Run of Land, for want of due Care in opening and clearing the fame, is now become rather a Nusance than a Benefit to the said Town, being almost overgrown with Shrubs and Bushes, whereby the said Town is rendered less healthy than it would be if the said Savannah was kept clean and open; and whereas the said Inconveniencies have arisen chiefly from the Want of a Power in the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish to lay a Tax, and allot Negroes from Time to Time to open and clean the said Savannah; and whereas the clearing and keeping open the whole Quantity of Land aforesaid, of Twelve hundred and thirty-five Acres, would be too great a Charge and Burden on the said Parish, and Five hundred Acres, if properly cleaned and taken Care of, would be sufficient for a Common or Savannah to the said Town, and the Remainder might in Time become a considerable Advantage and Benefit to the said Parish, if the said Justices and Vestry were impowered to lease or rent the fame : For Remedy therefore of the Inconveniencies aforesaid, and for the better answering and fulfilling the Intention and Design of granting and patenting the said Lands, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Ja-

6 maica,

2y2

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 146.

1747-

maica-, do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, and it is hereby enabled by the 500 Acres to Authority of the same, That the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of St. Gz-be laid out for tharinc shall, within one Year after the passing hereof, cause Five hundred Acres, a Common. being part the fa*lci Run of Twelve hundred and thirty-five Acres, to be measured off and laid out for a Savannah or Common to the said Town; provided that the said Five hundred Acres, so to be laid out as aforesaid, shall be such Part of the said Twelve hundred and thirty-five Acres, as is contiguous or nearest adjoining to the said Town, on the several Sides thereof.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as the said Quantity of Five hundred Acres shall be so measured off or laid out as aforesaid, and the Bounds and Limits thereof fixed and ascertained, the Justices and

A Tax to be Vestry of the said Parish shall lay a distinct and separate Tax on the Inhabitants of inUi the Com"the Parish for the clearing, cleaning, and opening of the fame, and putting mon. it in a proper Condition to answer the Ends and Purposes aforesaid; which said Tax shall be collected and levied in the same Manner, and by the fame Persons, and with the fame Power of Distress for Non-payment thereof, as other parochial Taxes are raised and levied, and when received, the same shall be paid into the Hands of the Church-wardens for the Time being, or one of them, and by him or them issued, by the Order and Direction of the Justices and Vestry for the Time being, to the Use and Purpose aforesaid, and to no other: And in laying and raising the said Tax, the said Justices and Vestry shall have particular Regard to such Persons as keep and feed Cattle on the said Savannah, to tax or rate them in Proportion to the Advantage or Benefit which they shall be judged to make thereby. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons shall think themselves aggrieved by the said Tax, he or they shall have Liberty of applying to the Magistrates or Justices, at their first or second Quarterly Sessions of the Peace for the said Parish or Precinct, after the laying of the said Tax, who are hereby impowered and directed to hear and determine all such Complaints, without further Appeal,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, and they are hereby impowered and directed to allot or hire a sufficient Number of Negroes to clear

Justices and Vestry im* powered to

ing

allot Negroes, and open the said Savannah, and a white Person or Persons to oversee the said (3 c. for clear- Negroes, and to purchase Utensils for carrying on the said Work; and effecting 'vannab *' die fame> or to contract with any Person or Persons for doing the fame; and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Money that shall arise from the Tax to be imposed by virtue of this Act.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Justices and Vestry of the said

whIay 3 th for Time being shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter.

Common as often as the said Savannah or Common shall require to be opened and cleaned, wants clean- lay such distinct and separate Tax, as aforesaid, for opening and cleaning thereof;

and shall cause the same to be done forthwith, and in the most effectual Manner: And if the said Justices and Vestry shall refuse or neglect to cause the said Savannah or Common to be so laid out, cleared and opened, as aforesaid, for the Space of one Year after the passing of this Act; then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the said Parish and Precinct, at their Quarter-Sessions, to lay such Tax or Assessment as aforesaid, for the clearing and opening the said Savannah, and to exercise all such Powers as are hereby granted to the Justices and Vestry, for the Ends and Purposes as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to such Part of the said Twelve hundred and thirty-five Acres as shall remain after the said Five hundred Acres shall be measured off, and laid out for a Common as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry, for the Time being, to lease or rent out the fame for the Use and Benefit of the said Parish, either in Whole or in Parcels, to such Person or Persons, upon such Covenants and Conditions, and with such Security for the Performance as they shall judge proper; and likewise to distrain for the Rent thereof, or to commence and prosecute any Suit or Suits at Law, or in Equity, for the Recovery of the fame, as shall be thought proper and necessary by the said Justices and Vestry.

to lease out the Remain der of the fe'ommon,

3

Act 146,147. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

273

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future it shall 1747. and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry of the Laid Parish of St. Catharine,

if they shall think proper; and they are hereby impowered to lay a Tax upon and ]ny aTax Houses, whether rented or not rented, that are inhabited, and upon Trade and for c!tariflg Negroes within the said Town, for the repairing and amending the Streets and ^CthVTown. Roads that have been usually repaired and amended by the Inhabitants of the said Town; which said Tax shall be collected, levied and paid, in the same Manner, and with the like Power of Distress for Non-payment, as the Tax commonly called the Parish-Tax is collected, levied, paid and distrained for.

VII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, for the future,

it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Kingston, Justices, fcfc. if they shall think proper; and they are hereby impowered to lay a Tax upon Houses, rented and not rented, that are inhabited, and upon Trade and Negroes Amending within the said Town and Parish, for amending the Streets and Roads in the said Street, Town and Parish; which said Tax shall be collected, levied and paid, in the fame ^Cm Manner, and with the like Power of Distress for Non-payment, as the Tax commonly called the Parish-Tax is collected, levied, paid and distrained for.

An Act for the further regulating of the Service and Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof \ and other Purposes relating to the Service of furors, and renderi?ig the fame a 7nore equal Duty.

WHEREAS, for want of some proper Regulations, very great Inconve- Act 147.

niencies and Mischiefs arise from the Non-execution and Non-service of Actions, Warrants, Scire facias, Executions, and Venditioni j, and other Process, mesne and judicial, through the Neglect, wilful Default, Corruption and Connivance of the Deputy-Marshal's acting under the Provost Marshal-General here in their several Districts; and as no Process of Outlawry hath ever been in Use ill this Island, to compel Persons to appear and answer in any Causes Criminal or Civil, there is the Wronger Necessity for a careful and diligent Service, and Execution of Actions, Writs and Warrants for that Purpose; and whereas divers other Regulations are necessary for the making the Process of the Law more effectual and beneficial to the Publick, and with regard to the Execution of Writs of Partition, and Returns of Jurors to serve in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island : May it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly, That where any Action, Warrant, Writ of Scire facias, Execution, or Venditioni, or any Precept thereon, is delivered or sent by the Provost Marshal-General here to any of his Deputies, in order that he should serve or execute the fame, that such Deputy-Marshal shall return such Action, Warrant, Writ of Scire facias, Execution, or Venditioni, or the Precept thereon, in convenient Time, for returning the same to the Provost: Marshal General here; and if it shall happen, that such Deputy-Marshal hath not served or executed the fame, but shall return Process, or Non eft inventus, or Tdarde^ or any other Return to any Action, Warrant, or Scire facias signifying the fame, hath not been served or executed, or Nulla bona to any Execution, or Venditioni, or Precept thereon so delivered or Tent to him as aforesaid, such Deputy-Marshal is Deputy Ma.--hereby required and directed, with every such Return to add, and express in Writing on the Back of such Action, Warrant, or Scire facias, Execution j Vendi- ing the Rea-tioni, or Precept, or in a particular Schedule to be annexed to the fame, the Pai> krv ticular Reasons for his making such Return, in some such Manner and Form as ecj Writs, &e. follows, viz. (in case an Action, Warrant, or Scire facias, or Precept thereon be returned Process, Harde, or Non ef inventus) " That the within or annexed Ac-" tion or Summons, Warrant, Writ, or Precept thereon, came to his Hands but " Days (expressing the Number) before the Return, that

it was impracticable for him, for that Reason, to serve, or, cause the same to i( be served, the Defendant living Miles, by Computation, from

" his the said Deputy's Residence ;" if this shall be the Cafe, otherwise such Reasons to be expressedt as the Truth shall be, and is the Cause of making such

Z z z Return

274 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 147.

1747. Return; and in case of Nulla bona returned by such Deputy-Marshal, he shall KS~v~\j then add, return and express his particular Reasons in Writing for making that or for return- Return on the Back of such Execution, or Venditio?ii, or Precept thereon, in Man-\agNullabona. ner and Form as follows, viz. " That the Defendant hath no Negroes, Goods " or Chattels in his District, to his Knowledge, or which he has received any " Information of, whereupon he could make a Levy, as required by the said tc Writ or Precept, or that the Defendant (if the Cafe so shall be) on his the " said Deputy's going to his Plantation or Dwelling, flood on his Defence, so that tc he could not execute such Writ or Precept or return such other particular Reasons, as the Truth shall be, of the Cause of not executing such Writ or Precept, and of his making of such Return, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: And the Provost Marshai-General here is hereby also directed Wla, and required, in all Cases where he shall return Process, Varde, Non ejl inventus, Deputy's2 C 6 or Nulla bona, to any Actions, Warrants, Writs of Scire facias, Execution, or Ven-Reasons, &c. ditiojii (if the fame, or any Precept thereon, shall have been delivered or sent to any Deputy to serve or execute) carefully to file the Deputy-Marshal's particular Reasons, so to be returned as aforesaid, of his the said Deputy's Return, and for not serving or executing the fame j which Reasons so filed, are to remain Re-to remain as cords, free for the Inspection and Examination of all Persons who shall desire to Reeords for pee the fame and that upon any Complaint, the fame, or any of them be pro-° ' duced by the Provost Marshai-General here in Court, whenever any Order of the Court shall be made for that Purpose, that it may appear to the Court that such Return and Non-service, or Non-execution, was not through the wilful Default, Neglect, Corruption or Connivance of the Deputy-Marshal's, who otherwise. Deputy Mar- ought to have served or executed the fame j and each and every Deputy-Marshal toafwear'tod 1S> hereby required to make Oath, in the Supreme Court of Judicature, of the the Truth of Truth of such Reasons he shall add, return and express in Writing, with his par--such Reasons. ticular Return of Process, starde, Non ejl inventus, or Nulla bona, to the Provost Marshai-General hereon, such Actions, Warrants, Scire .facias's. Executions, or Venditioni's, as he shall have had delivered or sent to him, and which he was not able to serve or execute, for such Reasons so to be returned as aforesaid j in the same Manner the Deputy-Marshals make Oath of the Truth of the Returns of such Actions which are duly served.

Provod-Mar- II. Be it also enacted, That the Provost Marshai-General here for the Time Register oT3 being shall keep a particular Book or Register of all Actions delivered into his Action?,&c. Office for Service, and of all Bench-Warrants, and Warrants from the Chief Justice, or any other of the Justices of the Supreme Court, and the Attorney-General, and of all Writs whatsoever, mesne or judicial, in which the Names of the Defendants shall be first entered in an alphabetical Manner, and then the Names of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, together with the Day when such Action or Summons, Warrant or Writ was lodged in the said Office; which said Register is to be free and open for the Inspection of all Persons.

Proved Mar- III. Be it enacted, That the Provost Marshai-General here shall be paid and shalls Fees, allowed as a Fee, on executing every Bench-Warrant, or Warrant of the Chief Justice, or any other of the Justices of the Supreme Court, or of the Attorney-General, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, together with Mile-Money, at the Rate of one Shilling per Mile for the first Twenty Miles, and Six-Pence per Mile for every Mile above Twenty.

IV. Be it enacted, That the Deputy-Marshals, in their several D stricts, do use their utmost Diligence in the legal and due Service and Execution of all Actions, Warrants, Precepts and Process whatsoever that shall be delivered or sent to them by the Provost Marshai-General here; and in case of any gross Neglect of their Duty, Default, Corruption or Connivance, in or concerning the Non-service and Non-execution of the Premisses, the fame being made appear to the said Supreme Court against either of them, the said Court, on Consideration had, shall in such Cases as shall be judged deserving of it, impose a Fine not exceeding niais^upon^" Twenty Pounds for every particular Offence, or dismiss such Deputy from his Negiett of Service, under the Provost Marshai-General here, in that Capacity; and such De-Eicd S>be Puty dismissed, is hereby rendered incapable in serving as a Deputy-Marshal

again,

Act 147.

The LAWS oftjAMAICA.

275

again, unless by the Permission of the said Supreme Court full had and obtained, and entered of Record by the Clerk of the Crown in the said Court.

V. Be it enacted, That the Provost Marshal-General here deliver to the Attorney-General and Receiver-General, the second Wednesday in every Supreme Court, a true Lift of all Actions, Writs, and Process lodged in his Office, with a Copy of the Return made to them in the said Court, and of all Fines and Monies received by him, in which his Majesty and the Revenue of this Island are any ways interested or intitled, either in the Whole, or any Part thereof, and not before delivered into the Attorney and Receiver-General.

VI. Be it enacted, That wherever any Writ o{Venditioni exponas shall be sued out and lodged with the Provost Marshal-General here, and who thereupon causes the Debt or Damages therein mentioned, or any Part of the fame, to be levied on the Negroes, Goods and Chattels of the Defendant, according to the Exigence of such Writ, which Levy may be subject and liable to prior Executions lodged with the Provost Marshal-General here, according to Laws of this Bland, the Provost Marshal-General is hereby directed and required to make a Return to the fame, either on the Back of the said Writ, or in a Schedule to be thereunto annexed, ,of what Money in particular he has levied by virtue of that Writ, and if there shall be any Writ or Writs of Execution or Venditioni lodged in his Office, for the Satisfaction whereof the Monies so levied on such Venditioni ought to be applied according to their legal Priority, that he in particular, in the said Return, set forth all and every such prior Executions and Venditioni s, expressing therein the Plaintiffs Names, and the several Sums directed to be levied according to their respective Priorities; for which Return the said Provost Marshal-General shall be paid or allowed the Sum of Five Shillings; and where any Person shall have lodged any Writ or Writs of Execution, or Venditioni, in the Provost Mar-shal-General's Office here, and shall afterwards receive Payment or Satisfaction for the Debts or Damages mentioned in such Writs, or any Part of the fame, from the: Defendant, or any other Person on his Behalf, such Person, his Substitute or Attorney, .having Authority to receive the same, is hereby required, in the Space of Two Months, after such Payment or Satisfaction, to certify the same to the Provost Marshal-General here, who shall enter the fame in his Books, in Discharge of such Writ or Writs, in Part, or in the Whole, according as such Payment shall be.

VII. And whereas, for want of proper Lifts of the Freeholders and others, who are fit and qualified to serve on Juries in the said Supreme Court of Judicature of this Bland, great Numbers of Persons who ought, and by Law are liable to serve, are never returned for that Purpose, whereby the fame is become a very unequal Duty, and frequently falls, more especially as to the Petit Jury, on many Persons who are incapable of such a Service, from the Straitness of their Circumstances, without great Prejudice to their Families; and sometimes on such who are even under a Necessity of applying for Protections to enable them with Freedom to pass as Jurors in all Causes of the Crown, and between Party and Party, and to be determined in the said Court; therefore, for the Prevention thereof, be it also enacted, That the Justices and Vestry in every Parish where they are, and in those Parishes where there is no Vestry, the Justices; and in those Parishes where there are no Justices, the Vestry-men once every Year, viz. between the First of January and the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in every Year, cause an exhibit Lift to be made by the Clerk of the Vestry, or Clerk of the Peace, in any Parish where there is no Clerk of the Vestry attending them, of all Persons inhabiting in their respective Parishes, Freeholders, and others, of a competent Livelihood (in which the said Justices and Vestry-men arer to be included) and who are hereby qualified to serve on Juries in the said Supreme Court of Judicature of this Bland, to the Intent that the fame may be rendered a more equal Duty than it has hitherto been; and that the Justices and Vestry, and the Justices where there is no Vestry, and the Vestry-men where there are no Justices subscribe such Lift, together with a Duplicate thereof; and that they transmit the fame, with the Duplicate, to the Chief Justice of this Island, by the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, in every Year, which Duplicates are to be sent to the Provost Marshal-General

here.

1747,

Provost Marshal to fend a List of Acti-ms, wherein the Crown is concerned, to the Receiver and Attorney General.

Hi-; Conduct, when tes made by him are subject to prior Executions.

Persons lodging Writs, and receivingPayment from the Defendant, to certify the same to the Provost Martha!.

Justices and Vestries to transmit a List to the Chief Justice, of Freeholders qualified to serve as Jurors.

Chief Justice to fend the ProvoJt Marshal a Duplicate of such Lilt.

Provost Mirlhal's Conduct in Writs of Partition.

Penalties.

• ThisAtt continued bj Act l8g.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 147.

here, and the original Lifts or Duplicates thereof to be filed in the Office of the Clerk of the said Supreme Court; and after the Receipt of the said original Lifts or Duplicates, the Provost Marshal-General here is hereby directed and required to form his Pannels of Jurors, to be returned at every Supreme Court of Judicature, on the general Writs of Venire facias directed to him, in such Manner and Form as the Service on Juries may be rendered as equal as may be, to all the Persons so to be returned in the Lifts and Duplicates thereof, as aforesaid; provided that nothing herein be construed to abridge or controulthe legal Power and Authority of the said Court, with respect to Juries and Jurors, or to prevent the said Court from striking out any Person or Persons from such Lifts or Duplicates, or Pannel or Pannels to be resumed by the Provost Marshal-General here, or from ordering the Provost Marshal-General here not to warn any particular Person or Persons who may be returned on such Lifts or Duplicates, as the said Court shall fee just Cause; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas the Provost Marshal-General here is bound by Law, on all Writs of Partition, to go in his proper Person to the Lands, Tenements, and Premisses to be divided, to make such Partition in Manner and Form as the Law requires, which from the Extent of this island is not practicable for him to do; and when such Partitions are made by his Deputies, the same are liable for that Reason to be set aside, to the great Vexation of divers Joint-Tenants and Tenants in common, who have already sued for a Partition, or shall hereafter sue for that Purpose : For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That in all Partitions to be made by Writ, where the Provost Marshal-General cannot attend in Person, pur-fuantto the Judgment in Partition and the Exigence of the Writthatiflues thereon, that he shall appoint, byWarrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person re-liding in the Parish, or near where the Lands, Tenements, and Premifies shall and do lie, to make Partition, in his Place and Stead, between the Parties, in the Presence of any one or more Justices of the Peace, who shall attend for that Purpose, at the Instance and Request of either of the Parties between whom the said Partition is to be made, which Partition to be thereon made shall be good and effectual in Law, and final Judgment shall be given thereon; the Provost Marshal-General here returning such Writ, with the Execution thereof, specially to the Court, in the same Manner as if the Provost Marshal-General here had made such Partition thereon in his own proper Person.

IX. And be it enacted, That whosoever shall not do his Duty, and comply with the Directions of this Act, or offend against the true Intent and Meaning of the fame, shall for every such Offence forfeit Fifty Pounds to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied towards the contingent Charges of the Government, and to be recovered by Information in the said Supreme Court of Judicature of this island.

X. And be it also enacted, That the Secretary of this island do cause this Act to be printed as soon as conveniently may be j and that he fend Twelve printed Copies to the Citjios, or Chief Magistrate of every Parish in this island, Three Copies to the Governor or Commander in Chief, and Three Copies to each Member of his Majesty's Council and of the Assembly in this island; and that he be paid for the same out of the Surplus of any Fund or Funds unappropriated, for railing Money for the contingent Charges of the Government of this Island.

XI. And be it enacted, That this Act, and every thing therein contained, shall be and continue in Force, from the passing thereof, for the Term of Five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Alterably, and no longer *.

S

An Act 148. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

277

An Act for applying and appropriating certain Sums of Money to *747-several Uses; and for enabling the Receiver General to negotiate' v 1 and dispose oj such Bonds as are and shall be given to his Majesty for ^uit-rents; and for impowering him to borrow certain Sums of Money at Interef, for the supplying the immediate Exigences of the Government; and for refraining the Commissioner s of Forts and Fortifications from laying out j?iore Money upon the said Forts and Fortifications than shall from Fime to Fime be granted by the Assembly for the said Fortifications.

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this^CT j.g^ your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may . be enacted 3 and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That out of the Surplusage of the Monies that have arisen, or shall arise, by Virtue of an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the Government of this Island, and for receiving and perpetuating the Laves thereof \ and out of the Surplusage of all other Funds granted by this or any former Assembly, the following Sums of Money be applied and aPPro-Sums of Mo priated to the Uses, Purposes, and Services herein after-mentioned, that is to say, ney appro,.. a Sum not exceeding Ten thousand eight hundred Pounds to the Payment of the priated to the Debt now due on Account of the Forts and Fortifications; a Sum not exceeding p^ce^t cf Four thousand Pounds, for the Payment of Monies borrowed in the late Marshal Debts, and Law, and the Interest: now due or which shall become due thereon; a Sum not other Uses: exceeding Five hundred Pounds, for the Use of the Bath of St. flhomas the Apostle,

0 be paid into the Hands of the Commissioners of the said Bath; a Sum not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, for paying and subsisting the Negroe Soldiers, pursuant to an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island," entituled.

An Act for raising Companies in the several Negroe downs, and encouraging them to reduce rebellious and runaway Slaves, passed in a former Sessions of this Assembly; a Sum not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications at Mufquitta Point j a Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, to the Use of Fort Charles at Port Royal j a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds, to the Use of Fort George at Port Antonio; a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, to the Use of Fort William at Port Morant j a Sum not exceeding Three hundred Pounds for the Use of the Fortifications at Rock Fort j a Sum not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, for preserving the Small Arms and hiring Store-houses for the Reception of the fame; and a Sum not exceeding Two hun- r dred and Twenty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, for the Payment of a Debt due from the Publick to William Axtell, and the Interest; due on the said Debt.

II. And whereas there is a Necessity that the present Exigences of the Government be immediately supplied; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General be, and he is hereby enabled, empowered, and authorized to negotiate, fell, dispose of, assign, and transfer all Bonds that have been, or shall be given or entered into, to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Payment of Quit-rents, and the Monies due thereon, for the Sum or Sums of Money that shall be really and bona fide due on the said Bonds at the Time of the Sale or other Disposal thereof, and not for a lefier Sum; and all and every ^eercaejiv^r Ge‘ the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Bonds, their Executors, Administrators or powered to Assigns, and all and every Person or Persons claiming and having a Right to such reP> transfer, Bonds under such Purchaser or Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators or^t^nds, Assigns j and the Monies due thereon shall be, and they are hereby entitled to the fame Remedies, for the Recovery of such Monies due on such Bonds, and

4 A to

278

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 148,149.

1747. to the fame'Preference and Precedence in Payment as his Majesty is or would be entituled unto, in case the fame had remained and continued JDebts due to the Crown.

III. And whereas it is uncertain when the Monies arising from the Surplusage of the Funds herein before mentioned may come into the Hands of the Receiver General j therefore, that the Publick may not sustain any Inconveniency for the Want thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver General for the Time being be, and he is hereby enabled, authorized, and empowered, by and with the Consent and Order of the Commissioners for Rating and adjusting the publick Accounts, or any Five of them, to borrow any rmpowered to Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds in the whole, at borrow8oooo/. an interest after the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable every Six InterefL " Months; which Sum and Sums so borrowed, and the Interest which shall become due thereon, shall be made good and paid by this or any future Assembly. Commissiofl-

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commis-ers of Forts, flQners of Forts and Fortifications be for the future restrained from laying out fromhying any more Money on the said Forts and Fortifications than shall be granted from outmoreMo* Time to Time by the Assembly for the said Fortifications j and the said Com-"rante'd n missioners are hereby restrained accordingly.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, entituled, An Act for introducing of White People into this Island, for subsisting them for a certain Time, and providing them with Land that they may become Settlers; and also of an Act, entituled, An Act for giving the fame Allowance to New-Comers, who shall take up and settle Lands within the Parish of Portland\ as those New-Comers are entitled to who have taken up Lands at or near NormanW'alley, at or near Manchionile Harbour, by virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act for introducing of White People into this Island, for subsisting them for a certain Time, and providing them with Land> that they may become Settlers.

Act 140 TiCTfILREAS in and by an Act, entituled, An Act for introducing of White People into this If and, for fubfjling them for a certain Time, and providing them with Land that they may become Settlers, it is enacted, That Fifteen thousand Acres of Land, at or near Manchionile Harbour; and also Fifteen thousand Acres of Land, at or near Norman's Valley, be and are hereby re-in-vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be re-granted for the Use and Benefit of New-Comers only j and it is also thereby enacted, That all such New-Comers shall be, and are thereby obliged to begin and carry on a Settlement on such Land, so to be granted to them as in the said Act is mentioned, within Three Calendar Months from and after the Date of their respective Patents; and on Failure of which all such Lands shall revert to his Majesty, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes of the said Act: And whereas in and by an Act, entituled, An Act for giving the fame Allowances to New-Comers, who fall take up and settle Lands within the Parish of Portland, as those New-Comers are entitled to who have taken up Lands at or near Norman'* Valley, or at or near Manchionile Harbour, by virtue of an Act intituled, An Act for introducing of White People into this Island, for fubffing them for a certain Time, and providing them with Land that they may become Settlers, it is enacted, That such several Persons being New-Comers, within the true Intent and Meaning of the above and therein recited Act, and who have complied, or shall in allThings comply with the several Clauses and Restrictions thereof (the taking up Lands in the said several Tracts at Manchionile Harbour and Norman's Valley only excepted) and who have already taken or shall take up Lands in any Part of the Parish of Portland, upon and under the lame Conditions, Restrictions, and Engagements, that the Lands in the said Two

Parcels

Act 149. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

279

Parcels at Manchionile Harbour or Normans Valley are, or ought to be granted; *747'

and who have made, or shall make Settlements on the said Land so taken up, J

according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, shall be entitled to the fame Allowances, Subsistance, and to all other Immunities and Privileges that other New-Comers are entitled; and shall be obliged to make the fame Reimbursements; and to hold their Lands upon the fame Terms, and under the fame Limitations; that the said New-Comers are subject unto by virtue of the said Act, who have actually had Grants of Land and made Settlements thereon, within the aforementioned Tracts at Manchionile Harbour and Normans Valley: And whereas a great Number of New-Comers have taken up Lands by virtue of the before recited Acts, in the said Tracts of Land near Manchionile Harbour, and Normans Valley, and in the Parish of Portland, many of whom have carried on Settlements thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts: And others; though they have enjoyed all the Privileges and Advantages of the said Acts, have neglected to carry on Settlements on the said Lands granted to them as New-Comers .by virtue of the said Acts; but have, after opening very small Quantities of such Land, let the fame remain without further settling or cultivating, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, to the great Prejudice and Infe-curity of the Island in general, and particularly of such New-Comers as have carried on their Settlements according to the said Acts : And whereas it is not ascertained in and by the said Acts, how and in what Manner Settlements should be carried on, or what is or shall be deemed a Settlement, or in what Manner the same are to be carried on; so that great Difficulties do and mull arise, in determining how far such Person or Persons, who have or shall be guilty of such Neglect in not carrying on. their Settlements pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, have or are, or may be liable to forfeit such Lands so granted, in order that they might be re-granted to such New-Comers as would comply with the said Law : Wherefore, for explaining and amending of the said recited Acts, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica,

That every New-Comer who already hath, or hereafter shall obtain a Patent of any of the said Lands in the said recited Acts, that such New-Comer, his Heirs, ^ainhig^Pa-or Devisees, shall within Three Months after the passing of this Act, or within tents, to be-Three Months after the Date of his, her, or their Patent, commence and begin gl j^"th"s a Settlement upon the Lands so to him granted; and shall, within Eighteen Ka- 3 lendar Months, fall and plant, or convert into Pasture, half an Acre, at the least, of the Land to such New-Comer granted, for every white Person and Negroe, upon account of whom such New-Comer hath received or shall receive a Grant of Land, and for whom he hath received or shall receive Subsistance from the Publick; and such New-Comer shall, after the said Eighteen Kalendar Months, for the Remainder of the Term of Seven Years after the passing of his Patent, keep the aforesaid Quantity of Land well and sufficiently planted, or in good and sufficient Pasture, according to the Number of the white Persons and Negroes, as is aforesaid.

II. Provided always, That in case any of the Negroes of such New-Comer fWifo. shall be dead, or taken off such Settlement by due Course of Law, or be given

up to any Person or Persons having a superior Title to such Negroe than such New-Comer; then, and in such Case, such New-Comer shall be obliged to keep no more Land planted or in Pasture than in Proportion to the Number of white Persons for whom he received a proportionable Quantity of Land and Subsistance, and for the Number of Negroes that shall remain after such Deaths, Taking, or Delivery up of such Negroes accordingly.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Troviso. Person already having a Grant of such Lands, or who hereafter shall obtain a Settlers not to Grant or Grants for the fame, or any Part thereof, shall hereafter be entitled to lease the _ demise, lease, or let the said Lands so patented or to be patented, during the said ^e^tent-Term of Seven Years; nor shall desert or throw up such Settlement: And if any ed within 7 Patentee, their Heirs or Devisees, shall not comply herewith, he, she, or they, Years-shall forfeit his or her Lands so patented, and all his or her Right and Title

thereto;

4

28o

1747*

Commissioners of the Lands at Nor. man's Valley, tsfc. appointed.

[Proviso.]

Act i 50

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act^i^o.

thereto; and the same are hereby re-vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be re-granted to any other New-Comer, according to the Intent and Meaning of the said Two recited Acts, and of this Act.

IV. And for the more easy and effectual Execution of the said recited Acts, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Robert Lucking field, William Lewis, Francis Sadler, Hals and William Hall, Andrew Arcedeckne, Samuel Whitehcrn, William Walters, Norwood Witter, Matthew Gregory, Charles Burnet,

and Edward Clarke, Esquires, be, and they hereby are appointed Commissioners for the said Lands at or near Normans Valley, and at or near Manchionile Harbour: And the Commissioners already appointed by an Act, entituled, An Act for effectually settling the Parish o/-Portland, by ‘veffing all the unsettled Lands in the said Pariff in the Crown, be, and are hereby appointed Commissioners in the said Pa-riffi, for assigning of any Parcel of Land that shall become forfeit, and re-vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, by virtue of the said recited Acts, and of this Act: Which said Commissioners for Normans Valley, and Manchionile, and for the Parish of Portland, in their respective Districts, or any Three of them, are hereby empowered to assign such Parcels of Land granted or to be granted to New-Comers, under the said recited Acts, as aforesaid, as shall or may become forfeit as aforesaid, in the same Manner and Form as the Commissioners appointed by the said Act for effectually settling the Parish of Portland, are hereby empowered to assign forfeited Lands : And the Commissioners hereby appointed are authorized and required to proceed in the same Manner and Form, and to direct themselves touching the Premisses by the same Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners appointed by the said last mentioned Act for effectually settling the Parish of Portland, are thereby obliged to do j' and all Persons who shall obtain Grants, and record the fame, pursuant to such Rules and Regulations, shall and hereby have a good and fureTitle to the Lands so to be re-granted, in case of Forfeiture, against all other and former Patentees, as fully in every Respect as if the Lands so granted had been found forfeited by any Inquest of Office returned into the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Istand, and Judgment thereon given for the King, or any otherwise howsoever.

V. Provided always, That such new Grantee, his or her Heirs or Devisees, do settle the Lands so to him or her granted, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of this and the said recited Acts: And in order to keep up the Number of Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Istand, to nominate and apppoint such Person and Persons to be Commissioners as he shall think fit, upon the Death, Departure, or other Incapacity of any of the said Persons appointed by this Act. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Copy of this Act shall be transmitted to the several Commissioners, by the Secretrary of this Istand.

An Act for the cijfaying of Gold and Silver Wares, and Bullion.

WHEREAS, by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Istand, entituled, An Act for ascertaining the Value of foreign Coins, and establishing Interef, it is, amongst other Things, thereby enacted and ordained. That no Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold or Silver, within this Istand, from and after the First Day of Auguf, One thousand six hundred and eighty-one, should work, fell, exchange, or cause to be wrought, fold, or exchanged, any Plate, or other Goldsmiths Wares of Gold, less in Fineness than Twenty-two Caradls; and that, from the Time aforesaid, no Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold or Silver, should make, fell, or exchange, in any Place within this Istand, any Plate, or Goldsmiths Wares of Silver, less in Fineness than that of Eleven Ounces Twopenny Weight ,• and that no Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold and Silver, should presume to put to Sale, exchange, or fell, any Plate of Goldsmiths Work of Gold or Silver, before he hath set his own Mark to so much thereof as may conveniently bear the fame, upon Pain of forfeiting the Value of the Thing so fold or exchanged; that whatsoever Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold or Silver, as aforesaid, from and after the said First Day of Auguf, should presume to sell or exchange

8 any

Act i $o.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

281

any Gold or Silver Wares of less Fineness than aforesaid, for every such first Of- 1747-

fence should forfeit treble the Value of the said Wares so fold or exchanged; u. — v — J

one Half whereof to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for

and towards the Support of the Government of this Island and the contingent

Charges thereof, and the other Half to the Party aggrieved; to be recovered in Manner and Form aforesaid; and that whosoever should offend the Second Time,

end thereof be convicted, should {land in the Pillory for the Space of One Hour,

and lose his Ears for the fame : And whereas, notwithstanding the said in Part recited Act, it is notorious that most, if not all the Gold and Silver Wares made

and fold in this Island, are composed of base Metals, and are greatly inferior to

the Quality and Goodness directed and required by the said recited Law, to the great Wrong and Injury of the Buyer : In order therefore to put an End to so

notorious an Imposition on your Majesty's Subjects in this Island, and to compel

and oblige the several Workers of Gold and Silver Wares in this Island to comply

with the said in Part recited Act, in working up such Gold and Silver of such

Fineness and Quality as is directed by the said recited Act; may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and

Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September, in

the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, it shall apd

may be lawful for the Governor and Commander in Chief of this your Majesty's Governor to

Island of Jamaica, and the Governor and Commander in Chief for the Time appomtAffay-

# # Mailers,

being, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, from Time to Time, to nominate ‘ and appoint one or more Assay-Masters for the trying and assaying all Gold and Silver Wares made in this Island, in all or any, or either of the three Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Kingston, and Port Royal; or in such other Place as from Time to Time the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being shall think necessary and convenient.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Gold-Workers in smith, or Worker in Gold and Silver, before he or they shall be allowed to fell, GoId and SlI‘

y . ver to enter

lexpose to Sale, or exchange any Gold or Silver Wares whatsoever, except as herein their Names after is excepted, shall enter his and their Name and Place of Abode, and Mark, ^.he Assay-in the Afiav-Office, nearest to his and their Habitation, under the Penalty of Ten ‘nce< ,

j ' v 10 carry their

Pounds, and shall be, and they are hereby obliged to carry all such Gold and Sil- wares to be ver Wares to one of the aforesaid Assay-Masters, to be tried in the like Manner assayed. as Gold and Silver Wares are tried and assayed in Great Britain: And if, upon such Assay, the said Gold and Silver Wares shall be found worse than the Standard aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Assay-Master, and he is hereby directed <md required to break and deface the said Gold and Silver Wares, so that they may not be disposed of; but if upon such Assay the said Gold and Silver Wares shall appear to be of the Fineness and Quality above-mentioned, the said Assay-Master shall, and he is hereby obliged to mark the said Gold and Silver Wares with the Stamp or Mark of an Allegator's Head, and the initial Letters of his own Name, to so much thereof of the said Wares as will conveniently bear the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Assay-Master and Assay-Masters, to ask, de- May-Ma. mand, and receive, of and from every Goldsmith, or Worker in Gold and Silver,fte,s

or any other Person for whom any Assay shall be made, for ever Gold Assay Twelve Shillings and Six-Pence, and for ever Silver Assay Seven Shillings and Six-Pence.

IV. Provided always, That from the several small Silver Wares and Trinkets proynb. following, brought at one and the same Time to be assayed, viz. From every Twelve Table-Spoons, One Assay only shall be made; from every Twenty-four Tea-Spoons, Four Strainers, and Four Pair of Tongs, One Aflav only; from every Twelve Pair of Buckles, One Assay only; from every Twenty-four Pair of Sleeve-Buttons, One Assay only; from Twenty-four Coat and other Buttons, One Allay only; from every Twenty-four Finger-Rings or Ear-Rings, One Assay only; and from every Parcel of other Trinkets, or small Pieces of Silver-Wares,

or Plate of any Sort, the whole Parcel not exceeding Six Ounces, One Assay

4 B only;

282

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

j. L A

3

*747-

only; and from every Parcel of Gold Trinkets, or small Wares in Gold of any Sort, the whole Parcel not exceeding Two Ounces, One Assay only : All which said Assays to be made by scraping a Proportion from every Piece, to make up the Weight to be assayed.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Gold or Silver that shall be made Use of for such Assays, had or made by Virtue of this Act, shall be returned to the Proprietor of the Gold or Silver from whence the fame was taken; and if any Goldsmith, or other Worker in Gold and Silver, or any other

Disputes a- Person, so carrying any Gold or Silver Wares to be assayed, shall not be Satisfied hoU\o b^d' with any Assay thereof, to be made as aforesaid, but shall still insist that such

cid'ed. 6 " Wares so assayed are of the Standard above-mentioned, the said Gold and Silver

Wares shall not be broken or defaced, but be immediately deposited in the Hands of some Magistrate of the Precinct where the said Assay shall be made; and shall,

in order to determine the said Dispute, be re-assayed before all or any other the

Assay-Masters then in this Island, who are hereby obliged to attend, on Notice

given by the Party requiring the said Re-assay; and also before One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and any disinterested Master Goldsmiths or Silver-smiths that will be present at the said Re-assay, and in the Presence of the Party, if he will be present at the fame, at a particular Time, to be appointed by the said Justices of the Peace, against a Piece of Old Sterling Plate with the Gold-smiths-Hall Mark upon it, then also to be assayed at the same Time j from which Re-assay there shall be no Appeal.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Charges of such Re-afiay so to be made as aforesaid, the said Assay-Master or Assay-Masters whom^to fall to ca^e^ as aforesaid, and the said Gold or Silver-smiths present at the said upon. Re-assay, shall, on their Affidavits in Writing, to be sworn to before the said

Justice, declare the Quality and Fineness of the said Gold or Silver Wares re-assayed as aforesaid; and thereupon the said Justice shall certify under his Hand and Seal whether the fame be of Standard or not, and deliver such Certificate to the Party, who is entided to the Benefit of the fame : And if it shall be certified, that the said Gold or Silver Wares are of the Standard aforesaid, or of equal Fineness with the fail Old Sterling Plate, at the same Time to be assayed as aforesaid, the said Assay-Master, by whom the First Assay had been made, shall forthwith mark the said Gold or Silver Wares with the said Mark of an Allegator's Head, and shall not be allowed any Fee or Reward for the said Assay or Re-assay, or for marking the said Gold or SilverWares, but shall bear the Charge of the said Assay and Re-assay, and also pay One Pound three Shillings and Nine-Pence to each Assay-Master that shall be present, and shall have travelled out of the Parish where he or they reside, for his and their Travelling-Charges and Expences on that Occasion; all which said Charges shall be likewise paid by the Party requiring the said Re-assay, in case the said Wares shall be found to be worse than Standard, and shall in either Cafe be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale, on the Goods and Chattels of the said Party refuting to pay the same; and in case any Person, who shall purchase any Gold or Silver Wares from any Goldsmith or Silversmith with the Mark aforesaid, shall be doubtful whether the fame is of the Standard aforesaid, or not, such Purchaser shall be at Liberty to demand a Re-assay thereof, to be made in Manner aforesaid : And in case any Fraud or Imposition shall appear to have been made by the Assay-Master by whom the First Assay was made, such Assay-Master shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plant, or Information.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Assay-Masters, and each and every of them, shall, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, take the following Oath before the Chief Justice of this Island, before he or they presume to make any Assay of the said Gold and Silver Wares, viz.

6

L

Act 150.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

283

I A.B. do swear, That I will, to the bcjl of my Skill and "Judgment, faithfully 1747.

perform the Office of Assay-Master, and make true Assay of all Gold and Silver '- — v — ~i brought to me to be a fayed, and give a true Report of the Fineness thereof; and that Assay-Ma-1 will not break or deface any Gold and Silver which fall be by me affiayed, in case fter's °ath-the fame fall be of the Quality and Goodness equal to the Standard appointed by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Ifand, entituled, An Act for ascertaining the Value of foreign Coin, and establishing Interest; and that I will not make any undue Profit or Advantage of or by my said Office, nor take any greater or other Fees than what are appointed by Law. So help me God.

Which Oath the Chief Justice of this Island for the Time being is hereby directed and required to administer, and to give a Certificate under his Hand, that such A Say-Mailer, l'o appointed as aforesaid, hath appeared before him, and taken the said Oath.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Goldsmith or Worker in Gold or Silver, or any other Person whatsoever, from and after the said First Day of September, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, shall fell, expose to Sale, or exchange any Gold or Silver Wares in this Bland (Jewellers Wares, and such small Trinkets as cannot bear PenaitjeSi the Touch, only excepted) before the fame hath been allayed, and hath received the Marks aforesaid by one of the said Assay-Masters, duly appointed as aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said Assay-Masters Assay-Masters so appointed, as aforesaid, shall keep a publick Work-house in the to^eeP a Town or Parish for which they shall be appointed exprefily by their said War- work-house, rant, and in no other Town or Place; and provide themselves with proper Furnaces, Tools, and Utensils, for the assaying and marking all Gold and Silver brought to him or them to be assayed; and give due Attendance at the said and attend Work-house every Tuesday and Friday in every Week, and faithfully enter all and tffdays and every the several Pieces of Gold and Silver they shall assay, with the Weight and n ayu Fineness of the fame in a fair Book, to be open to the Inspection of all Persons requiring the fame, without Fee or Reward : And it shall and may be lawful to and for the Governor and Commander in Chief of this Bland, at his and their Governor Will and Pleasure, to supersede any Warrant or Warrants, Appointment or™ytfkper' Appointments by him or them given, or to be given or made, of, or to any or e e 1 em* either of the Assay-Mailers; and upon every such Supersedeas, such Assay-Master shall forthwith destroy, or deliver over to some other Assay-Master, all and every the Standard Marks herein before 'mentioned, which he shall have or be possessed of, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds; and shall be, and he is hereby rendered from thenceforth incapable of acting as an Assay-Master, unless he shall receive another Warrant for that Purpose.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the said Assay-Master or Assay-Masters to make Assay of all Gold and Silver in Bullion that shall be brought him or them to be assayed, and to demand and receive the aforesaid Rates for each Assay thereof; and the said Assay-Master or Af- a flayers to say-Masters shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, put the initial under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to put the initial Letters of his or their own^'^ Name and Names, and a plain Mark upon the said Bullion, signifying the true upon Bullion: Quality and Fineness of the fame, before he or they shall suffer it to go out of his or their Custody or Possession, in order that the Value of such Bullion may appear to all Persons unto whom it may be offered for Sale.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act mentioned shall extend, or Prov;so be construed to extend, to debar or reftram any Person or Persons whatsoever, This from felling, and exposing to Sale, any Plate, or Goldsmiths Wares of Gold or to affect Plate, Silver that has the Standard Mark of Great Britain or Ireland, in like Manner &c- having as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein before contained to the con- ^rk trary in any wise notwithstanding. Great Britain

XII. ANDor Ireland-

284

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act t50,151,

say-Master is appointed

1747.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person v- — v — or Persons, other than the said Assay-Maders, shall presume to mark any Gold Counterfeit- or Silver Wares with the Allegator's Head, or shall counterfeit the Marks of ing the Marks Sterling-Plate, such Person or Persons, and his and their Accomplices, being pLte^Felony. thereof convicted, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony without the Benefit of the Clergy.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, mentioned in this Act, and not directed

how to be recovered and applied, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island; one Moiety whereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the same.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act This Aa con- fj-,ap continue and be in Force for the Term of Three Years from the passing

y a tjjereo£ anc[ from thence to the End of the next Sefhon of Assembly, and no longer*.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act herein before men-

In Force only tioned, shall be in Force until such Time as One Assay-Master, at lead, when an Af- appointed; and shall continue in full Force and Effect no longer than

One such Aday-Mader, at the lead, shall continue in the actual Exercise of the said OfEce : And for such Part of the said Term of Three Years as there shall be no Aday-Mader, this Act, and every thing therein contained, shall be suspended; and upon the Appointment of any other Aday-Mader within the said Term of Three Years, every thing herein contained shall be revived.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of this Idand do cause this Act to be printed, and Three Copies thereof to be delivered to the Custos or other Chief Magistrate of every Paridi in this Idand, to be by them promulged according to their Discretion. '

An Act for laying out a Road from Pepper Plantation over May-Day Hills, in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, to St. Jago Savannah, in the Parish of Clarendon.

Act 151. IT WHEREAS the laying out and making good and convenient Roads between the different Parts of this Idand, and from each to the Capital, cannot but contribute much to the future peopling, settling, and cultivating of the Country, as well as to the Ease, Safety, and Advantage of the present Inhabitants, by promoting and facilitating an Intercourse of Commerce and Communication in Times of Peace, and of Aid and Council, in case of any publick Danger : And whereas the Roads at present leading from the Leeward to the Windward Parts of this Idand, are on many Accounts extremely incommodious; and it is therefore intended, as well for the Reasons aforesaid, as for the particular Benefit of the Parishes of St. Elizabeth and Westmoreland, and for the more easy Attendance of the Representatives, and others, upon the publick Service at St. sago de la Vega, to lay out and make a good and sufficient Road from Pepper Plantation over May-Day Hills, in the Paridi of St. Elizabeth, to St. Jago Savannah, in the Paridi of Clarendon; may it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Aflem-bly of this your Majesty's Idand of yamaica, and by Authority of the same, That a good and sufficient Road be forthwith laid out and made from Pepper Plantation over May-Day Hills, in the Paridi of St. Elizabeth, to St. yago Savannah, in the Paridi of Clarendon j and that the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act to oblige the everal Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with a sufficient Number of White Men capable of bearing Arms, or White Women, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, a?id applying the same to everal Uses -, and for •adding Commissioners to those appointed for ordering and iyifpeBing the Works to be

7 performed

Act i5l. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 2^5

performed in and about the Fortifications, parted or to'be passed in this present 1747.

Session of Assembly, be for that Purpose verted in the Honourable John Gale and -

IJ'aac Gale, Eiiqrs. and Barnart Andriejs Woodstock, Nicholas Newton, Francis 3 o/. vetted Cooke, Benjamin Blake, Norwood Witter, Francis Sadler Hals, Richard Beckjord,' J Joseph Ar-mjlrong, and George Raxtcad, Esqrs. and the Survivors and Survivor of Road. them, who are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees and Commissioners for the said Road; to be received by them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint; and they, or any Three or moie of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to receive and apply the fame, and to enter into and execute all Contracts, and in general to do and transact aT things necessary in that Behalf, to be done, laid out, and expended in making and perfecting the said Road; and that the further Sum of Three hundred Pounds be, and the fame is hereby also verted in them the said John Gale, IJ'aac Gale,

Barnart Andriefs Woodstock, Nicholas Newton, Francis Cooke, Benjamin Blake,

Norwood Witter, Francis Sadler Hals, Richard Beckjord, Joseph Arm/lrong, and j George Raxtcad, the said Commissioners; and that the Sum of Two hundred be raised by Pounds, Part of the said Sum of Three hundred Pounds, shall be raised and paid he Pa;ifh of by the said Parish of St. Elizabeth, by an Assessment to be made by the Justices Sc‘ EIlzal}e‘h* and Vestry of the said Parish, and which they are hereby impowered to make and levy in such Sort, Manner, and Form as other Parish Charges are made and levied in the said Parish, by the Laws and Statutes of this Island; and the remaining Sum of One hundred Pounds shall be raised and levied by the Parish of West-^d 100l. by moreland; to be assessed and levied by the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, in Manner aforesaid : And that the respective Church-wardens of the said Parishes of St Elizabeth and Westmoreland, shall raise and levy the said several Sums of Two hundred Pounds, and One hundred Pounds, and shall pay the same into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them; to be applied by them, or any Three or more of them, in Manner aforesaid, on or before the i wenty-fifth Day of December next ensuing.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees and Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, do and shall, on or before the First day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, or as soon after as the fame can be conveniently done, lay out and expend the said Sums of Three hundred Pounds, and Three, hundred Pounds, or lo much thereof as shall be necessary for laying out, making, and perfecting such Road, as aforesaid; and they are for that Purpose hereby authorized and impowered, by Warrant or Writing under their Hand and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of them, to order and impower any Person or Persons whom they, or any Three or more of them shall employ, and with whom they shall contract or agree for that Purpose; and his or their Workmen, Servants, or Slaves, or other Person or Persons to be employed by him or them, to survey, runout, level, drain, raise, ditch, fence, and inclose, and by any Manner of Ways or Means necessary or convenient for that Purpose, to make, or cause to be made, a good and effectual Highway, not ex- Breadth of the ceeding the Breadth of Sixty Feet, in any one Place or Part thereof, and not less ^0caegdn^oto than Forty Feet broad, where so much can be cleared and laid open; and the fame Feet, to be in as straight and direct Lines, and with as few Turnings and as little Declination as the Nature of the Soil and Quality of the Lands thro' which such Road is to be carried, and the Exigency of the Work to be done, can admit of : And that it shall and may be lawful to carry on and prosecute such Work, in Manner aforesaid, and under such Restrictions, Provisoes, and Limitations, as are herein after specified, although the Lands through which such Roads are to be made now are or shall then be verted in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever.

III. And whereas the making and perfecting the said Road, and the keeping the fame in Repair, may be attended with an Expence exceeding the Sums hereby appropriated for that Use; be it therefore further enacted; and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said John Gale, Isaac Gale,

Barnart .Andriefs Woodstock, Nicholas Newton, Francis Cooke, Benjamin Blake,

4 C Norwood

2 ‘j 6 The 1, A W S of JAMAICA Act 15.'.

747-

T!»e Commissioners im-powced to erect Turr.-pikes.

Turnpike

Rate;.

[Proviso.]

Toll-Money to be applied to the Repair of the Road.

Persons not to evade paying see "Poll by g >ing through bjt - Rcado.

Norwood Witter, Francis Sadler Hals,Richard Beckford, Joseph Armstrong, and George Raxtead, the Commifticners and Trustees aforesaid, and the Survivors of them, or any Three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Three T- or more of them shall appoint, as aforesaid, shall and may erect, or cause to be erected. One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road; and there shall receive and take the Toll or Duty following, before any Horse, Cattle, Coach. Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, Kitterin, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall pass through the fame; to wit, For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chair, or Chaise drawn by Six Horses or Mules; the Sum of Three Shillings and Nine-Pence; for every of the said Carriages drawn by Four Horses only, the Sum of Two Shillings and Six-Pence; for every Chaise, Chair, or Kitterin drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of Fifteen-fence; and for everyone drawn only by One Horse, Seven-Pence Plalf-penny; and for every Wain, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage for Goods, Provisons, or Merchandizes only, with Four Wheels, and drawn by Three or more Steers, Florfes, Mules, or Asses, the Sum of Five Shillings; for every Two-wheeled Cart, or other Carriage of the like Kind, or to the like Use, and drawn by less than Three, Two Shillings and Six-Pence; for every Horse, Mare, Mule, or Afs, loaden, and not drawing as aforesaid, Seven-Pence Halfpenny; for every Drove of Steers, Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of Twelve Shillings and Six-Pence per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number; for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Hogs, Goats, Lambs, or Kids, the Sum of Five Shillings per Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Number; for every White Person journeying on Horseback, Seven-Pence Half-penny; and for every Person riding on a Mule or Afs, Seven-Pence Halfpenny.

IV. Provided always, That this Act do not extend to charge with the said Toll any Person or Persons Carriages, Cattle, and Things, that shall from Time to Time be employed in the actual Service of the said Trustees and Commissioners, in the making or repairing the said Roads, or collecting the said Tolls: And the said respective Sums of Money shall be received and taken as and for a Toll or Duty, and the Money thereby to be raised is, and shall hereby be vested in, the said Trustees and Commissioners, and be applied and disposed of for the making, keeping, and repairing the said Road, in such Sort, Manner, and Form as before and herein after is mentioned : And the said Trustees and Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby impowered and authorized by themselves, or such Person or Persons as they or any Three or more of them shall appoint, to levy the said several Tolls or Duties, upon any Person or Persons who shall, upon Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same, by Distress of any Horse or Horses, Cattle or Carriages, or the Goods thereon loaden, from which such Toll is or ought to arise, or upon any other the Goods and Chattels of him or them who ought to pay the same; and such Distress to impound, keep or detain, until such Toll or Duty, with all Costs and Charges reasonably incident to the fame, be paid and satisfied; and further to sell and dispose of the fame, in such Sort, Manner, and Form, as Distress for Rent Arrear, may be fold and disposed of by the Laws and Statutes of Great Britain.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Toll and Duty so to be raised and levied, be by the said Trustees and Commissioners applied to and for the laying out and making of the said Road, and the keeping of the fame in Repair, and the Charges incident thereto; and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons having, or being in the Care, Management, or Occupation of any Lands adjoining or near to such Road, shall willingly or wittingly suffer any Person or Persons to take or make Use of any Roads or By-Paths through such Lands, whereby to prevent the Payment of such Toll or Duty as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so offending, as well the Owner or Occupier of such Lands as the Party making Use of such Artifice to avoid the Payment of the Toll or Duty aforesaid, upon Complaint, in open Section, or before Two or more of his Majesty's

Act 151.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

U'7

Justices of the Peace for the Parish or Precinct where such Offence shall be 174.7. committed, and due Proof thereof made by Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or other probable Circumstance, shall respectively forfeit to the said Trustees and Corn mi (doners Six Times the Value of such Toll or Duty, or Forty Shillings, at the Election of the said Trustees and Commissioners, or any Three or more of them; to be applied by them, or any Three or more of them, to the Use of this Act And further, to prevent such Frauds and Abuses as afcre-said, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Truste,s and Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to erect and place one or more Gate or Gates,

Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the said Road, crors any Lane,

Path, or Way, leading from the said Road, and there to demand, levy, and take such Toll or Duty, and to have such Remedy for the same as aforesaid, so as the fame do not amount to a double Charge, or exacting for the one and the fame Thing in one and the same Day.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Commission-may be lawful to and for such Trustees and Commissioners, or any Three or overLer^'T. more of them, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, by such Warrant of the Road, or Writing as aforesaid, to appoint one or more Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and one or more Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the said Toll or Duty, with such reasonable Sallary, Hire, or Reward as they shall think fit; and them or any of them so appointed to remove, and others in their Flace and Stead to put; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of them, their Servants and Slaves, or any others by them commanded, ordered, or appointed to seek for, dig, carry away, and make Use of, for the making or repairing the said Road, any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other such like Materials, in any common Savannah or other uncultivated Ground not inclosed, next adjoining or most convenient to such Roads.

[Proviso.]

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall be construed to extend to impower the said Trustees and Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting under them, or by virtue of this Act, either in the laying out, making or repairing the said Road, to moled, didurb, or trespass upon any Person or Persons whatsoever, or his or their Dwelling-house, Out-houses or Curtelage,

Works, Negroe-Houses, Cane Pieces, Plantin Walks, or other Provision-Grounds,

or'in any Settlement, Pen, Pelinck, Padure, or other inclosed Grounds whatsoever; but that upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons so mole 'ed, injured, or trespassed upon, in open Session, or before Three or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parish or Precinct where the same shall happen, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices in Sessions, or for such the said Justices to whom such Complaint shall be made, (and they are hereby drid> ly injoined and required so to do) summarily to hear the Parties so complaining, and such Witnesses as they shall offer to produce upon Oath, as likewise the Paid Trustees and Commissioners, and the Persons so appointed by them and their Witnesses; and upon the Whole to make such Order, either for the proceeding in the said Work, or flaying the fame, as to them shall seem meet; such Order so made to be binding upon all Parties, till the said Matter can be heard and determined, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, either by Acflion of Trespass, to be brought by the Party so complaining, or by Removal of the said Proceedings, either by Certiorari, at the Instance of the said Commissioners, or any of them, as the Case shall happen or require.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers so to be appointed by them the said Trustees and Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may demand, take, and receive the said Toll and Duty, and all such Remedy for the same as is herein beforementioned and expressed; and further, that the said Collector and Collectors, Receiver and Receivers be, and are hereby made liable and accounta- able to the ble to the said Commissioners and Trustees, either according to such particular Commission-Contracts as shall be made and shall subsist between them, or, in general, for allers*

such

2 88

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 151,152.

1747. such Sums as they shall respectively receive, over and above such Hire, Wages, — v — or Salary, as is herein before mentioned and provided for.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen that any Dispute shall arise between the said Trustees and Commissioners

t^be^ecided! anc^ Receivers and Collectors, or any of them, or any other of their De-

puties, Servants, or Substitutes, concerning the Sums received cr to be accounted for, or otherwise, or for or concerning any other Thing whatsoever, that the same shall be decided and determined in such Sort, Manner, and Form, and such Order therein made, so to be obeyed and complied with, until the same shall be brought to a final Determination in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, either on Removal of such Proceeding by Certiorari, or other proper Action to be brought by the Party grieved, in such Manner and Form as is herein beforementioned and provided.

XI. And for the further providing for the laying out and making the said Road, and the Expences and Exigencies thereof; be it further enacted and ordained, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and the Survivors, of them or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time, asOccasion shall require, byLeafe or Mortgage of the said Tolls 2nd Duties herein before laid, with Covenants, to execute the Powers herein given, or Asignment of the fame, to raise any Sum or Sums of Money that shall be by them thought necessary for the Purposes aforesaid.

[Proviso.]

XII. Provided always, That this Act, and every Part thereof, shall be and

remain of Force for the Term of Fourteen Years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the next ensuing Session of Assembly, and no longer.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

An Act for regulating and settling the Livings of the Clergy, and ascertaining the fame> and giving the Aifop of London Ecclesi-ajlical furifdiSlion over them.

Act 152. \T 7 HERE AS the Provision made for the Maintenance of the Clergy, Incumbents of the greatest Part of the several Parishes of this Island, is too scanty for a proper and suitable Maintenance, and there is a Necessity for augmenting the fame; and Part thereof being precarious, depending on the Pleasure of the Justices and Vestry of the several Parishes, the Clergy are thereby thrown into an improper State of Dependence : And whereas the Bishop of London, who claims to be Diocesan'of this Island, and to have Coercion over the Clergy here, hath never been admitted to the Exercise of any Spiritual Jurisdiction whatever, but stands excluded therefrom by the Laws of this Island; in order that the In-, cumbents of the several Parishes in this Island may be enabled to live in a decent and comfortable Manner, and in such a State of Independence as is fit and suitable to their Spiritual ‘Vocation; and in case of their falling into'Vice and Immorality, or offending against the Canons of the Church, to the Scandal of their Holy Function, that the fame may be corrected and reiormed, as appertains to the decent and orderly^Government'and Honour of the Church, by a regular and legal Jurisdiction in the Premisses ;• may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Incumbent of every respective Parish hereafter mentioned shall receive of the Church-warden or Churchwardens of each respective Parish such Sums of Money as is herein after directed, every Six Months, by equal Portions so to be raised and collected as is directed in and by an Act, entituled, An Act for the Maintenance of Minifers and the Andsof the an(l erecting and repairing of Churches, viz. To the Incumbent of the Pa-

Sergy regu- rish of St; Catherine, Three hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of lated, St.

2

Act 152.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

289

St. Thomas in the Vale, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Pari Hi of 174.8.

St. Dorothy, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish o Kingston, — 'v — Two hundred and fifty Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of Vere, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of Clarendon, Two hundred and fifty Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of Port Royal, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. Andrew, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. John, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. Thcjnas in the Fajl, Two hundred and fifty Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. David, One hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. George, One hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. Mary, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. Anne, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St.

Tames, Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish of St. Elizabeth,

Two hundred Pounds; to the Incumbent of the Parish o i JVepnoreland, Two hundred and fifty Pounds ;to the Incumbent of the Parish of Hanover, Two hundred Pounds; and to the Incumbent of the Parish of Portland, One hundred Pounds Currency : And the Justices and Vestry in every Parish are hereby re-strained from granting any additional Salary, or levying the fame upon the Jnha- W.ftrics re-bitan ts of their respective Parishes; any Law to the contrary hereof not with handing: And the Justices and Vestry of each Parish in this Island, where there is no additional Parsonage-house, are hereby impowered and required to hire a good House forSilarx-the Minister or Rector, provided the Rent of the fame exceed not the Value of Fifty Pounds per Year; and in case they cannot hire a good and proper House, they are then impowered and required to buy or build one, provided the Charge of Building or Buying the fame amount not to an Expence exceeding the Value of Five hundred Pounds; and where there shall be a Necessity of Building or Buying, the Justices and Vestry shall in open Vestry receive the Proposals of all such who shall offer to fell to, or build for the Parish, and agree to such as shall be then and there judged most reasonable, if they shall think any of them proper to be agreed to

II. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Bishop of BiHiopof£«»-London to exercise ordinary Jurisdiction in this Island, as far as the fame apper- ^aion^ tains to the Ecclesiastical Regimen of the Clergy only; any Law to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, how far to ex-be extended or construed to extend, to give or grant any juridical Authority or tend‘ Coercion, either Spiritual or Temporal, over the Lay Inhabitants of this Island, in any Manner or Form whatsoever; or to controul, abridge, or alter the Jurisdiction of the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being as Ordinary of the fame; or to exercise or interfere in the fame in any Suit or In-stance for Probate of Wills, and granting Letters Testamentary, and Letters of Administration, and Letters of Guardianship or Repeal, or Revocation of any of them, or in any other Manner or Form whatsoever; or with respect to the Presentation or Induction to the several Churches or Parishes in this Island, or any Power or Authority, juridical or otherwise, usually exercised by the Governor or Commander in Chief, as Ordinary thereof, in any Manner or Form whatsoever.

IV. And whereas Doubts may arise upon the Construction of an Oath appointed by an Act for regulating Elections, to be taken before any Person, whose Qualification or Freehold is challenged, shall be admitted to vote at the Election of Members; which Oath divers Beneficed Ministers have scrupled to take, and Beneficed Mi-thereby have been deprived of the Rights and Privileges of Freeholders, which ad*ee. they ought to have and enjoy; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, holders; and That all Rectors of Parishes or Beneficed Ministers in this Island shall be deemed and adjudged, and they are hereby declared to be Freeholders, to all Intents and tions, without Furpoles whatsoever; and shall be accordingly admitted to vote as such at any future the Election of any Member of the Assembly within their respective Parishes, with- ‘‘ out taking the aforesaid or any Oath whatsoever; any thing contained in the said Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

4 D V. And

290

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i53,154.

1748. V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall

- take Place and be in Force from the Twenty-eighth Day of ‘June in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight.

An Act for making free Negroes, Indians, and Mulattoes Evidence in all Canfes againf one another, in all the Courts of this If and.

Act 153

FreeNegroe;, &c. good E-Vidt-nce a-gair-ft each other.

[Proviso.]

Manumitted Slaves to be tried a- if born free.

[Proviso.]

Punish'd for, Perjury.

WHEREAS great Doubts have arisen, how far free Negroes, Indieuis, and Mulattoes may be Evidence against one another, in the several Courts of this Island; from whence great inconveniencies do and may arise, such of them as are born free not being liable to be tried before the Justices and Freeholders, as Slaves and Persons manumitted are: For Remedy whereof, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That all free Negroes, Indians, and Mulattoes, shall be, and are hereby made good Evidence, in all Causes and Controversies, in all the Courts of this island, against one another; and all Courts are hereby authorized to receive their Testimony on Oath, in that Behalf, in the same Manner as if they were White Inhabitants of this Island.

II. Provided that this Act be not construed to extend to admit their Evidence against: any Negroes, Indians, or Mulattoes, that have the Liberties of White Persons, by any Law of this Island, in any Case whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much and such Part of the Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, yin All for the better Order and Government of Slaves, which subjects Negroes born Slaves and afterwards manumitted to be tried for any Crimes by Two Justices of the Peace and Three Freeholders, be, and stand repealed; and that for the future all such Negroes, Indiajis, or Mulattoes, who have been, or shall be manumitted by their Masters, or otherwise, shall be tried for all Offences, in the same Manner as if they were born free; any Thing in the said Act, or in any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Providkd nevertheless, That no Negroe, Indian, or Mulatto, who shall be made free, shall be admitted to give Evidence by virtue of this Law, unless he has been manumitted or made free for the Space of six Months before the Time he shall be produced to give his Testimony; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Negroe, Indian, or Mulatto, shall in any Cause, where he shall give his Testimony, be guilty of Perjury, he shall Suffer such Pains and Penalties, upon being legally convicted thereof, as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by Law liable to.

An Act for causing the Streets, TVays, and Avenues leading into and out of the Town of St, Jago de la Vega to be cleansed; and for keeping the fame constantly clean, and in good Repair.

•Act 154. WHEREAS the Streets of the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and the Paths, W Ways, Roads, and Avenues immediately leading into and out of the fame, are greatly incumbered, and in particular Places almost choaked up by Dunghills, and other Filth, and by the great Number of Penguin Fences, and Poponax, and other Trees and Bushes growing in and about the fame, which harbour Vermin of all Kinds; and such Lots of Land as are not built on, but lye open, are converted into Places for depositing the Dung and Rubbish of the Town, to the great Annoyance of the Inhabitants; whereas, if the fame were kept clean and open, and some proper Places, at convenient Distances, appointed for the laying and depositing of such Filth, Dung and Rubbish as shall be made in the said Town, and such Penguins, Poponax, and other Trees and Bushes rooted up, and the Streets, and such Part of the Ways and Avenues immediately leading into

Act i54.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

291

and out of the fame, kept clean and open, it would greatly contribute to the 1748. Healthiness and Convenience of the Inhabitants; may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's IQand of <Jamaica, That the Justices and Vestry of the Ju(Jjces and Parish of St. Catherine be authorized and impowered, and they are hereby autho- tri/with™ rized and impowered to contract and agree with a proper Person or Persons, at a Persons for certain Sum, who will undertake the fame, to cleanse the Streets, and such Part of the Ways, Paths, Roads, and Avenues, that are immed ately joining on and leading into the fame, and the vacant Lots of Land that are in the said Town, or any Part of the fame; and to remove and carry away all the Filth and Dunghills, and Rubbish of all Kinds, that are in and among the fame; and to root up, cut down, and destroy all such Penguin Fences, Poponax, and other Trees and Bullies, and other Impediments as are in the said Streets, Roads Ways, and Avenues, in or immediately joining to, and leading into and out of the said Town, or any Part of the fame; and to carry and deposit the fame in such 1 lace or Places as shall be assigned by the said Justices and Vestry for that Purpose; and also to agree with such Person or Persons, from Year to Year, jointly or separately, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge convenient, for such Term as they shall judge convenient for the keeping the said Streets, Ways, Roads, Paths, and Avenues, and vacant Lots of Land, or such particular Parts thereof as they agree upon, constantly dean and free from all Dung, Filth, Rubbish, Penguins, Poponax, and Other Trees and Bullies, and other Impediments; and tike w ife to keep the fame constantly in good Repair : And for that Purpose the Justices and Vestry are hereby authorized to divide the said Town into as many Districts or Divisions as they shall think fit, and to ascertain the fame, by entering the fame in the Vestry-book, or such other Method as they shall judge most convenient.

II. And be it also enacted, That such Person or Persons, with whom the Justices and Vestry shall agree, as aforesaid, shall be cal.ed the Tow n-warden, if only one, and Town-wardens, if more than one; and the said Justices and Vestry are hereby authorized to raise such Sums from Year to Year, or otherwise, for the Purposes aforesaid, as they shall agree under their Hands and Seals, to pay such Town-warden or Wardens, as shall be appointed and agreed with from Time to Time, in Manner afore-mentioned, by a Poll Tax upon the fewra! House-Ne-^nd raiseMe-groes employed in the said Town; which Negroes are to be given in upon Oath neybyaPoll-by the respective House-keepers, at a Vestry to be appointed by the said Justices Tax' and Vestry, and so annually at such Time or Times as shall be appointed for that Purpose; and in case any House-keepers shall not at such Vestry or Vestries, so to be appointed, give in the Number of their House-Negroes, or other Slaves, such Defaulter shall be rated at such a Number as the Justices and Vestry shall judge is employed in and about the House of such Defaulter j or that the fame be raised by a Rate upon Houses, to be imposed by the Justices and Vestry in the most: equal Manner as they shall judge most convenient.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Justices and Vestry shall, at the Meeting herein after mentioned, consider of fit and proper Places for carrying and deposit-

ing the Dung, Filth and Rubbish of the said Town, and shall assign as many such To appoint Places as they shall judge fit and proper for that Purpose; which several Places Growing1 they shall cause to be entered in their Vestry-book, and give publick Notices, and Rubbish. cause the same to be affixed at the Court-house in the said Town, that the several Inhabitants may be the better acquainted therewith; and after such Notices shall be affixed and given as aforesaid, that no Dung, Filth, broken Bottles, Shavings, or any other Kind of Rubbish, shall be laid in any of the Streets or Avenues of the said Town, or on Lots of Land that lye open in and about the Town, by any Person or Persons, free or Slaves, whatsoever, but that the fame be carried to such Places as shall be so assigned for that Purpose by the Justices and Vestry as aforesaid, and laid, dropt, or deposited in no other Place whatsoever; on Pain of Forfeiture of Forty Shillings, to be paid by such Inhabitants, of the Master or Mistress of such Servant or Slave as shall offend in the Premisses, to the Town-warden or Penalty on Wardens; the same to be recovered in a summary Way before a Justice of the JfeThere!* Peace in the said Town, who is hereby impowered and required, on Complaint

of

292

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 154.

17-+8. of the said Town-warden or Wardens, to summon such Inhabitant, or Mader or Midrefs of such Servant or Slave who shall offend in the PremifTes, to shew Cause, on a Day to be appointed in such Summons, not exceeding seven Days from the Time of the Complaint made, why he or die should not pay the said Forty Shillings to the Town-warden or Wardens; which Summons shall be served four Days before the Day therein to be mentioned for die wing Cause, by leaving a Copy thereof with the Party, or at their Dwelling-house, such Party so summoned then being in the said Town; and in case the Party summoned does not appear at the Day, or if he does appear, and it shall be proved before such Justice, by the Oath of one lawful Witness, that such Inhabitant, or his or her Servant, or Slave or Slaves, had offended in the PremifTes, by laying, dropping, or depodting any Dung, Filth, broken Bottles, .‘drivings, or any other Rubbish, in any other Place in and about the said Town, than the Places lo to be assigned for that Purpose, as aforesaid, such Justice {Trail forthwith, unless the said Forty Shillings, for every such Offence, be paid before him to the said Town-warden or Wardens, issue his Warrant for ruining the fame, by the Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person so liable to pay the same, together with Fifteen Shillings for the Charges.

[Proviso.]

XV. Provided nevertheless, That if the Mader or Midrefs so summoned, shall deliver up any Slave or Slaves complained of, and proved to have offended in the PremifTes, to the Justice before whom such Complaint shall be made, to be publicly punished for such Offence ns such judice in his Discretion shall think fit j in such Case, such Mader or Midrefs shall be excused from the said Forfeiture of Forty Shillings; provided that no Summons shall heiffued, unless the Complaint be made in a Week after the Offence committed, in case the Party liable to the Forfeiture shall he then in Town, otherwise at any Time after within a Week, when the Party liable shall be in the said Town.

V. And for the more effectual carrying this Law into Execution, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vedry, at their fird Meeting, after pading of this Act, appoint a certain Day, within l x Weeks, for their meeting again, to put this Act in Execution; and that at such drd Meeting they cause publick Notices to be given, that on such Day, so by them to be appointed, they will receive Proposals, treat and agree with such Person or Persons who to them shall seem most fit, and who is or are willing to be Town-warden or Wardens, pursuant to the Tenor of this Act; and the said Justices and Vedry, at such second Meeting, are hereby required to assign under their Hands such Places for the depodting of the Dung, Filth, and Rubbish of the said Town, pursuant to the Meaning of this Act, as herein before is mentioned.

VI. And be it also enacted, That whatever Person or Persons the Justices and Vedry shall agree with, and who shall become Town-warden or Wardens, according so such Agreement, shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in the Penalty of Three hundred Pounds, conditioned for his and their performing his or their Duty, as Town-warden or Wardens, according to his or

formance of their Agreement, and pursuant to the Intent of this Act j and the said Justices and Vedry are further required and impowered, at their lad usual Meeting, which shall immediately be before the Expiration of every Year, or any particular Term they shall agree for, in regard to the said Office of Town-warden or Wardens, to agree again with fume proper Person or Persons for executing the said Office or Offices, and for their immediate entering on the Execution of the fame, at the End and Expiration of the Year, or other Term, which was agreed on between the Justices and Vedry and the other Town-warden or Wardens, in the same Manner and Form as is before mentioned j that the said Town may perpetually be kept clean and decent, according to the Intent of this Act. Any Magistrate or Vedry-man neglectinghis Duty in executing of this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit One hundred Pounds to his Majesty, to be recovered by an Action of Debt or Information in the Grand Court; provided, that no Person diall be liable to be rated to the Poll-Tax for cleaning the said Town, but those who employ three Negroes, or other Slaves, and upward?, in and about their IToufes in the said Town, or Person charged by Way of Rate upon his or her House, who does i - / not

Town-war-

dens to

Duty.

Penalty on Justices and Vellry men neglecting their Duty.

Jf

Act 154, 155. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 29

not pay upwards of Twenty Pounds per Annum Rent, or live in an House of up- 1748. wards of that Value per Annum. ' v~"*-

VII. Provided always, If any Dispute or Difference shall arise, touching whatProviso. Part of the Ways, Paths, Roads, and Avenues that are immediately joining on, and leading into, or out of the said Town, are to be kept clean and repaired by the Town-warden or Wardens, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the same shall be fixed and ascertained by the Justices and Vestry, who are hereby authorized to fix and ascertain the same.

An Act for the more effectual carrying into Execution a Clause in anAB, entitided) An Act for encouraging White People to come over and become Settlers in this Island \ and for the more ealy and speedy settling the North-East Part thereof, for making Port Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships or Vessels.

HERE AS, by an Act of Parliament made in the Fifteenth Year of the Act i 5 Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, entituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade; it was, among other Things, enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand six hundred sixty and four, every Person or Persons importing by Land any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, into any the Lands, Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Territories, or Places in the said Act mentioned, should deliver to the Governor of such Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, or to such Person or Officer as should be by him thereunto authorized and appointed, within Four and twenty Hours after such Importation, his and their Names and Sirnames, and a true Inventory and Particular of all such Goods or Commodities; and no Ship or Vessel coming to any such Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory or Place, should lade or unlade any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, until the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel should first have made known- to the Governor of such Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, or such other Person or Officer as should be by him thereunto authorized and appointed, the Arrival of the said Ship or Vessel, with her Name, and the Name and Sirname of her Mailer or Commander, and have shewn to him that she is an English built Ship, ot‘ made good, by producing such Certificate as in the said Act is mentioned, and have delivered to such Governor, or other Person or Officer, a true and perfect Inventory or Invoice of her Lading, together with the Place or Places in which the said Goods were laden, or taken into the said Ship or Vessel : And whereas, by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act requiring all Masters of Ships"and Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office, it was, among other Things, enacted and ordained, That the Master of every Ship or Vessel, orfome other for him, in case of Disability, before he trade within this Island, or land any Goods on the fame (living Creatures only excepted) should wait upon the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and give Security in the Secretary's Office, with one sufficient Freeholder or well known Merchant (such as by common Repute is held to be worth so much) in the Sum of One thousand Pounds current Money of this Island, that he shall not carry off this Island any Person, without the Governor's Ticket, nor depart himself with his Ship or Vessel without the Governor's Leave, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money of this Island $ which Security the Secretary of this Island for the Time being is thereby impowered to take : And whereas, in and by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act for encouraging 'white People to come over and become Settlers in this Island, and for the more easy and speedy settling the North-east Part thereof; it was, among other Things, enacted, That for the Encouragement of Trade, and the Conveniency of the Town oi Titchfield, and Parish of Portland, therein mentioned, from and after the First Day of December, which should be in the Year of our Lord One

4 E thousand

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 155.

?9+

Governor to appoint a Person to reside at Port Antonio, to receive the Reports of Mailers of Ships, lsc.

Receiver General, Secretary, and Coilefior, to keep their Oflices at Port Antonio.

Their Deputies Authority there.

thousand seven hundred and twenty-six, the Port called Port Antonio should be a Port of Entry and Clearance of all Ships or Vessels; notwithstanding which said last mentioned Act, it hath been impracticable for any Ships or Vessels to enter in or clear from the said Port, for Want of a regular Appointment of such Officers as are necessary for entering and clearing Ships or Vessels in and from the said Port; and for that it would be very inconvenient, by reason of the Distance of the said Port from St. Jago de Iti Vega, and the Roads frequently being impassable in rainy Seasons, for the-Mailers of Ships and Vessels entering in the said, Port, or any others for them, to wait upon the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, before they trade within this Island, or land any Goods on the fame, or in order to their clearing out, or to give such Security to the Secretary of this Island for the Time being, in his proper Person, his usual Residence being necessarily in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, as required in and by the said Act, entituled, An Act requiring all Masters of Ships and Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office, in the Time limited in and by the said Act. And whereas, it would be not only a great Benefit to the said Town and Parish, but to the North-fide of the Island in general, that the Clause in the said recited Act for making Port Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance, should be made effectual and carried into Execution; may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, That the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island do, on or before the First Day of November next ensuing, authorize and appoint such a Person or Officer, within the Intent or Meaning of the said in Part recited Act of Parliament, to be Resident at Port Antonio, and there, for and on Behalf of the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, to receive the Reports of such Persons, Mailers of Ships, and others, that shall import any Goods or Commodities whatsoever, or bring any Ship or Vesselto lade or unlade any Goods or Commodities in this Island, as by the said Act is particularly required to be made to the Governor, or to such Person or Officer as shall be by him thereunto authorized and appointed; and in case of the Death or Removal of such Person or Officer, that the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being do forthwith,-and from Time to Time, as there shall be Occasion, appoint some other proper Person or Officer to succeed the Person or Officer fp dying or removed, so that Ships or Vessels may be at all Times admitted to enter-and clear in and from the said Port, without the Mailers of such Ships or Vessels, or any Persons on their Behalf, being under the Necessity of going to any other Part of the Island, to wait upon the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it also enacted, That the Receiver-General, the Secretary of this Island, and the Collector of the Customs, shall by themselves, or their respective lawful Deputies, to be thereunto particularly appointed from and after the First Day of November next ensuing; and such Person or Officer so authorized and appointed by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, by virtue of the said in Part recited Act of Parliament, shall keep their respective Offices at Port Antonio, and give Attendance in such their respective Offices, in the same Manner and under the like Penalties, in case of Non-attendanee, as the Receiver-General, Secretary, and Naval Officer are respectively obliged to give in the Town of Kingston, by virtue of an Act of the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act for making Kingston a Parish.

III. And be it also enacted, That the Person or Officer to be appointed by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and the respective Deputies of the Receiver-General, and Collector of the Customs, have respectively the fame Authority in the said Port as the Receiver-General, Collector of the Customs, and Naval Officer, respectively have and exercise in Kingston, or elsewhere, by virtue of an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successiors, for the Support of the Government of this Island j and for reviving and perpetuating the ABs and Laws thereof.

Act 155,156. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

295

IV. And be it also enacted, That all Mailers of Ships or Vessels that shall en- -1749.

ter in the said Port, shall be at Liberty to give in Security, as is required by the --v' -

[Proviso.]

Act herein before mentioned, entituled, An Act requiring all Masters of Ships and Mailers of Vessels to give Security in the Secretary's Office, before the Deputy of the Secretary of t^in this If and for the Dime being, who fall be appointed at Port Antonio, by virtue of Security this AB, who is hereby required to transmit such Securities every three Months to the there-Secretary's Office in St. Jago de la Vega, to be filed there. Provided notwithstand- ing, That in case any Ship or Vessel entering in the said Port, and regularly cleared out from thence by the several Officers there; and the Mailer of such Ship or

Vessel have Leave, under the Hand and Seal of the Person or Officer so to be appointed by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, to depart with his Ship or Vessel; and such Mailer shall thereupon depart with his Ship or Vessel, without any further or other Leave from the Governor, such Departure shall not be deemed to be a Breach of the Condition of such Security, so required to be entered into by the Mailers of Ships or Vessels, as aforesaid; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or any Law, Usage, or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstand ing.

V. And be it also enacted, That the Deputies so to be appointed by the Receiver General, Secretary, and Collectors of the Cuiloms, for keeping their Offices respectively at Port Antonio; and the Person or Officer to be authorized and appointed by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall

receive for their Salary respectively the Sum of Seventy Pounds per Annum, to be Deputies Sa* paid them by the Receiver General for the Time being out of the Surplufes oflaries< such Funds as shall at any Time be unappropriated in his Hands.1

VI. And be it also enacted, That all Ships or Vessels entering in the said Port, from any Place to the Northward of the Tropick of Cancer, shall be at Liberty

to pay the Gun-powder that shall be due from such Ships or Vessels, by virtue of Gun-powder the Act herein before mentioned, entituled, An Act of the Governor, Council, and ^theref A[je?nbly of this Island, for granting a Revenue to his Majesty, his Heirs a?id Successorsffor the Support of the Government of this Jfiand; and for reviving and perpetuating the ABs and haws thereof into the Hands of the Receiver General's Deputy at the said Port, to be lodged in the Magazine of and for the Use of the Fort there; any Law or Cuilom to the contrary notwithstanding; who is hereby re quired to keep a particular Account of the same.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, eutitu-led, An Act for canting the Streets, Ways, and Avenues leading into and out of the Town of St. Jago de laVega> to be cleansed; and for keeping the fame constantly clean, and in good Repair.

WHEREAS, by an Act, entituled, An Act for causing the Streets, Ways, Act *56.

and Avenues leading into and out of the Down of St. Jago de la Vega to be cleansed', and for keeping the fame constantly clean, and in good Repair; the Justices and Veilry of the Parish of St. Catharine are authorized and impowered to levy a Tax upon House-Negroes, or a Rate upon Houses, in order to defray the Expences of carrying the said Act into Execution; and whereas, by the said Act, no particular Method is specified and set forth, how and by what Means such Tax upon House-Negroes, or Rate upon Houses, shall be so collected and gathered, nor the Manner by winch the said Justices and Veilry shall compel the Payment of the fame: For Remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of famaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor,

Council, and Assembly of the Island aforesaid, and it is hereby enacted and ordained: by the Authority of the same, That every Tax or Taxes upon Houses, Manner of Negroes, or.Rate or Rates on Houses, which have been already, or hereafter Taxupon shall, be allotted, made or laid, by virtue of the said Act, shall be collected, ga- Houses, Ne-therediand paid, by Warrant from Two or more of his Majesty's [uilices of the £roes' Peace, in the fame Maimer, and with the like Power of Distress, and all other

Powers

J

296

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i 56,157.

1749-

Town-War-dens to remove Penguins.

[Proviso.]

Powers by which the Rate commonly called the Parish Tax, is or hath been gathered, collected, and paid, or may so be by any Law now in being; and with the fame Allowance and Commission for gathering, collecting, and receiving the fame, as is allowed, or allowable by Law, for gathering, collecting, and receiving the Parish Tax aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Penguins shall be for the future planted within the said Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and all that are already growing, or which hereafter shall be growing within the same*, shall be removed and taken away by the Town-Wardens, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the afore-mentioned Act; and the said Town-Wardens shall be paid by the Justices and Vestry, out of the Rates or Taxes they shall raise by virtue of the said Act, such Sum or Sums of Money for doing the same as shall be agreed upon between them and the said Town-Wardens.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That The said Town-Wardens shall not remove or take away any Penguins from the

Land of any Person or Persons within the said Town, before the First Day of November next ensuing.

An Act for the better cuid more effectual Encouragement of White Families to become Settlers iti this If and; and for giving a Bounty to certain Artificers to come over and exercise their several Tirades.

Act

*57- w HE R E AS nothing can tend more to the Security and Prosperity of this Island than the introducing of White Inhabitants, and forasmuch as the many Laws heretofore made have not effectually answered the good Purposes thereby intended; m3y it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That his Excellency Edward Trelawney, Esq; Governor and Commander in Chief of this his Majesty's Island, or the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, the Honourable John Gregory, Esq; the Honourable Sir Simon Clarke, Baronet, the Honourable Hampfon Nedham, the Honourable Thomas Redon, the Honourable Edmund Hyde, the Honourable John Gale, the Honourable Benjamin Hume, the Honourable Isaac Gale, and the Honourable Charles Dawes, Esqrs. Members of his Majesty's Council, and all the Members of his Majesty's Council for the Time being; the Honourable Charles Price, Esq; Speaker of the present Assembly, or the Speaker of the Assembly for the Time being, Andrew Arcedeckne, Rose Fuller, William Morris, William Jones, Henry Archbould, Robert Arcedeckne, Edward Manning, James Qrd, Leu-cock Grijfin, Benjamin Pusey, Joseph Morris, John Pallmer, Robert Bennett, Thomas Fearon, junior, Mojes Kellett, Richard Cargill, George Booth, William Hicks, Robert Duckinfield, John MorJ'e, John Hall, Philip Pinnock, John Dttnston, Henry Moore, Ballard Beckford, Samuel Whitehorne, William Lewis, William Hall, Francis Sadler Hals, Richard Beckford, Richard if tarred, Edward Clarke, Norwood Witter, Barnart Andreas Woodstock, Benjamin Blakes, junior, William Peble, Daniel Peyton, William Wynter, Robert Penny, and William Dawkins, Esqrs. Members of the present Assembly, and all the Members of the Assembly for the Time being, be, and they, and the Survivors of them, are hereby nominated and appointed Commissioners for the introducing, supporting, and settling all Persons who shall or may be imported, or come over into this Island, in order to become Settlers under the several Encouragements in this Act mentioned : And that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners/ and the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their'Hands, impowered to to depute or appoint Agents in the Kingdom of Great Britain, or elsewhere, to appoint A- treat and agree with any Family or Families of White People to come over and % riat Britain, reside in this Island; and to make Contracts or Agreements with any Masters or Owners of Ships or Vessels for the Embarkation and bringing such Families over,

and

Commissi-o'ners appointed

I

4

Act 157. 'Fhe LAWS of JAMAICA.

297

j

and to provide for them all fit and convenient Necessaries for their Voyage: And 1749. it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or the Survivors of y~\^ them, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, as to them shall seem meet, to demand and receive of and from the Honourable Benjamin flume, Esq; the Commissioner for the Receipt and issuing the Publick Money, or the Commissioner for the Time being, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Two ^nddrauf om thousand Pounds, Sterling Money of Great Britain, per Annum, for the Term •!>- Receiver of Fourteen Years from the passing of this Act; to be by them, or any Five or more of them, remitted, according to their best Discretions, to Persons that shall be by them deputed Agents, as aforesaid j with full Power and Authority to lay out and employ the fame in the procuring and fitting out, and paying the Passage of all such Families of White People as shall be inclined to receive the Benefit of f-or;mport;ng this Act, and in making reasonable Satisfaction to the said Agents for their Trou- White Fami. b!e and Pains therein; ail which said Families, so to be introduced as aforesaid, ]ies* are, and they and every of them are hereby declared to be free from all Services, and to be at Liberty, at or after their Arrival, of disposing' of themselves, and entering on such Employments in such Manner as to them shall seem most meet and convenient.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Fa mi- wllo are to be lies of White People as shall be introduced into this Island by virtue of this Act, lodged, main-shall immediately on their Arrival in the Harbour of Kingston, be received and ta,ntd» &c-lodged by the said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, or by such Persons as by them shall be appointed, in some convenient Dwelling House or Houses, there to be maintained and subsisted with good sufficient Meat, Drink, Washing, Lodging, and other Necessaries, until such Time as they and every of them shall be provided elsewhere, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act:.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Ben- ReCeiver Ge-jamin I-Iume, the Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, shall, «*ral to give and is hereby required, from Time to Time, to give publick Notice of the Arrival of such Family or Families, and to continue such Notices so long as any such Families shall continue under the Care of the Commissioners.

IV. And as an Encouragement to all Persons to receive and entertain such Families, of White People in his, her, or their Settlements and Plantations, and to provide for them as herein after mentioned; be it enacted by the Authority Personsemer-aforesaid, That all and every the Owners and Proprietors of any Lands, Planta- ruling White tions, or Settlements within this Island, who shall, by and with the Consent and Families. Approbation of any of the said Families so to be introduced as aforesaid, and not otherwise, take and receive such Persons and Families, and grant and convey to

the Head or Chief of such Family, a lure and indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, of and in Twenty Acres of good and plantable Land, within a Mile of some Plantation or Settlement whereon some White Person is resident; with Four Acres of the said Twenty Acres well and sufficiently planted, in a good and husband-like Manner, with Corn, Potatoes, and other Provisions, with a good and sufficient Dwelling House or Houses on the said Land, of the real Value of Fifty Pounds; and also, in like Manner, and for such Estate, convey and deliver One good and able Negroe Slave, of the Value of Thirty-five Pounds at the least, to the Head or Chief of such Family so intended to be settled and provided for; and shall also pay unto the Head or Chief of such Family, the Sum of Twenty Pounds in Money;-or in case no Owner or Proprietor of any Lands, Plantations, or Settlements, shall offer, who is immediately prepared to comply with the above-mentioned Terms; then in case any Owner or Proprietor shall enter into Bond to his Majesty, in the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with One or more good and sufficient Securities, to be approved of by the said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, to grant and convey such Estate, of and in the said Twenty Acres of good and plantable Land, in such Situation as is above-mentioned, with Four Acres thereof well and sufficiently planted, in Manner above-mentioned, with a good and sufficient Dwelling House or Houses therein to be erected, of the real Value of Fifty Pounds: And also, in like

4 F Manner,

Notice of their Arrival.

Encouragement given to

1

Act i 57.

298 The LAWS of JAMAICA.

1749. Manner, and for the fame Estate, convey and deliver One able Negroe Slave, of — v — the Value of Thirty-five Pounds at the least, to the Head or Chief of such Family; and also pay to the Head or Chief of such Family the Sum of Twenty

Pounds in Money, within the Space of Six Months next after the Date of the said

Bond; and shall also, in the mean Time, find and provide, at his or their own

proper Charges and Expences, good and sufficient Meat, Drink, Waftiing, and Lodging, for such Families: Ail and every such Owners and Proprietors of the said Lands, Plantations, and Settlements, so taking and providing for any such Family as aforesaid, or entering into such Security for that Purpose as aforesaid, each^F^l entitled to the Sum of One hundred and Forty-five Pour.ds for each

settled. 1 y Family, so to be settled and provided for as aforesaid, with Interest at Eight Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from the Time of taking such Families from the said Commissioners until Payment thereof by the said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them; provided always that the Party or Parties so entering into Bond as aforesaid, shall not be entitled to receive the said Sum of One hundred and forty-five Pounds and Interest, until it shall appear to the Commissioners that the Condition of such Bond hath been in all Things fully complied with.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Owner or Proprietor of Lands, Plantations, or Settlements in this Island, shall, A further Pre- at his or their own Charge and Expence, introduce such Family or Families into mium toper- ]flanci} and grant and convey a sure and indefeasible Estate of Inheritance in in"SWhiteUC" Fee Simple of and in the like Number of Twenty Acres of good and plantable Families. Land, Four Acres whereof to be planted as aforesaid, with a good Dwelling House or Houses thereon, of the Value aforesaid; and shall in like Manner, and for the like Estate, convey and deliver to the Head or Chief of such Family or Families, a good and able Negroe Slave of the Value aforesaid, and pay unto him, her, or them, the said Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Family, and shall support and provide for them until they are in full Possession and Enjoyment of the said Premisses: All and every such Person and Persons so introducing such Family or Families at his or their own Charge and Expence, and providing for and supporting them as aforesaid, shall be entitled to have and receive of and from the said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, the like Sum of One hundred and forty-five Pounds; together also with the further Sum of Ten Pounds for each Person in such Family or Families they shall so introduce as aforesaid, with Interest at Eight Pounds per Cent, per Annum, from the Time of such Introduction till Payment thereof.

[Proviso.]

VI. Provided always, That no Owner or Proprietor of any Lands, Plantations, or Settlements, taking or receiving any Family or Families so imported at the publick Charge and Expence as aforesaid, with Intent to settle them; and no Owner or Proprietor of any Lands, Plantations, or Settlements, at their own Costs and Charges, introducing and importing any such Family or Families into this Island, and settling and providing for them in manner as aforesaid, shall be entitled to the Bounty hereby granted, unless it shall appear to the said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, either of their own certain Knowledge, or by a Certificate under the Hand of the Head or Chief of the Family or Families so to be taken and provided for, or introduced as aforesaid, given in the Presence of and attested by a Justice of the Peace, or by a Certificate of One or more Justices of the Peace, and of Three Planters, Freeholders, of known Property in the Neighbourhood where the Lands lye, upon View of and due Examination into the Prpmifles, that the Lands so granted and conveyed to the respective Families are, according to the best of their Judgment, good and plantable Lands, arid do contain the aforesaid Quantity of Twenty Acres, whereof Four Acres are planted in Manner as aforesaid, and wjiereon is aDwelling-House or Houses of the Value of Fifty Pounds; and that the Negroe Slave so conveyed and delivered is of the Value of Thirty-five Pounds; and that the said Family or Families have respectively had and received the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, and have been subsisted and maintained until the lime of the Possession of the said Premisses, given to them according to the true Intent and Meaning of

299

Act 157. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

this Act, and according to the Tenor and Condition of the aforesaid Bond, in 1749. such Cases where any Bonds have been entered into, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as well New.comers the said Families, who shall be imported by and received from the Commissi- to favc a De-oners appointed by this Act, as also all such Families as shall be imported at the Expence of private Persons, although such Persons and Families shall not be ob- tiing them, liged to do or perform any personal Duty or Service, to or for such Persons so

taking and importing, and providing for them; yet, that every Person and Persons, in each and every of the said Families, shall be allowed to save a Deficiency for the Party taking and receiving such Families from the said Commissioners, or importing them themselves, during all such Term and Times as any Law to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Island to provide themselves with asufficient Number of White Persons capable of bearing Arms, or White Women or Children, or pay certain Sums of Money in case they shall be deficient, commonly called Lbe Dejiciaicy Law, shall be subsisting, not exceeding the Term and Space of Four Years in the Whole; which said Deficiencies, and the Number of them, and the Time from whence such Deficiencies shall take Places shall be certified to the Justices and Vestry of the several Parishes of this Island, authorized to raise and levy the said Tax, under the Hands of the said Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or the Survivors of them, or any Three or more of them; to be given to the Party or Parties applying for and entitled to the fame, upon Request of them for that Purpose made.

VIII. And in case it shall happen that any Families shall remain unprovided Commissi-for, and not be disposed of to any Owners or Proprietors of Lands, Plantations, p™~ or Settlements; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may milies not set-be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any tle<5>

Five or more of them, to agree for and purchase a sufficient Quantity of good and plantable Land, in any convenient Part or Place, in any Parish or Parishes in this Island, not further distant than a Mile from any Settlement whereon some White Person is resident, to grant and convey Twenty Acres thereof, divided unto each Family, as aforesaid, Four Acres whereof to be planted with Provisions, in Manner aforesaid; and to erect a good Dwelling House or Houses, of the Value of Fifty Pounds; and to convey and deliver unto the Head or Chief of each of the said Families a Negroe Slave of the Value of Thirty-five Pounds; and to pay unto such Families and each of them the said Sum of Twenty Pounds, and subsist them in good and sufficient Meat, Drink, Washing and Lodging, and other Necessaries, until the said Settlement shall be compleated, and the Possession thereof, together with the Negroe and Money aforesaid, delivered to the Head or Chief of every such Family or Families so left unprovided, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons Famijies {ni_ who shall import themselves, with their Families, from any of his Majesty's Co- porting them-ionics in America, with Intent to become Settlers in this Island, on the Encourage-

ment of this Act, shall, and they are hereby respectively declared, and be enti- F°V1 e or' tied to the several Benefits and Advantages hereuntofore mentioned; and shall be received, lodged, supported, settled, and provided for, under the fame Regulation, and in like Manner, as if such Persons, with their Families, had been imported from Great Britain, or elsewhere; and shall, over and above, have and receive from the said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, all such Sums of Money as they shall reasonably have expended on Account of their Passage.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Freed from Family or Families, who shall or may be introduced into this Island, with Intent Parochial to become Settlers therein, in pursuance of this Act, shall be, and they are here- Taxes» c' by respectively declared to be free, and discharged of and from all Manner of publickand parochial Taxes whatsoever (the Quit-rents hereafter to grow due and payable only excepted) for the Space of Seven Years; and they, and every of

them, are hereby declared to be freed and exempted of and from all Manner \ of Services, Duty, and Offices whatsoever (the Militia only excepted) for the I like Term of Seven Years.

5

3°°

The LAWS of 'JAMAICA. Act 157,158.

1749.

I'roviso.

•Artincers encouraged 10 come over.

Receiver General not to advanceabovt 60001, per jinnum for this Use.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That no Person, or the Heirs or other Represen-tatives of such Persons to whom any Grant or Conveyance of House, Land, or Negroe, that shall be made in pursuance of this Act, shall, within the Space of Seven Years from the Date of such Grant or Conveyance, lease, convey, assign, or otherwise dispose of, except by Will only, the said House and Land, or Negroe, either in possession, Reversion, or Remainder; and all and every such Grant or Grants, and other Conveyance, made contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, are hereby declared to be null and void; any thing herein before to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And for the further Encouragement of the Several Artificers herein after-mentioned to come over and exercise their Several Crafts and Mysteries in this

j

Island, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Said Commissioners, or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, to authorize and impower their Said Agents in Great Britain, or any others whom they shall elsewhere appoint, to find and provide for all such Artificers, viz. Coppersmiths, Millwrights, Wheelwrights, Sawyers, Karness-Makers, Taylors, Peruke-Makers, Blackfiniths, Carpenters, Joiners, Masons, Bricklayers, Coopers, Shoemakers, Sadlers, Sugar-Bakers, Plumbers, and Gunsmiths, as are willing arid desirous of coming over with an Intention to exercise their respective Crafts and Mysteries, a fit and commodious Passage in any Ship or other Vessel bound for this Island; which said Artificers, and each of them, shall have and receive from the said Commissioners or the Survivors of them, or any Five or more of them, within Ten Days after their Arrival in the Harbour of Kingston, or any other Port within this Island, a Bounty of Ten Pounds current Money of Jamaica.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Benjamin Hume, Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, do in like Manner pay unto the said Commissioners first above named, and the Survivors of them, or any Five of them, all such further and other Sums of Money as shall or may be necessary for the paying and discharging all such further and other Sums as shall be found necessary for the carrying of this Act into Execution, not exceeding the Sum of Six thousand Pounds yearly, and every Year during the Continuance of this Act; the aforesaid first mentioned Sum of Two thousand Pounds Sterling Money oi Great Britain included.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing herein contained, shall continue and be in Force for the Term of Fourteen Years from the passing hereof, and no longer: And that the Secretary of this Island do cause the same to be printed, and Twenty Copies thereof delivered to the Governor, and each of the Members of the Council and Assembly of this Island, and to every Gjios of each Parish, "to be by them promulgated according to their Directions; the Charge of which shall be paid by the said Benjamin Hume, the Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being.

An Act for vesting the Toll, heretofore granted ft? William Peete, by virtue of an Act, entituled, An Act for impowering William Peete to keep the Ferry, and erect a Toll-Gate or Turnpike between St. Catharine s and St. Andrew s, and taking up runaway Negroes, in Iruflees, for repairing the Roads between Rio Co-bre, in the Parish of St. Catherine, and Waterhouse Savannah, in the Parish of St. Andrew; and other Purpfes therein mentioned.

Act 1 58. W T PEREAS *n and by an Act, entituled, An Act for impowering William Peete to keep the Ferry and creB a Toll-gate or Turnpike, between St. Catharine's and St. Andrew's, and taking up runaway Negroes, reciting, among other Things, that 3 Road and Passage by Land between the Parishes of St. Catherine

3°i

m — *---- - A - j

Act 158. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

herine and St. Andrew had been thentofore found of great Use and Advantage 1749. to the whole Island, as being an easy, safe, and near Communication to the several Precincts; and that it would be necessary that the old Road should be amended* or a new Road made; and that a Ferry should be kept for an Accommodation and Passage over the River Rio Cobre, and the Bridge kept in Repair; For the Encouragement of so good and necessary a Work, it was thereby inter alia enacted, That the said William Peete, his Heirs and Assigns, were by that A<fl impowered and authorized, for the Space of Fourteen Years from the passing of that Act, to alk, demand, and receive, as a Duty and Toll for the transporting of any Person over the said River, when necessary; and for the Passage of any Person, Cattle, Mules, Sheep, Hogs, or other Stock, through the Turnpike therein mentioned, on or along the said Road, the following Toll or Duty, viz. For every grown horned Beast, Seven Pence Half-penny; for every Horse, Seven Pence Half-penny; for Sheep, Goats, and Hogs, Five Shillings/w Score, andfoin Proportion for a greater or lesser Number; for a Coach, Chariot, or FourWheel Chaise, with Four or Six Horses, Coachman, Poflillion, and Footman, at the Rate of Seven Pence Half-penny for each Horse; and for a Two Wheel Chaise and Horse or Horses Fifteen Pence; and for a Wain or Cart, including Cattle and Carmen,

Seven Pence Half-penny for c xh Beast; and for every Person that shall be ferried over Seven Pence Half-penny; And whereas the Term for which the said Toll was granted to the said William Peete, expires at or upon the Fifth Day of June next ensuing, and it is necessary that the Road and Passage between the Parishes of St. Catherine and St. Andrew, herein before mentioned, and which were to be repaired by the said William Peete, in virtue of the said Law, should be kept in good and passable Repair, which frequently after the rainy Seasons in many Places is dangerous to Passengers, and the Ferry over the Rio Cobre at such Times is frequently useless; and the said Road cannot, by the ordinary Course provided by the Laws for repairing the Highways of this Island, be effectually amended and kept in good Repair: To the Intent that the said Road may, with all convenient Speed, be effectually repaired and amended, and hereafter kept in good and sufficient Repair, so that all Persons may travel the fame with Safety 5 may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of thisyour Majesty's Island of Jamaica,That the Honourable Hamp- Tru^ees , son Needham, the Honourable Edmond Hyde, and the Honourable Benjamin Hume, pointed. Esqrs. Members of his Majesty's Council, the Honourable Charles Price, Esq; Speaker of the present Assembly, William Dawkins, Philip Pinnock, William Peete, Henry Archbould', Rose Fuller, John Dunston, John Morse, and George Ellis, Esqrs. shall, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for the surveying, ordering, amending, and keeping in Repair the said Road 3 and also for putting in Execution all other the Powers in and by this Act: given; And that they and the Survivors of them, or any Three or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Three or more of them, shall authorize and appoint, shall and may upon and after the Fifth Day of June, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty, receive and take the Impowered^ Tolls and Duties herein before particularly recited, and which were taken by the e 0 3 said William Peete during the Term granted to him therein, in and by the before recited Act and shall and may ered and build a Toll-gate or Turnpike, and Toll-house, at the Bridge which divides the said Parishesi and take and receive the said Tolls and Duties before "any Person, Cattle, Mules, Sheep,

Goats, Hogs, Carriage or Carriages, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; which said respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll or Duty, and the Money so to be raised and collected is and hereby shall be vested in the said Trustees i and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, or assigned to and for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein after mentioned and declared : And it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, and such Person and Persons as they ( or any Three or more of them shall, under their Hands and Seals from Time to t°ii b^Dif-Time, nominate and appoint to levy the Tolls and Duties hereby laid and re- tress, on Re-

4G quired fofeiofPay-

merit.

3° 2

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 158.

1749-

Penalty on Owners of Land near the Turnpike for suffering Cattle, Carriages, &c. to pass through, to evade paying the Toll.

Trustees to appoint Collectors of the Toll, Surveyors of the Roads, &c.

Collectors to give in an Account upon Oath, if required, of Money received, &0.

quired to be paid,upon any such Person or Persons who {hail, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the same, as aforesaid, by Distress of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Goods, upon or for which such Toll or Duty is.by this Act imposed and made payable, or by Distress of any other of the Coods of such Person or Persons who ought to pay the same, and to detain and keep such Goods until such Toll or Duty, with the reasonable Charges of such distraining and keeping, shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons so distraining, after the Space of Four Days after such Distress made and taken, to fell the Goods so distrained and taken, returning the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Toll, Duty, and reasonable Charges for distraining and keeping the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, owing, renting, or occupying any Land or other Tenements near to the Turnpike-Gate or Bar which shall be erected, continued or kept up, in Pursuance of this Act, shall knowingly or willingly suffer any Person or Persons whatsoever to pass through any Gate, Passage, or Way, with any Coach, Chaise, Chariot, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriages, Plorfe, Mule, or any Sort of Cattle, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls or Duties by this Act laid, is or shall be fraudulently avoided; every such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted upon Oath before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them (which Oath the said Trustees or any Three or more of them are hereby impowered to administer) or before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Precind wherein the Offence shall happen to be committed (which Oath the said Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby also impowered to administer) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees hereby authorized to put this Act in Execution, or to the Treasurer for the Time being appointed by the said Trustees, the Sum of Twenty Shillings; which Sum, in case the fame be not forthwith paid, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or of the said respective Justice or Justices of the Peace, rendering the Overplus to the Owner on Demand, after deduding the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale; to be settled by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or by the said respective Justice or Justices of the Peace.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them present at their First Meeting, or any fuc-cccding Meeting, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, shall and nv.iy choose and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons to be Collector or Coi-lcdors of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid; and also one or more he Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors, to view the Condition of the said Road, and to see that the fame is repaired, and that the Money by this Act: to be raised is duly applied; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may also appoint all such other Officers as shall be necessary for the putting this Act in Execution, and from Time to Time may remove such Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones in case of such Removal, or of the Deaths of any of them respectively; and such Person or Persons as is or are by this Act made liable to pay the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, shall pay the same after the Rates aforesaid, to such Collector or Collectors as shall from Time to Time be appointed to receive such Tolls and Duties; and the Person and Persons so appointed to be Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath (if thereto required by the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Precind: or Place through which the said Road leads) which Oath such Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, is and are hereby impowered and required to administer, when thereunto required during the Continuance of this present Act) give in a true, perfect, and exact Account, in Writing, under their respective Hands, of all the Moi ey which he and they, and every or any of them shall to such Time have received, paid and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, or by reason of his or their respective

Office

Act 158.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

303

Office or Offices; for which Oath no Fee or Reward shall be taken; and in case 1749, any Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Persons or Persons as they or any Three or more of them shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, authorize and impower to receive the same, and shall be disbursed and laid out in amending the said Road; and for other ne-ceffiary Purposes relating thereto, according to the true Meaning of this Act, and not otherwise.

IV. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Proviso, Trustees, or any Seven of them, from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, to contradf and agree with any Person or Persons for the amending and keeping the said Road in good Repair, for any Term not exceeding Three Years at any one Agreement; and to appropriate and apply the said Toll so to be received by virtue of this Act for that Purpose: And the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, out of the Money arising by the said Toll or Duties, make such Allowance to the Collector or Collectors, and the Surveyor and Surveyors, and to such other Officers as shall be so appointed as aforesaid, for and in Consideration of his and their Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of his or their respective Office and Offices, and to such other Person and Persons as have been or shall be assisting in and about procuring the said Road to be repaired, by advancing or laying out any Money, or otherwise relating thereunto, as to the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall seem good $ and in case the said Collector or Collectors of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties so to be paid as aforesaid, or any of them, or other Person or Persons concerned, shall not give Colleaor of and make such Account and Payment as the said Trustees, or any Three or [)heeT°)Iifp°e, more of them, shall order, direct or require, that then any Two or more Juf- when not mu tices of the Peace, at any Special or other Sessions to be holden for any of dering a just the Precincts in which the said Road doth lie, and in which the said Collector Account' or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, hath or have acted or been employed, and made such Default as aforesaid, shall make Enquiry of and concerning such Default, as well by Confession of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath the said respective Justices are hereby impovVered and required to administer, without Fee or Reward; and if any Person or Persons shall be thereof convicted by such Justices, they shall upon such Cofiviction commit the Party or Parties so offending to the common Gaol of the County, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment, as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Power of the may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person and Persons of

as he or they shall appoint, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Gravel,

Sand, Stones, or other Materials, out of any Savannah, Waste, uninclosed, or unopened Land, River or Brook (Timber only excepted) in or near which the said Road doth lie, as shall be proper for repairing and amending the said Road, without paying any Thing for the fame; such Surveyor or Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled, all such Holes and Pits where any such Materials as aforesaid shall be digged, gathered or taken, and from whence the same shall be carried away; and where there is not sufficient of such Materials; Savannahs, waste, uninclosed, or unopened Land, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, by order of the Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to dig, and gather the fame out of the several Ground or Grounds of any Person or Persons (not being the Ground whereon any House or Houses stand.

Garden, Yard, or Meadow planted. Walk or Walks, or Avenue to an House', or any Piece or Parcel of Provision-Ground, where any such Materials are or may be found, and from Time to Time to carry away such and so much thereof as the said Surveyor or Surveyors in their respective Places shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid ;• paying such Rates for such Materials, and for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of the Grounds where and from whence the same shall be digged, gathered, or car-

S ried

1749-

To turn Wa-

ier-Courses,

fcfr.

And make

Causeways,

&c.

Pines and Forfeitures, Jiow recovered.

Right and Property of the Turnpike vested in the Trustees.

This Act to be in Force Nine Years.

ried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any Three or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, touching such Damage as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace of the Precincts wherein the Matter in Dispute shall arise, within their respective Jurisdictions, and in their respective General Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of such Justices then present, shall and may adjudge, assess, and finally determine the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint by the Directions of the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, under their Hands from Time to Time, to remove and prevent all Annoyances on or in any Part of the said Road, by Filth, Dung, Rubbish, or otherwise, and to turn any Water-Courses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the said Road, to the Prejudice thereof, and to cleanse any Ditch or Water-Course adjoining to the said Road; and to cut down, lop, or top any Tree (other than and except Timber or Fruit Trees) or Bullies growing in the said Road, or on the Banks or Hedges adjacent thereto, and take and carry away the fame: Provided, That whenever it shall be thought necessary by the said Trustees, or any Seven of them, to turn any Water, or make any new Drains, the same shall be by the said Trustees carried and conducted in the most proper and effectual Manner into some River, to prevent as much as possible any Prejudice to Lands of any private Person.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person and Persons as they shall appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to make or cause to be made Causeways, and to cut and make Drains through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Road, and to repair and sustain such Bridges as are already built on the said Road, and to make and erect any other Arches or Bridges of Brick, Timber, or Stone, upon the said Road.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act: imposed or incurred, touching which no other Provision is by this Act made, shall be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of or for the Pre-cind where the Offence shall happen j which Warrant or Warrants the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to issue, upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) and the Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered, after rendering the Overplus (if any be) upon Demand, to the Party or Parties whose Goods or Chattles shall be so distrained and fold, the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deduded, shall go and be applied and laid out (if not otherwise applied or disposed of by this Act) for and towards amending the said Road hereby intended to be repaired.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Right, Interest and Property of the Turnpike and Toll-house, which shall be erected by virtue hereof, shall be vested in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put this Act in Execution; and that they, or any Three or more of them, at any of their publick Meetings, shall, and they hereby have Power to dispose of the said Turnpike and Toll-house as they shall think proper, and to bring Actions, and prefer B Is of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away, break down, or spoil the fame, or any of them.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all the Tolls, Duties, and Powers hereby granted and given, shall take Place from and immediately at and after the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years granted in the said Tolls and Duties to the said William Peete by the before recited Act j and shall continue and be in Force, and be paid from thence, for and during the Term of Nine Years.

5

Act 158. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

3 °5

XI. Provided also, and be it farther enacted and declared by the Authority 1749. aforesaid, That such of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put this Act 4 — "v — in Execution, as is, are, or shall be, in the Commission of the Peace for any of the Trustees may Precincts thro'which the Road aforesaid leads, such Trustee and Trustees shall and Juf' may act as a Justice or Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions,

for the effectual putting in Execution the several Authorities and Powers given in and by this present Act, notwithstanding such Justice or Justices is or shall be a Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid; and for continuing a sufficient Number of fit Persons to be Trustees for putting this Act in Execution.

XII. Bio it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Truf- On Vacan-tee or Trustees, appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall die, or^hpw^ be absent from this Island for the Space of Two Years, or shall refuse to act in ihaTibccho-the Trust reposed in him or them; then it shall and may be lawful to and for fen.

any Seven or more of the remaining Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled by any Writing or Writings, or Entry in their Book or Books of Orders under their Hands, to nominate, elect, and appoint in the Room of such Trustee or Trustees so deceased, absent, or refusing to act as aforesaid, some other fit Person or Persons to be joined with the Trustees appointed to put this Act in Execution; and all the Powers and Trusts hereby reposed in them, and all and every such Person and Persons so to be nominated, elected, and appointed as aforesaid,

shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby impowered to act, and to do to all Intents and Purposes in as full, large, and ample Manner as any Trustee or Trustees is and are impowered to do by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Truf- Meetings of tees aforesaid, or any Seven or more of them, shall meet together at the House regulated669 of William Peete, Esquire, commonly called the Ferry, on or before the Thirtieth

Day of June next ensuing, and shall then adjourn themselves; and shall afterwards meet there or at any other Place or Places, near the said Road so to be repaired as aforesaid, as the Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think proper or convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution : And if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, which shall be appointed by the said Trustees, a sufficient Number of them to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to any other Day, then, in such case, the Clerk tot the said Trustees, by Notice in Writing under his Hand, to be fixed on the Turnpike-Gate, to be erected by virtue of this Act, at leaftTen Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint the said Trustees to meet at the House where the last Meeting of the ltid Trustees was appointed to be held, on that Day Three Weeks on which such last Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to be held* and that the said Trustees, at their first and all their subsequent Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

XIV. And to the End that no Disputes may arise, touching the Application Toll-Money of the Money arising by the Tolls by this Act granted; be it declared and ^Repair enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees for putting this Act of the Road, in Execution, or any Three or more of them, shall order and direct, that all ®c'

the Money arising or to arise, and be collected, by virtue of this Act, at the said Turnpike, shall be laid out and applied in amending and repairing the said Road, and maintaining a Ferry-Boat on the Rio Cobre, and repairing the several Bridges on the said Road.

[Proviso.]

XV. Provided, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, in every such Case the Action or Suit shall be brought within Six Months next after the Fadls committed, and not afterwards; and shall be commenced and prosecuted in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action or Suit to be brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, Not Guilty, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had; and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act: And if. the same shall appear so to be done, or such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, as aforesaid; then the Jury shall find

4 H for

306 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 15^, 159-

1749. for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or y~ — j Plaintiffs shall become non-suited, or discontinue his or their Action, after the Defendant and Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurer, Judgment shall be against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant and Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Cases in Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a publick Act, and to be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Slaves run away Six Months.

An Act to injliB further and other Punishments on runaway Slaves, and such as shall entertain the?n.

Act 159. WHEREAS great Numbers of Neg roe and other Slaves have of late

run away from the Service of their Owners or Employers, and have taken Shelter in the Towns or other Places; and whereas, by their long and frequent Desertion, great Encouragement is given to others to follow their Example, which may prove of dangerous Consequence to this Island, if not timely prevented; and whereas the Punishments hitherto inflicted by Law for such Offences have not proved effectual: In order therefore to remedy the like Inconveniencies for the future, and to deter others from running away, and also to prevent their being harboured or entertained, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That every Negrce or other Slave, of the Age of Eighteen Years, or upwards, born in this Island, or that has been, or shall be imported into this Island, and that hath, or shall reside in the fame for the Space of three Punishment of Years after such Importation, that shall run away, or absent him or herself from c'" " the Service of his or her Owner or Employer, without the Content of such Owner or Employer, for the Space of six Calendar Months, shall be tried in such Manner and Form as other Slaves in this Island are usually tried for capital Offences; and on due Proof and Conviction therepf shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as shall be inflicted by the Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of them, one of which to be a Justice.

II. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Owner or Owners of any such runaway Negroe, or other Slave, who may be

convicted and suffer Death, as aforesaid, shall be paid the Value of such Negroe or other Slave, but that the Loss thereof shall fall upon the Owner of such Negroe or other Slave; any Thing in this Act contained, or any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Negroe or other Slaves, as aforesaid, that shall be run away at the Time of the passing of this Act, and that shall continue to absent themselves for the Space of six Months, shall be tried and punished in like Manner as Negroe and other Slaves, who shall run away after the passing of this Law, and absent themselves for so long Time.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negroe, Punishment of Indian, or Mulatto Slave, shall harbour, conceal, or entertain any runaway Ne-slaves, &V. groe or other Slave, knowing him or her to be such, every such Negroe, Indian, Runaways! or Mulatto Slave, so harbouring, concealing, or entertaining any such Runaway,

shall be tried in Manner aforesaid; and, on due Proof and Conviction thereof, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as the two Justices and three Freeholders, or the major Part of them, of which one to be a Justice, shall adjudge.

V. Provided, That no Negroe, Indian, or Mulatto Slave shall be punished, by virtue of this Act, for harbouring, concealing, or entertaining any runaway Slave, unless Prosecution for the fame be commenced within one Month after the Discovery of the said Offence.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Act i 59,160. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 307

VI. Provided also, That no Negroe or other Slave, shall be punished, by 1749. virtue of this Act, for running away, or absenting him or herself from the Service

[Proviso.]

of his or her Owner or Employer, unless Prosecution for such Offence be commenced within three Months after his or her being taken or returned to his or her Owner or Employer.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act forthwith to be printed, and Twenty Copies thereof sent to the Custos, or Chief Magistrate, of the respective Parities of this Island, who are to take the most effectual Method of making it publick.

A?t AM to enable the Dire El or s of the Bath of *SV. Thomas the Apostle to grant certain Lots> and Parcels of the Bath La?id in Fee, and adding Directors to those already appointed; and for the render'i7ig the said Bath more ufefttl to the Publick.

WHEREAS divers Lots or Parcels of Land, commonly called the Bath- Act 160, Land, in the Parish of St. Lhotnas in the East, in this Island, have been by the Directors, or by Commissioners acting as Directors of the Bath of St. Lho-mas the Apostle, appointed by the several Acts of this Island, for rendering the Bath useful to the Publick, granted or lett out on Leases to divers Persons for Terms of Years 3 and several of the said Lessees have been and still are at a considerable Charge and Expence in falling, clearing, and fencing their said Lots and Parcels of Land, and in building Houses on the fame : And whereas the perpetuating the aforesaid Lands, together with such future Grants as shall be made of the same to the respective Lessees and Proprietors thereof, and their Heirs in Fee, under the several Limitations and Restrictions herein after mentioned, will be the most probable Means of well-settling and peopling the said Bath Lands, and the Town laid out and intended to be built on the fame; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Three or more of them; and they are hereby Directors im-authorized, impowered and required, by Instrument in Writing under their Hands powered to and Seals, to convey and ashire a good and indefeasible Estate in Fee-Simple, '^Fee unto all and every Person and Persons, to whom any of the Town-Lots, or other Pieces or Parcels of the said Bath Land, have or hath been granted by the said Directors, or any Commissioners appointed for the said Bath, for any Term of Years, and who have complied with the Terms in his or their respective Lease or Leases mentioned; as also to all and every other Person and Persons who shall or may hereafter apply for any future Grant or Grants of the said Lands, or any Part thereof; and that such Grant so made shall enure, to all Intents and Purposes, to them and their Heirs and Assigns; any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any of the said Town-Lot or Lots of Land is, are, or shall be granted, have or shall neglect or refuse to fence in such Lot or Lots, for the Space of six Calendar Months, from the Date or Dates of his or their respective Grant or Grants of the said Lot or Lots, or shall not within Eighteen Calendar Months, from the Date of such re-x0 re_gf£nt lpedlive Grants, build a Dwelling-house on his or their Lot or Lots, of the Va- Lands for-lue of Fifty Pounds; or, when built, have neglected, or shall neglect to support felted‘ such Building for the Space of one Year together, every such Person, so neglecting or refusing, shall be, and they are hereby deemed to have forfeited his or their said respective Lots so granted, or to be granted, as aforesaid; and the same are and shall be immediately re-v^sted in the Directors, and their Successors, to be granted by the said Directors to such Person or Persons as are or shall be willing to comply with the Terms required by this Act.

III. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons, to whom any other Piece Land, when or Parcel of the said Land is or shall be granted, shall neglect or refuse to fall,*4°be clear, and plant one third Part thereof for the Space of two Years, from the Date

or

Act 160.

3°8

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

>749-

[Proviso.]

Part to be divided into Lots.

[Proviso.]

Town-Lots not to exceed one Acre,is5c.

A£\s done by former Directors confirmed.

Land reserved for Soldiers.

New Directors appointed.

or Dates of his or their respective Grant or Grants of the fame; or when planted, shall desert cr neglect to cultivate the fame for the Space of two Years together, all and every such Person or Persons shall be, and they are hereby deemed to have forfeited their said Land; and the same shall be, and is hereby re-vessel in the Directors and their Successors, to be regranted as aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, That all and every Grant or Grants to be made of the said Lands, or any Part thereof, shall not.be of any Force or Effect, unless the said Grants shall be actually made by the Directors, or a Quorum of them, upon the said Bath Land, and sealed with their Corporation Seal.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors, or any Three of them, shall cause that Part of the said Bath Land bounding on "Plantain Garden-River to be run out, and divided in an uniform Manner into Lots or Parcels, in such Manner and Dimensions as they shall direct to be granted by the said Directors, as Town-Lots, under the Limitations and Restrictions in this Act mentioned.

VI. Provided, That no Part of the said Lands shall be run cut or divided close upon the Borders of the said River, but that a proper and convenient Space, to be determined by the said Directors, shall be kept unopened, and remain Wood Land, to prevent as much as possible any Encroachments by the said River on the said Lands.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Town-Lots, so to be granted by the said Directors, shall not exceed one Acre each; and that the said Directors shall not grant more than one of the said Lots, or more than Twenty-five Acres of the said other Lands, to any one Person, except only unto Persons keeping publick Houses of Entertainment, unto whom Four Acres of the said Land, yet to be run out, may be allotted for the Conveniency of Gardens, Scotch Grass, and Provisions; and that in all and every Grants of the said Lots or Parcels of Land so to be granted, as aforesaid, Leave shall be reserved to the said Directors, and the Directors for the Time being, of cutting of Timber and digging of Stone upon the said granted Premifies, for the Use of the publick Buildings erected, or to be erected on the said Bath Land.

VIII. And whereas in and by several Acts of this Island, divers Persons, by the Name of Commissioners, have been added to the Number of Directors first appointed; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts heretofore done by the said several Persons, as Commissioners, in relation to the said Bath, or Bath Lands, or the publick Buildings erected on the fame, is, are, and shall be equally valid and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said several Persons had been named, and acted in the Premifies as Directors of the said Bath; and all such Persons as have been heretofore appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, by the Name of Commissioners, shall be, and they are hereby deemed and taken to be Directors of the said Bath, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Persons had been in and by the said Acts called or named by the Stile and Title of Directors of the said Rath.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directors shall! cause to be run out a Square of Fifty Acres of the said Land, contiguous jto, and about the Hot Springs, together with Twelve Acres of the said Land, on the Ridge opposite to the said Springs, to be reserved for such further Uses and Purposes as shall be hereafter directed or appointed by any future Act to, be made for that Purpose; and that the aforesaid Springs, or any of them, or the publick Buildings there, and the Land on which others are intended to be built, shall not be allotted or granted to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and also, that the said Directors shall lay out and allot one Lot of the said Land for the Use of any sick or infirm Soldiers of this or any other Regiment or Company now or hereafter to be in this Island, and one other Lot for a Burying-Place; and cause the said Lots to be well and sufficiently fenced in And for the better and more effectual Execution of this, and the several other Acts in Force concerning the said Ba.th and Bath Lands,

X. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Members of the Council, and of this present Assembly of this Island, and the Members of

the

5

Act 160, 161. The LAWS, of JAMAICA.

the Council and Assembly for the Time being, be, and they are hereby added to the Number of Directors heretofore appointed for the Purposes aforesaid; and that the Paid Directors have the fame Power and Authority, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in all or either of the said Acts; any Law,

Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act for the total Remiffton of several Debts due to the Publish, from divers of New Settlers at NormanV Valley, Manchioneal, and Portland; and for the veftitig a Dot of Land upon the Bay or Harbour at Manchioneal in each of the Settlers there, for the Convenience of landing, Jloring^ and flipping their Goods to Market, in lieu of other Lots adjacent to the Barracks:

WHEREAS the several and respective Persons herein after named stand Act 161. indebted to the Publick in several Sums of Money to them advanced for their Subsistence, on their coming over to, and becoming Settlers in this Island, on the Encouragement of the several Laws for that Purpose made and provided, viz. James Bryan, Two hundred and seventy-four Pounds Five Shillings; Charles Persons in-Bryan, Two hundred and ninety-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence; the

John Holford, One hundred and sixty Pounds; Matthew Thomas, One hundred and thirty-seven Pounds; John Bant on. Two hundred and eighty-three Pounds Five Shillings; William Codrington, Two hundred and eighty-five Pounds; John Codrington, Two hundred and twelve Pounds seven Shillings and Six Pence; Jo-fiahNeufeille senior, One hundred and seventy-one Pounds Two Shillings and Nine Pence; Josiah Neufcille junior, One hundred and ninety-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence; Isaac Neufeille, Sixty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence; Mary Booker Widow, Eighty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten Pence; Sarah Panton Widow, Two hundred and forty-two Pounds Three Shillings and Eight Pence; George Hocker, Sixty-one Pounds Sixteen Shillings; Thomas Ross, One hundred and ninety-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence;

Benjamin Webber, Fifty-seven Pounds Nine Shillings and Seven Pence; Edward Hazard One hundred and sixty-five Pounds; James Glyn, One hundred and twenty-one Pounds Four Shillings and Eight Pence; Joseph Barnet, One hundred and four Pounds Four Shillings; Francis Rofeaman, Three hundred and forty-four Pounds Three Shillings and Ten Pence; John Hog, Eighty-eight Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence; Jeremiah Buckley, One hundred and sixty three Pounds Four Shillings; Thomas Bucker, Two hundred and twenty-one Pounds Ten Shillings; William Hynde, One hundred and seventy-two Pounds Five Shillings and Ten Pence; Thomas Spencer, Eighty-nine Pounds Eleven Shillings and Nine Pence; Thomas Murrell Sixty-eight Pounds Eight Shillings and Six Pence; Joseph Sayers, Fifty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Three Pence;

Isaac Pentifat, One hundred and seventy-eight Pounds Eleven Shillings and Three Pence; Richard Jackson, One hundred and fifty Pounds Ten Pence Three Farthings; Edward Hughes, Eighteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny;

Jacob Morgan, Three hundred and three Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence;

William Boyle, One hundred and sixty Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight Pence;

John Libbert, Three hundred and thirteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and One Penny; James Shaw, Eighty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence;

Miles Toppin, Three hundred and fifty-two Pounds Nineteen Shillings; Thomas Tormy, Sixty-six Pounds; Nathaniel Jaggers, One hundred and thirty-six Pounds Five Shillings; John Finch, Seventy-five Pounds Two Shillings and Six Pence;

John Haffal, Ninety-one Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence; William Gardner, Eighty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings; Jane Evans, Eighty-four Pounds Four Pence Halfpenny; Roger Howard, Twenty-five Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence; Samuel Orr, Twenty-five Pounds and Two Pence; Alexander Wilson, Fifty-nine Pounds Ten Shillings; George Hooper, One hundred and nineteen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Six Pence; Elizabeth-Haffal, Eighty Pounds;

4 I Thomas

3IO

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 161*

Their Debts remitted.

1749. Thomas Hooper, Sixty-eight Pounds 5 Thomas Richards, One hundred and twenty- — *v — J three Pounds Three Shillings and Nine Pence; William Ly?:ch~Joseph, One hundred and sixty-nine Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine Pence Halfpenny; John Leacock, One hundred and thirty-five Pounds Five Shillings; Joshua Gillyat senior, Two hundred and forty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence: And whereas, on Account of many Losses and Misfortunes incurred in carrying on their several Settlements, conformable to the Terms of these Laws, the aforesaid Persons are so reduced in their Circumstances, that, without infinite Distress to themselves and Families, they are unable to make Satisfaction to the Publick for their said Debts; in Compassion therefore to the said several New-Comers, and their Circumstances, and to encourage them chearfully to go on in the settling and Improvement of their respective Lands, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Persons herein before mentioned, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators are, from the passing of this Act, hereby wholly released and discharged of and from their said several Debts, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the said Debts are hereby totally remitted to them; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas in and by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act for perpetuating such Parts of the late Barracking Laws, as Defied several Parcels of Latid in the Crown; and confirming the Titles of such Persons as have had Grants of any such Lands, pursuant to the said Laws, and for dire Sling Surveys to be made oj several Parcels of the said Land; it is, among other Things, enacted, That Ten Acres of the said Lands shall be reserved close adjacent to each Barrack, to be reduced into Lots, each Lot to contain One hundred Feet in Length, and Sixty in Breadth; and that a Lot be granted to each Person who shall undertake to become a Settler; and that each Settler shall be obliged to build a House on such Lot, for the better Security of himself and the other Settlers; and that One hundred Acres shall be allowed to each Barrack, in case the Soldiers garrisoned in such Barrack should be inclined to plant Provisions, or raise Stock; and that the same shall be granted and distributed from Time to Time among the Soldiers and Men, in such Manner and Shares as the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall judge proper: And whereas, on account of the then early Reduction of the Rebel Slaves, and of the Danger in settling the aforesaid Lands being thereby greatly abated, the said Lots of Land have been omitted to have been run out, or granted to the said New Settlers at Manchioneal aforesaid : And in regard it will be more advantageous and beneficial for the said last mentioned New Settlers to have each of them a Lot on the Sea-shore, or Harbour of Manchioneal, on the aforesaid reserved Lands, for the Convenience of storing and shipping their several Goods to Market, in lieu of those above intended for them at the Barracks; be it enacted by the Authority

Every New aforesaid, That so much of the said reserved Lands as are bordering on the Sea-aTotof°Land ^lore or Harbour of Manchioneal aforesaid, is, are, and the same are hereby ap-Manchioneal propriated to and for the Use of the said New Settlers; and that each and every of Harbour. them the said Settlers, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall be, and they and each of them are hereby, from the passing of this Act, intitled to a Lot of the said Land Sixty Foot in Front upon the said Sea-shore or Harbour, and One hundred-and fifty Foot in Depth, for the Uses and Purposes above mentioned; or in case there should not be sufficient of the said Land on the said Bay or Sea-shore, for the Purposes aforesaid, then that the said Settlers, and their Heirs and Assigns, or any or either of them, shall and may have, and they are hereby intitled each of them to a Lot of the like Dimensions, as aforesaid, at the Back of those bounding on the Bay or Sea-shore; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Ten Acres of the said Land, so by the said in Part recited Act refqped, as aforesaid,

6

Act 161,162. The LAWS of JAMAICA. 311

raid, for the Use of the said New Settlers about the Barracks at Manchionealafore- 1749. Laid, shall be, and they are hereby appropriated to and for the same Uses and v — v — Purposes aforesaid, for which the said One hundred Acres was by the said in Part recited Act intended to be reserved, as aforesaid.

An Act to appoint proper and certain Days for the Freeholders of the several Parishes within this Island> to meet and chuse Vestrymen, and other Parochial Officers', and for protesting Freeholders fro?n Arrests on the Days of EleSlioti of Members to serve in the Assetnbly.

WHEREAS, by an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Main- Act 162* tenance of Ministers, and the Poor, and erecting and repairing of Churches, it is, among other Things, enacted, That the respective Justices in every Parish within this Island, or any Two of them, shall every Year iflfue out their Warrants to the Constables and Tythingmen, to summon the Freeholders of that Parish together on the Second Puefday in January, for the chusing Ten Vestrymen and Two Church-wardens, such as shall conform to the Church of England', and whereas many Inconveniencies have arisen from such Meeting of the Freeholders of the several Parishes, being appointed all on one and the same Day, whereby many who are Freeholders in two or more Parishes, have been deprived of that legal Right they had of voting in every Parish where their said Freeholders are: For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, That all and every Matter or Matters contained in the before recited Act, that relate to the appointing the Act 15. Cl. I. Meeting of the Freeholders of the several Parishes to chuse Vestrymen and Church- Par‘ ltre* wardens, be, and are hereby annulled and repealed. pe

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Justices of every Parish, or any Two of them, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, every Year, issue out their Warrants to the Constables and Tythingmen, to summon such of the Freeholders of the respective Parishes as are duly qualified, to give their Voices for the chusing Members to fit in the Assembly, to meet at the usual Place of Meeting of the Justices and Vestry, on the several Days herein after mentioned; which Freeholders, when met, shall chuse by the Poll Ten Vestry-memand Two Church-wardens, which said Ten Vestrymen and Two Churchwardens shall be Freeholders duly qualified, as aforesaid, except in the Parishes of Port Royal, Kingston, St. David and St. George, where no such Qualification of the Vestrymen shall be required -, any thing in this, or any other Law to the Timeofchuf-contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: That is to say, for the Parish of St. irg officers in Catherine, on the Second Puefday in January', for the Parish of Port Royal on the each Pan(h* Second Wednesday in January; for the Parish of Kingston, on the Second Phurf-day in January \ for the Parish of St. Andrew, on the Second Friday in January; for the Parish of St. David, on the Second Saturday in January; for the Parish of St. Phomas in the Eaf, on the Third Monday in January; for the Parish of Portland, on the Second Puefday in March j for the Parish of St. George, on the Second Wcd?iefday in March; for the Parish of St. Mary, on the Second Phurfay in March; for the Parish of St. Anne, on the Third Friday in January $ for the Parish of St. James, on the Second Puefday in February j for the Parish of Hanover, on the Third Puefday in February; for the Parish of West-moreland, on the Third 7hurfday in March; for the Parish of St. Elizabeth, on the Second Puefday in January, for the Parish of Vere, on the First Wednflay in January; for the Parish of Clarendon, on the First Puefday in January j for the Parish of St. Dorothy, on the Third Wednesday in January; for the Parish of St.

John, on the Third Phurfday in January; for the Parish of St. Phomas in the Vale, on the First Puefday in February.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the present Vestries and Church-wardens of the several Parishes in this Island shall conti-

nue

312

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i6

>749-

Timeof elect ing Waywardens.

Penalty cn Justices and Vestrytncn roc appearing when duly summoned.

nue in their several Offices till the Days of Election of new ones herein before mentioned.*

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Way-wardens for the several Parishes within this Island shall be elected by the several Vestries, on the several Days herein before mentioned, or within one Month after such Days; and if such Vestries shall neglect to chuse such Way-wardens, on the Days aforesaid, or within one Month after the fame, then the Justices in their Quarter-Sessions shall appoint such Way-wardens; any Thing in any Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas divers Freeholders of this Island have been prevented from attending at, and giving their Voices for the Election of their Representatives to serve

.}W in the Assembly of this Island, of the respective Parishes, from the Apprehension of not to be ex- Arrest or Imprisonment, by virtue of the judicial or mesne Process of the Courts of ecutedon Law in this Island : For Remedy whereof, and for the better securing the Free-o^Daysof dom E^ections> be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

Election, nor no judicial or mesne Process of Law jn Civil Causes shall be executed on the Per-ascer*°>UrS ^on any Freeholder, of the several and respective Parishes, on the Day of the Election of Members of the Assembly of or for the Parish for whom such Freeholder has a Right of Voting, or within Fort-eighty Hours after such Election; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty, any Justice of the Peace or Vestryman who shall not appear, when duly summoned by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of Two Justices of the Peace of the Parish whereof he is a Justice or Vestryman, on the Day and Place mentioned in such Warrant, shall, upon Complaint and Proof thereof being made, for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be recovered and levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the said Parish; and the same shall be paid into the Hands of the Church-wardens of the said Parish, for and to the Use of the Poor of such Parish; and all Penalties heretofore laid, by any Law now in being, for the Non-Appearance of the Justices and Vestry-men at Vestries, shall, after the said First Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty, be no longer incurred

[Proviso.]and inflicted; any thing in any Act, or Law of this Island, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where there shall be Two Justices at such Meeting, no Penalties shall be incurred by the Justices that shall be absent from the same; and in Cases

power veiled where there shall be Six Vestrvmen at such Meeting, no Penalties shall be in-in Justices and curred by the Vestrvmen that shall be absent from the same.

U pllrxr fr\ n/3

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Laws heretofore passed, where any Power or Authority is vested in the Justices and Vestries of the several respective Parishes of this Island, or any of them, such Power and Authority shall be executed by the Justices, or any Two of them, in Parishes where no Vestries are; or by the Vestrymen, or any Six of them, in Parishes where no Justices are, respectively.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do forthwith cause this Act to be printed, and one Copy thereof to be transmitted to every CuJIcs, or Chief Magistrate of each Parish in this Island, and Three Copies to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly; and that the Expence of printing the same shall be paid by the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esquire, the Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

Vellry, to be exercised by either of them, is'e.

An Act 163.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

3 ' 3

An Act to amend an entituled, An Act to repeal Parr of an 1749-

Ad, entituled, An Act for the more effedua Plunishment of'/>r's^ Crimes committed by Slaves, and to oblige the several Parishes to pay for all Negroes executed in each ref^edive Parish.

WHEREAS, by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Act 163.

Island, entituled, An Act to repeal Part of an Act, entituled, An Act for the ??iore eff 'eftual Punishment of Crimes committed by Slaves and to oblige the several Parishes to pay for all Negroes executed in each respective Parish, passed in One thousand seven hundred and forty, it is among other Things enacted, That in all Cases where any Slave or Slaves shall, from the making of the said Act, be put on his, her, or their Trial, by the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave or Slaves, and shall be executed and valued- according to the Direction of the said Act for the more effectual Punishment of Climes committed by Slaves; that, in ' all such Cases, the Sum or Sums of Money at which such Slave or Slaves shall be valued, shall be paid by the respective Parish or Parishes wherein such Slave or Slaves shall befo tried, valued, and executed, and no otherwise : And whereas there are in several of the Precincts of this Island Two or more Parishes, which are within the Jurisdiction of the fame Magistrates acting under the fame Commission, whereby it bath often happened, that Slaves, committing Crimes in one Parish, have been tried and executed for the fame in another Parish, and have been likewise valued in such other Parish; whereby it hath happened that the Parish in which such Trial, Valua ion, and Execution was had, done, and made, hath been greatly burdened: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Govenor, Council, and Assemb.y of this his Majesty's Island; and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That such Part, and so much of the said first mentioned Act, as is herein hefore recited, be, and the fame is hereby annulled and repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases Slaves con-where any Slave or Slaves shall, from the passing of this Act, be put on his or V|<yed, to be her Trial, by the Owner or Proprietor of such Slave or Haves, and shall be va- tFh<fParish7 lued and executed according to the Direction of the said Act, for the effectual whe e the Punishment of Crimes committed by Slaves, such Slave or Slaves shall be paid for by the Parish in which the Crime for which such Slave or Slaves were tried and executed, was committed.

III. Be it further enacted by the have heretofore been tried, valued, and executed, for Crimes committed in 1 a- eemed rishes, other than the Parishes wherein such Slaves were tried, valued, and executed, and have not been already paid for, according to such Valuation, by the Parishes in which they were so tried, valued, and executed, shall be paid for by the Parishes in which the Crime for which such Slaves were tried and executed, was committed; any thing in the said first mentioned Act to the contrary not-with {landing.

IV. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Part Former Act of the said first mentioned Act, not herein repealed, or altered, shall be and re- confirmed* main in full Force and Virtue.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Copies of this Act shall be sent by the Secretary of this Island to the Custos Rotulorum, and the several Magistrates of every Parish of this Island; the Charge of which Copies shall be paid for by the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esquire, Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

Authority aforesaid, That all Slaves that A,r°

+ K

An

314 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 164,16

1749- An Act for the Building of a Guard-House and Barrack i?i the

'down of Kingston.

Act 164.TTJ WHEREAS, on account of the great Concourse of Negroes and other Slaves coming from divers Parts of the Country into the Town of King-Jion to Market, and on other Occasions, it hath been found necessary for the Publick Safety, that Guards should be kept there to prevent,- as much as possible, any Disorders or Disturbances amongst them, and to frustrate and defeat any of their evil Purposes or Designs: And whereas, for Want of a proper Guard-House and Barracks for the Reception of Soldiers, that Duty hath been performed by, and fallen very heavy on, the Inhabitants of the said Town, who have been obliged constantly to keep Guard there from Saturday until Monday in every Week, and on all the usual Holidays in each Year : And whereas it hath been represented to the ASfembly of this Island, that the Inhabitants of the said Town are willing to contribute, as much as in their t'ower, to the Expence of building a proper Guard- House and Barracks, for the Purposes above-mentioned j but that, on account of their present 'necessitous Circumstances, they are unable to bear the whole Charges and Expence of the fame: Be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and ASfembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That Edward Manning, Lu-cock Griffen, John Morse, John Hall, and William Peete, Esquires, be, and are Commission- hereby appointed Commissioners, for the building and compleating a good and for buUdinted ^u®c^ent Guard-House and Barrack in the said Town of Kingjlcn, for the Re-the Barrack, ception of Soldiers to keep Guard in the said Town; and the said Commissioners, of any Three of them, are hereby authorized and impowered to lay out and allot a sufficient Piece of Ground adjoining to the Parade of the said Town, or to purchase any Lot or Lots of Land in any other Part of the said Town, whereon to erect the said Building, and to contract and agree with the Workmen, and purchase all Materials for the same.

II. And as an Encouragement to so fit and necessary an Undertaking, be it further enact.d by the Authority aforesaid, That the Honourable Benjamin Eume, Esquire, the Comm:SSioner for the Receipt and iSTuing the publick Money, or the Commissioner for the Time being, do pay unto the said Commissioners, first ioco/. grant- above-named, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, towards the Expence of erecting the said Guard-House and Barracks, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated : And all other Sums of Money, that shall or may be necessary to the compleating of the fame. shall be paid by the said Town and Parish of King-jhn; to be raised and levied in the same Manner as the Parish Taxes are usually raised and levied.

An Act to prevent the clandestine killing and marking of Cattley and for the better regulating of Hunting.

Act 16c WHEREAS many Planters of this Island have suffered considerably by *' divers evil-minded and disorderly Persons, who, under Pretence of Hunting or going after Wild Cattle, have clandestinely entered the grazing and other Lands of several of the said Planters, and the waste Lands near or adjacent to the fame, and disabled, killed, and carried off great Numbers of Cattle, the Property cf particular Persons j who, for want of timely Notice of such Hunting, have not been able to protect their Property, or of detecting the said Offenders, and bringing them to Justice: For Remedy whereof, be it snadted by the Governor, Council, and ASfembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica j and it is here-OwnersUof by enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons, &?c. al- fons whatsoever, other than the Owners or PoSfeSfors of known Pens of Cattle, Cattle C°his> or their Servants, or Slaves, shall be allowed to hunt, pursue, take up, or kill any Cattle, Hotfes, Mares, Mules, or ASfes, in any Savannah, Common, waStq or uninclosed Lands, or in any other Lands whatsoever, under the Penalty

Act 165. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

315

cence.

nalty of One hundred Pounds; and that no Owners or Proprietors of any Pens .7 g, of Cattle, or his or their Overseers, Servants, or Slaves, shall presume to go out o' \ to hunt any Cattle, Horses, Mares, Mules, or Asses, in any Savannah, Co N^tlvytiii mon, waste or uninclosed Land, with Lances, Guns, Cutlasses, or other In- >->have 0b. flruments of Death, without first having obtained a Licence from the Custos, or ‘nai a Ll' some other Magistrate of the Parish, specifying the Time and Place of Hunting; and without first giving Forty-eight Hours Notice thereof to the Proprietors of all the next adjoining Pens, Plantations, and Settlements, or their Overseers, in order to their defending their Property, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon any such Notice given as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners or Proprietors of the next adjoining Pens, Plantations, or Settlements, or his or their Overseers, to go, or fend any White Person in his or their Behalf, in Company with the said Hunters, in order to be present at the Taking or Killing any of the aforesaid Cattle, Horses, Mares, Mules, or Asses, and to prevent any Depredations on the Stock of the said Proprietors; and when and as often as any

Neat Cattle shall be killed in such Hunting, the Person killing, or at whose In- fiance the same shall be killed, shall, and is hereby obliged, within Twenty-four < .aerie to give Hours afterwards, to give Notice thereof to the next adjoining Pens, Planta-Not-ce there-tions, or Settlements, that the Persons residing there may be at Liberty to come j ;n;ng and view the fame, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds for every Offence.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Owners or Proprietors of any Pen of Cattle who shall obtain such Licence as aforesaid, shall go out after, or hunt any Cattle, Horses, Mares, Mules, Asses, in any Lands above Ten Miles difiant from his or their own Pen of Cattle, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds : All which said Penalties are to be recovered in the Su- Not to hunt preme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or In- above 10 formation, wherein no Injunction, Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be (Vom^heir^ granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; one Moiety, or Hal!-- own Pens. Part thereof, to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act mentioned shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach the Right of any Person or Persons penning their own Stock in the common and ordinary Method heretofore used, provided such Persons >.arry with them no Instruments of Death; or to prevent or restrain

any Person or Persons from hunting Cattle in his or their own Lands with Intent to kill the fame, such Person or Persons giving Notice thereof to the next adjoining Pens, Plantations, and Settlements, in Manner as above-mentioned, in order to their being on their Guard; such Person or Persons, in case of taking and killing any neat Cattle, giving Notice thereof to the Persons residing in the said adjoining Settlements, as aforesaid.

V. And it is further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or False marking Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, fraudulently or designedly put any false j^]e* Fe' burnt Mark, carved Mark, or any other Marks, or deface any old Mark on any

Cattle, he or they shall, for such Offence, be guilty of Felony.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Negroe or Felony for other Slave shall be allowed to hunt any of the abovementioned Cattle, in any Part Slaves h.unt-of this Bland, with Lances, Guns, Cutlasses, or other Instruments of Death, un- Company less in the Company of his or their Master, Overseer, or some other White Per- with their son by him or them deputed : And if any Negroe or other Slave shall offend, Masters> contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, he or they, being thereof convicted before Two Justices and Three Freeholders, shall be guilty of Felony; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas divers Negroe and other Slaves have made it a common Practice to go in and about the several Parishes armed with a Musquet, and with

Powder

2

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act *65,160.

16

1749.

Slaves not to

Powder and Shot, and oftentimes kill and wound the Stock of divers of the Planters, in or near the wade Ground or Savannahs bordering on the several Pens and Plantations; but for Want of sufficient Evidence it hath been found very difficult to convict them of the fame, they, upon any Enquiry, pretending they are sent out by their Mailers or Overseers to ffioot Pidgeons, or other Fowl; be it carry Fire- enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Negroe or other Slave shall be ai-"h°ut lowed to carry any Musquet, or other Fire-Arms, in or about any Parish of this Island, without a Ticket from his or their Mailer or Overseer, specifying the Purpose for which such Negroe, or other Slave, shall be armed, as aforesaid; under the Penalty of buffering such corporal Punishment as any Two Justices shall think proper to inflict, not extending to Life or Member.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be printed, and Five Copies thereof delivered to the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, and Five Copies transmitted to each Cujios Rotulorum, to be read in the Vellry and at each Quarter Sessions; the Charges whereof shall be paid him by the Honourable Benjamin Hnnie, Esquire, the Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, out of any Money unappropriated in his Hands.

Tjv. 'V-" jv. yv. vv. vv. vv. w vv. vv. -4

(V. -4V. "Vlr. r^v. JW- 'W* 'rftr. .tIV.

bcj-ocJL?<_;

1750- An Act for continuing and explaining an Act, entituled, An Act for the allaying of Gold and Silver Wares and Bullion.

Act 166. *jr j WHEREAS an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, entituled, An Act for the ajjay'ing of Gold and Silver Wares and Bullion, passed in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, hath in a great measure answered the Purposes for which it was intended, and will with some Explanation fully answer the fame: And whereas the said Act will soon expire, we therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of "Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be, remain, and continue in full Force and Virtue, from the passing of this Act unto the full End and Term of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer.

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the true Intent and Meaning of the Act above recited, that when any Plate shall be fold that consists of many Pieces of Plate soldered or rivetted together, every Piece of Plate so soldered or rivetted together should receive a distinct and separate Assay, and be marked accordingly, saving and except the Pieces of Plate that shall be so small as not to require a distinct and separate Assay, within the Meaning of the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be printed, and Three Copies thereof to be delivered to the Cujios, or other Chief Magistrate of every Parish in this Island, to be by them promulgated according to their Discretion.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing therein contained, shall be in Force unto the full End and 1 erm of Four Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer.

Former Act continued,

and further explained.

An Act; 67. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

>'7

An Act for giving the fame Allowances to New-Comers, who pall tale up a?id settle Lands within the Parip of Portland, as those New-Comers are entitled to who have taken up Lands at or near NormanV Valley, or at or near Manchioneal Harbour, by virtue of an Act ejitituled, An Act for introducing of White People into this Island, for subsisting them for a certain Time, and providing them with Land, that they may become Settlers.

l75°'

WHEREAS, by an Act entituled, An Act for introducing of White ^CT People into this Ifand, for subsisting them for a certain Lijne, and providing them with Land that they may become Settlers, it is enacted that the Padage of such Persons, being New-Comers within the Description of the said Act, who should take up Lands vested in his Majesty by virtue of the fame, at or near Manchioneal Harbour, or at or near Normans Valley, should be paid; and that they, their Families, Servants, and Slaves, should be subsisted for Twelve Months by the Receiver-General, after the Manner in the said Act prescribed: And whereas the Lands at Manchioneal Harbour, which were veiled by the said Act in his Majesty, for the Use of the said New-Comers only, are already granted and taken up : And whereas there are several Persons lately arrived, depending upon the Encouragement given by the said Act, who, in case there had been Land sufficient for them in the said Tract at Manchioneal Harbour, would have taken up Lands within the same, and thereby would have been entitled to have had their Passage paid, and to have received their Subsistence, agreeable to the said Law, and who, for Default of Lands within the said Tract, have taken up Lands within the Parish of Portland: And whereas it is probable, that many others, from the same Inducement, may soon arrive in this Island, who, for the Reasons aforesaid, will not be entitled to the said Allowances; we therefore your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, being always desirous to give all Manner of Encouragement to Persons to come and cultivate the Lands thereof, do mofl humbly beseech your Majesty' that it may be enacted j be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That such several Persons, being New-Comers within the true In- Privileges, tent and Meaning of the said recited Act, and who have complied, or shall in all&fr-of Per- Things comply, with the several Clauses and Restrictions thereof (the taking up Lands in the said several Tracts at Manchioneal Harbour and Normans Valley only excepted) and who have already taken or shall take up Lands in any Part of the Parish of Portland, upon and under the fame Conditions, Restrictions, and Engagements, that the Lands in the said Two Parcels at Manchioneal Harbour or Norman s Valley are, or ought to be granted; and who have made or shall make Settlements on the said Lands so taken up, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, shall be entitled to the fame Allowances, Subfiflances, and to all other Immunities and Privileges, that other New-Comers are entitled unto, and shall be obliged to make the fame Reimbursements, and to hold their Lands upon the fame Terms, and under the fame Limitations that the said New-Comers are subject unto by virtue of the said Act, who have actually had Grants of Lands, and made Settlements thereon, within the afore-mentioned Tracts at Manchioneal Harbour and Norman's Valley.

II. And whereas the Oath directed in the said Act to be taken by New-Comers, designing to take the Benefit of that Law, will not be proper for such Per- . fons, being New-Comers, as intend to take up Grants and make Settlements, not within the Bounds of the said Two several Tracts of Land; be it therefore further enacted, That for the future all New-Comers, instead of the Oath therein prescribed do take the following Oath (or, if a Quaker, his solemn Affirmation) viz.

4 'L I A. E.

3*8

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 167, :68.

17 $0. T A.B. do [wear, Pleat my Defgn and Intention of coming to this Island is to be- — -> j|_ come a Settler upon the Lands vested in his Majesty by virtue of an Ally entituled, Oath to be An Act for introducing of White People in this Island, for subsisting them for of^haHnAfta certa^n Time, and providing them with Land, that they may become Settlers, 107, Cl. in or upon feme Part of the Lands within the Par if of Portland; and that I will, as soon as possible, go upon and settle such Land as shall be granted to me.

So help me God.

This Act to be in Force Seven Years.

Which Oath or Affirmation the Receiver-General or his lawful Deputy is hereby required and impowered to administer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General do cause One hundred Copies of this Act to be printed, and to be dif-perfect in such Manner as his Excellency the Governor shall direct.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every thing therein contained, shall be and remain in Force, from the passing thereof, for the Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer.

An Act to cojnpel all Persons that ship Sugars from this If and to Great Britain, or any foreign Market, to pay Freight for the fame by TVeighty and to prevent the Owners and Masters of Vessels from agreeing for the Freight of such Sugars in any other Manner.

Act 168.\TT HERE AS the Practice, which hath hitherto much prevailed in this island, of shipping Sugars by the Ton, at Four Hogsheads to the Ton, hath been found to be very inconvenient and prejudicial, both to the Shippers of such Sugars, and to the Owners and Masters of Ships, and other Vessels on board of which such Sugars were shipped : For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island j and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Freight of Su-Act, no Person whatsoever shall pay or bargain, contract or agree, with any sar* forbb Owner, Master, Mate, or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or with any other Weight. 7 Person whatsoever, to pay Freight for any Sugars that shall be shipped in any Harbour, Bay, Port, Creek, or Place, in or belonging to this Island, for Great Britain3 North America, or any foreign Market, in any other Manner, Measure, or Proportion, than by the Weight of such Sugars in Great Britain, North America, or any such foreign Market where such Sugars shall be shipped to or unladen Penalties on respectively, under the Penalty of Two Shillings and Six-Pence for every Hun-those Offend- dred and twelve Pounds avoirdupois-Weight of Sugar they shall so pay or bar-ing' gain, contract or agree to pay Freight for, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning

of this Act; and so for a greater or lesser Quantity: And no Owner, Master, Mate, or Officer, or other Person whatsoever, shall, within this Island, receive or take, or bargain, contract, or agree to receive or take Freight for such Sugars so to be shipped as is aforesaid, in any other Manner, Measure, or Proportion, than by the Weight of such Sugars, at the Places to which they shall be shipped, or at which they shall be unladen, as is herein before directed as to Shippers thereof, under the like Penalty of Two Shillings and Six-Pence for every One hundred and twelve Pounds avoirdupois-Weight of Sugar they shall receive or take, or bargain, contract, or agree to receive or take Freight for, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; which said Penalties in this Act before mentioned, shall, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or the Con-session of the Offender or Offenders, be recovered before any One Justice of the Peace of this Island j which said Justice of the Peace, after Conviction, is levied by hereby authorized and required to cause the said Penalties to be levied by Distress Distress. Upon Offender or Offenders Goods and Chattels, in the fame Form and

-I 6 Manner

Act 168,169. LAWS of JAMAICA.

3i9

Manner as the Levies by Distress are by Law directed to be made for Non-pay- 17^0.

ment of the Parish-Taxes within this Island : And in case no Goods and Chattels, -

or Goods and Chattels of such Offenders not Sufficient to pay such Penalties so adjudged as aforesaid, can be found; then, and in such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender or Offenders to Gaol, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, till he or they have Satisfied and discharged such Penalties, so adjudged in Manner aforesaid; and all Penalties recovered by virtue of this Act shall be the one Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Penalties shall be recovered, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, prosecute, and sue for the same.

II. And whereas many Difficulties may arise to the Justices of the Peace, in justices tode-coming at the exact Knowledge of the Quantity of Sugars each Cask or other ermine the Package of Sugar shall contain that shall be shipped contrary to the Tenor of this ga^h^e no Act; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Trials to be Proof, b'c. had by virtue of this Act, the Justice of Peace, before whom such Trials shall be

had and held, shall, in case nO positive Proof be made before him of the exact Quantity of Sugar each Cask or other Package shall contain, determine and adjudge each Hogshead did contain Fourteen hundred Weight avoirdupois, and each Tierce Eight hundred "Weight avoirdupois, and every other Sort of Package the Weight of which he, upon hearing the Evidence, in his Discretion shall think it did; and shall give Sentence accordingly.

III. Provided always, That this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall provif<j; have any Effect, Power, or Authority over Bargains, Contracts, or Agreements

for Freight of Sugars, now made or to be made in Great Britain, or elsewhere, out of this Island; nor over Bargains, Contracts, or Agreements, that shall be made in this Island for the lading any Ship or Vessel, for any Sum of Money, or other Consideration in gross, for the foie, whole, and entire Loading of such Ship or other Vessel.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed, and Three Copies thereof shall be sent to the Governor and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, and Twelve Copies thereof to the Cujios or Chief Magistrate of every Parish within this Island, who are hereby required and directed to make the fame publick.

An Act for appointing Standard-Wzights to be kept at fimdry Places near the Out-Ports of this If and; and to oblige the Persons keeping such Weights, and the Clerks of the Market, to prove all Weights by the Standard at fated Times.

s

WHEREAS great Quantities of Sugar and other Commodities are sold by ^CT jg-Weight in many Parts of this Island which are situated at so great a y

Distance from either of the three Towns, in which Towns only the Standard-Weights are at present kept, that Persons keeping Weights for the weighing the said Commodities have not the Means of adjusting such their Weights by the Standard-Weights, from Time to Time, as they ought, whereby much Uncertainty hath been introduced in the Trade of this Island, and great Loftes have been sustained by the Buyers of such Sugar and Commodities: For Remedy whereof, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of jfamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, do, with all convenient Speed, remit to Great Britain as much Money as may be necessary, and do give Orders there for the buying and fending over to this Island Twenty Brass Beams, of a Size con- geam3 ancj venient for weighing Weights by the Standard-Weights, and Twenty Pair of Scales to be Scales, furnished with Chains and Hooks, fit and proper for the said Beams, and ^epR^eiver-Twenty Setts of Brass Standard-Weights, each Sett of which shall consist of One General,

Weight

320

1750.

and sent to these several PJaces.

To be kept by the Clerks of the Markets.

Their Fees:

They are to prove the Weights of Factors, &c. every Two Months,

and Weights on Wharfs twice a Year.

Penalty on Persons refuting to have their Weights proved.

The LAWS of JAMAICA, Act 169.

Weight of fifty-six Pounds avoirdupois-Weight, One of twenty-eight Pounds of the fame Weight, One of fourteen Pounds of the fame Weight, One of seven Pounds of the fame Weight, One of four Pounds of the fame Weight, One of two Pounds of the fame Weight, and One of one Pound of the fame Weight; which Beams, Scales, and Setts of Weights, when they shall be brought to this Bland, he, the said Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; or the Receiver-General for the Time being, shall distribute and send to the Places following; that is to say, One Beam, Pair of Scales, and Sett of Weights, to Old Harbour, Peak Bay, Milk River, Black River, Savamiah Le Mar, the Barcadier, called the Hope, Green Island Bay, Lucea Harbour, Montego Bay, Martha Brie, St. Ann's Bay, Ora Cabeffa Bay, Port Maria Bay, Anotto Bay, the Town of Richfield, Plantain Garden River, Port Morant Harbour, Morant Bay, and Tellows Bay; to be kept at the said several and respective Places.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Beams, Scales, and Weights, Hiall be kept at the Places herein before directed, under the Custody of the Clerk of the Market of this Island, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint; or in the Absence of the Clerk of the Market, or the not appointing a Person or Persons to act for him, then and in such Case under the Custody of such Person or Persons as the Justices and Vestry, or Justices where no Vestries are, or Vestries where no Justices are, of the Parishes wherein such Beams, Scales, and Weights, are hereby ordered to be kept, shall direct and appoint.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons having the Custody of such Beams, Scales, and Weights, shall, for every Weight they shall weigh and adjust to the Standard-Weight, be entitled to a Fee of Three-Pence, and no more.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Market of the Town of St. Jago de la Vega shall prove the Weights kept and made use of by the Factors, Merchants, and Shopkeepers, and others felling Goods by Weight, of the said Town; and likewise shall prove the Weights kept and made use of at the Wharfs at Passage-Fort j and the Clerks of the Markets for the Towns of Kingston and Port Royal, shall prove the Weights kept and made use of at the publick Wharfs, and by the Factors, Merchants, and Shopkeepers, and others felling Goods by Weight there, every Two Months; and the Persons appointed to keep the Standard-Weights by virtue of this Act, shall prove the Weights kept and made use of upon any publick Wharfs at the Places where the said Weights are kept respectively, twice in a Year, in the Months of February and May, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds upon every Clerk of the Market, or Person who shall neglect to prove such Weights; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Iflnnd, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Efifoin, Wager of Law, or Injunction, shall be granted, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; one Moiety thereof shall be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Bland, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, or him or them who shall sue for the same.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever felling Goods by Weight, shall refuse to submit to have his or their Weights proved, as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds to the Clerk of the Market, or Person keeping such Standard-Weights, by virtue of this Law; to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Bland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Injunction, shall be granted, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Charges attending the buying and bringing to this Bland the said Beams, Scales, and Weights, and of fending them to the Places herein before directed, shall be allowed and paid to said Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act 170, 171. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

321

An Act for repealing of two several Acts; the one entituled, An Act for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Ja?7ies, faffed in One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; and the other ejitituled, An Act for repealing an Act entituled, An Act for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St; fames, and appointing the Places for holding the Courts of Quarter-Sessions, Common Pleas, and other publick Business of the Parish, faffed in One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six.

WHEREAS two several Acts of the Governor, Council, and Assembly ^CT J7C5< of this Island the one entituled, An Act for the Ease of the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. James, passed in One thousand seven hundred and thirty-three; and the other entituled, An Act for repealing an Act entituled, An Act for the Eaje oj the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. James, and appointing the Place for holding the Courts of Quarter-Sessions, Common-Pleas, and other publick Bufmejs of the Parifj, passed in the Year One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, have been found inconvenient by the Inhabitants of the said Parish : We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That both the said Acts, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing in them contained, be and stand, and are hereby repealed.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution an Act entituled, An Act for the laying out a Road from Peffer Plantation over May-Day Hills, in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, to St. Jago Savannah, in the Parish of Clarendon.

WHEREAS the Commissioners appointed by an Act entituled, An Act Act i j\ for laying out a Road from Pepper Plantation over May-Day Hills, in the Parish of St. Elizabeth, to St. Jago Savannah, in the Parish of Clarendon, passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, by reason of their great Distance from that Part of the Country through which the Road intended by the said Act to be laid out, have not been able to make a Quorum of the said Commissioners so often as was necessary to complete the same : For Remedy whereof, and that the said Road may be effectually and expeditiously laid out and finished, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Commissioners appointed in and Commit-by the said Act, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, cease to be Com- °"eurejdlfcommissioners, except Bernard Andreas Woodstock, Joseph Armfrong, and George Raxfed, Esqrs.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That they, the said Bernard Andreas Woodfock, Joseph Armfrong, and George Raxfed, together with new one3 ap John Morse, Esq; shall be Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution; pointed, and they, or either of them, shall exercise all the Rights, Jurisdictions, Powers,

and Authorities, given by the before recited Act to the former Commissioners, or any Three of them.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the former Commissioners and their Executors and Administrators, and all other Persons whatsoever, in whose Hands any Money shall be and remain, belonging to or applicable to the said Road, shall forthwith pay the same into the Hands of the

4 M said

322

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 172,173.

'7S°-

who are impowered to recover Money, £3V.

laid Bernard Andreas Woodjlocky Joseph Armfirong, George Raxjled, and John Morse, or one of them.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Bernard Andreas Woodjlocky Joseph Armfirong, George Raxfed, and John Morse, or either of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorized to bring Actions for, and to recover in their, or either of their Names, either in Law or Equity, and to receive all and every Sum or Sums of Money belonging or applicable to the said Road, and to give Acquittances upon receiving the fame; and they, or either of them, are further hereby impowered to do all and every other Act and Acts, Thing and Things, which the Commissioners appointed in and by the said recited Act, could or might lawfully do; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

An Act to eflahliJJj the Credit of foreign Bills of Exchange, by compelling the Pay7?ient of Interest thereon after Judgment.

Act 172. WHEREAS the Trade and Credit of this Island hath fullered greatly This Aa. re- by the too frequent Protests of foreign Bills of Exchange drawn in this

vived, arno Eland, the Penalties by the former Laws of R.e-exchange and Interest, until 755 Judgment, not proving sufficient, in fegard the said Bills, after Judgment, carry no Interest, although unpaid for several Years after: For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That in all Protested Bills Cases, whenever any Damages shall be assessed by a Jury, in any Action or Suit rest from^he in any Lourt of Law in this Island, upon any foreign Bill or Bills of Exchange First Day of which shall hereafter be drawn in this Island, and be returned protested; the which judo- Court before whom such Damages shall be assessed, shall, and they are hereby mentfliali be directed and required to give Judgment, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such °b'din|f Actions, on the said Bill or Bills of Exchange, recover of the Defendant or Defendants in such Actions as well the Damages so to be assessed by the said Jury, with Costs of Suit, as also Interest: upon the principal Sums for which such Bill or Bills shall be given, from the first Day of the Court in which Judgment shall be obtained, until actual Payment thereof; and the Plaintiff, to whom such Damages shall be assessed, and for whom such Judgment shall be given, his Assignee, Attorney at Law, or Attorney, shall mark or indorse on the Writ of Execution, or Venditioniy to be issued on such Judgment, as well the stated Sum assessed by the Jury for Principal, Interest, Re-exchange, and Costs, as also Interest: on such Sums for which such Bills shall be given, from the first Day of the Court in which Judgment shall be obtained, to the Time of the actual Payment thereof; and the same shall be levied and paid by the Provost Marshal, together with the stated Sum assessed for Damages by the said Jury, as aforesaid, to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in such Actions; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall be, remain, and continue in full Force, from the passing hereof, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer.

An Act to make the Copies and Trajiscripts of Plots, Plot-Books, and other Records in the Office of the Clerk of the Patents, and Register in Chancery, valid, legal, and effectual Records.

Act 3 73.-\TTHjSREAS many of the Plots, Plot-Books, and other Records in the \\ Office of the Clerk of the Patents, and Register in Chancery, are by Length of Time and long Usage much decayed j and whereas the Clerk of the Patents, and Register in Chancery hath, in pursuance of two Resolutions of the Assembly, 6 the

Act 173,174. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

323

the one of the Sixteenth Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, and the other of the Third Day of May, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, copied and transcribed many of the said Plots, Plot-Books, and Records; and whereas it is necessary, that the said Copies and Transcripts be made Records by Law : We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Gover-Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do moll

1750.

nor

humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the ^nfc^ts of Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the deemed le^al Authority of the same, That all the said Copies and Transcripts shall be deemed. Records, and they are hereby declared to be valid, legal, and effectual Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the original Records themselves were before the making of this Act.

II. Provided nevertheless, That the said Clerk of the Patents, and Register proviib. in Chancery, shall make Affidavit before the Chief Justice for the Time being, or before any Judge of the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, (who are hereby impowered and required to take the fame) that the said several Copies and Transcripts have carefully, been examined by him, and are true and exact Copies of their several Originals, before the said Copies or Transcripts shall be as valid, legal, and effectual Records, as aforesaid; which Affidavit the said Clerk of the Patents, and Register in Chancery, is hereby required to make and enter in each particular Book of Copies or Transcripts.

An Act for the admitting the Evidence of Slaves against Slaves, for Crimes by thejti committed on the High Seas.

WHEREAS the Commissioners nominated and appointed by virtue of an ^CT l7 Act of Parliament passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign '

of his late Majesty King William the Third, entituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Pyracy, cannot admit of the Evidence of Slaves against Slaves, without Oath, by which Means it may happen, that many Murders, Robberies,

Pyracies, and other Offences committed by Slaves on the High Seas, may go un-punished: For Remedy whereof, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech yobr Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That when any slaves to be Negroe, or other Slave or Slaves* shall be tried for any Murder, Robberies, Py- ^dmuted Ev-i-rdciesj or other Offences upon the High Seas, already committed, or hereafter to ^o^f. .be committed, before the Commissioners nominated and appointed by virtue of the said Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required and impowered to admit the Evidence of any Slave or Slaves, without Oath, against such Slave or Slaves as shall be tried before them for any of the Offences aforesaid; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be conllrued to extend, to Murders, Robberies, Pyracies, or other Offences, committed, or to be committed by Slaves in their Passage to this island, as Merchandize, or from this Island to the French or Sparish Coasts, during such Time as such Slaves shall continue as Merchandize only on board the Ship or Vessel bringing or carrying such Slaves respectively.

III. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing herein contained, shall be and continue in full Force from the passing hereof, for and during the full End and Term of Twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 175.

324

J75°- to encourage the Breed of good and large Horses.

Act 175. I ^ORASMUCHas the Generation and Breed of good, strong, and swift Horses JJ/ within this Island, extends not only to the great Help and Defence of the fame, but also is of great Commodity and Profit to the Inhabitants thereof, which is now much decayed and diminished, by reason that in Commons, Savannahs, and waste Grounds within this Island, little stoned Horses and Nags of very small Stature, and of little Value, be not only suffered to pasture and feed thereon, but to cover and leap Mares feeding there, whereof cometh no Manner of Profit or Commodity: For Remedy whereof and for the Increase of better, fvvifter, and stronger Horses hereafter in this Island, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Ja?naicay and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty one, no Person or Persons, upon any Pretence whatsoever, have, or put to pasture upon any Commons, Savannahs, and "nder waste Grounds within this Island, any stoned Horse or Horses above the Age of^ IncheThi'gh, Three Years, and not being of the Altitude or Height of Thirteen Hands and two not to be paf- Inches, to be measured from the lowest Part of the Hoof of the Fore-foot, to the Common^ highest Part of Withers, and every Handful to contain four Inches of the Standard, to pasture or feed, or be in or upon any of the said Commons, Savannahs, or waste Grounds within this Island; nor shall put, feed, or pasture any stoned Horse or Horses, being above the Age of Three Years, and not being of the Altitude or Height of Thirteen Hands and three Inches, to be measured, as aforesaid, within, or upon any of the like Grounds before mentioned, upon Pain or Forfeiture of the said Horse or Horses which shall be turned in or upon any of the said Grounds, Commons, Savannahs, or Wastes, at any Time after the said Twenty-ninth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-one.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Those under may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons that shall find any such Horse or wThe Persond ^or^es m or upon t^e Paid Commons, Savannahs, or waste Grounds, contrary

to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, to seize and take the said Horse or Horses, and to carry the fame before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for the Parish or Precinct where the same shall be found, to have the said Horse or Horses measured, as aforesaid; and if the said Horse or Horses shall be found not to be of the Altitude or Height aforesaid, then the said Horse or Horses shall be forfeited to, and the Property thereof immediately vested in, the Person or Persons taking up the fame; and shall be by the said Justice delivered over to the said Person or Persons so seizing and taking up the fame, unless the Owner or Proprietor of such Horse shall tender to the Party taking him up the Sum of Five Pounds, in which Cafe he shall be restored to the said Proprietor j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any stoned Horse or Horses that shall happen to break, escape, or go out of any Pasture, Inclosure, Yard, or Stable, against the Will of the Owner or Possessor of any such Horse or Horses, into any of the said Commons, Savannahs, or waste Grounds, so that such Horse or Horses so breaking, escaping, or going out, do not remain or abide in any of the said Commons, Savannahs, or waste Grounds, for the Space of Three Months at any one Time.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, after the Twenty-ninth Day of September now next ensuing, shall have

flure^ftema so or Put to pasture any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, or any Mule or Afs, infected pered Horses, with Scab, Mange or Farcy, into or upon any of the said Commons, Savannahs, *c• or waste Grounds, upon Pain or Forfeiture, for every Offence, the Sum of Five

Pounds,

taking them up.

[Proviso.]

Penalty on

Act j 75.

325

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Pounds, to be recovered before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for 1750. the Paiilli and Precinct where such Offence shall be committed, to the Use of the v- — nr- — Informer, to be levied by Drftrefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant directed to the Constable or Constables, under the Hand and Seal of the said Justice; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Matter or Matters of Ships, or other Vessels, or any other Person or Persons importing into this Island, from that Part of Great Britain called England, any good found Stone Horse, or Mare, of the Altitude or Height of Fifteen Hands, to be measured as Bounty for aforesaid, and not exceeding the Age of Five Years, shall have and receive of

and from the Receiver-General of this Island, a Bounty or Sum of Ten Pounds current Money of this Island, as an Encouragement for importing of every such Horse or Mare; which Paid Bounty shall be allowed to the said Receiver-General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons within this Island, hath or shall breed any Horse or Mare, that is or And for shall be of the Altitude or Height of Fourteen Hands and a Half, at Three Years old, or under, and which is not yet of that Age, such Person or Persons shall have and receive the Sum of Ten Pounds, as a Reward for each of the said Horses or Mares, to be paid by the Receiver-General, upon producing a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of any Two of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace; who are hereby impowered and required to cause the said Horses or Mares, upon sufficient Proof before them made of the Breed and Age of the fame, and that the Bounty by this Act given hath not been already allowed, to be measured, as aforesaid; and to grant such Certificates accordingly.

VII. Provided, That such Breed shall not proceed from any Horse or Mare Proviso, imoorted from Ireland, or from his Majesty's Northern Colonies. Which said Sums of Money, so to be paid by the Receiver-General, shall be allowed him out

cf any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General for the Time being shall, and he is hereby directed and required to fur-

nish and provide a Purse of One hundred Pistoles once every Year, and that the Purfeof 100 fame shall be annually run for on the First 'Thursday in November in each Year, in ^n°fortobe or near Spanish Town Savannah, upon a Two Mile Course, the best of Three Heats, under such Rules and Regulations as is usually at Races in Great Britain, by any stoned Horses, or Mares, carrying Ten Stone each, Fourteen Pounds to the Stone; and that no stoned Horse, or Mare, shall be suffered to win more than one of the said Purses : Which said Sum of One hundred Pistoles shall annually be paid and allowed to the said Receiver-General, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated; and the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island for th§

Time being, or such Person as he shall appoint, shall be Judge of the said Race.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island cause this Act to be printed, and fix Copies thereof to be delivered to each Member of the Council and Assembly, and fix Copies to the Custos or Chief Magistrate of each Parish in this Island, to be by them promulgated according to their best Discretions, the Charge whereof shall be paid him by the Receiver-General, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every This Act to Clause or Matter therein contained, shall be and continue in full Force and Vir- "J^rc* tue for the Term of Ten Years, from the passing hereof, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Assembly.

326

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 176,

1750. An Act to impower. ci?id oblige the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. John to mend and keep in Repair the Road from the Town of St.

Jago de la Vega, through the Savannah to the Foot of the Red Hills leading to Guanaboa in the Parish of St. John; and to impower and oblige the Inhabitants of the Par if of St. Thomas in the Vale to mend and keep in Repair the Road from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, through the Savannah, to a Place called the Angels, in the Paris of St. Catherine, leading to the said Par if of St. Thomas in the Vale; and for impower tng and obliging the Justices and Vfry of the Parish of Clarendon to open and repair a Road of Commwiication from George Maddox'j Plantation^ near Old Woman's Savannah in the said Paris of Clarendon, to the Vale of Luidas in the Paris of St. John.

Act 176.

Parish of St. John to repair the Road from St. Jagode la Vega.

Read to the Angch to be repaired by the Parish of St. Thomas in '.he Vale.

WHE REAS the Road from the Town of St. Jago de In Vega, through the Savannah, to the Foot of the Red Hills leading to Guanaboa, is often in a ruinous and founderous Condition, so as to be impassable for the Carriage of Goods, and dangerous even to Passengers on Horseback; and whereas the said Road is in the Parish of St: Catherine j and whereas that Part of the Parish of St. Catherine, through which the said Road leads, is not furnished with Negroes sufficient to mend and repair the fame: We therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's .Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. John be, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, obliged, and required hereafter to mend and keep in Repair the said Road.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of St. John shall appoint Surveyors of the Highways, and make Allotments of Negroes, Carts and Labour, and shall lay and levy Rates and Monies for the Amendment of the same.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, and the said Surveyors or Way-wardens of the said Road, so to be appointed, shall do every other lawful Act and Acts, Thing or Things, and shall have like Remedy and Justification for their and every of their Actions relating thereto, in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Road was situate, lying, and being in the Parish of St. John.

IV. And whereas the Road from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, through the Savannah, to a Place called the Angels, in the Parish of St. Catherine, leading to the said Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, is often in a ruinous and founderous Condition, so as to be impassable for the Carriage of Goods, and dangerous even to Passengers on Horseback; and whereas the said Road is in the Parish of St. Catherine 5 and whereas that Part of the Parish of St. Catherine, through which the said Road leads, is not furnished with Negroes sufficient to mend and keep in Repair the fame: We therefore your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale be, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, obliged, and required hereafter to amend and keep in Repair the said Road.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale shall appoint Surveyors of the Highways, and make Allotments of Negroes, Carts, and Labourers, and shall lay and levy Rates and Monies for the Amendment of the same.

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, and the said Surveyors or Way-wardens of the said Road,

lb

Act i 76, i 77. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

32 7

so to be appointed, shall do every other lawful Act and Acts, Thing and Things, 1750. and shall have like Remedy and Justihcation for their and every of their Actions L/'Y"n-/ relating thereto, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Road was situ-ate, lying, and being in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pen or Angel Pen to Plantation, commonly called the Angels, in the Parish of St. Catherine, shall be

obliged to fend a proportionable Number of Negroes for the repairing the said Negroes, tsV. Road, agreeable to the Allotment that shall be made on the Negroes in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale; which Number of Negroes shall be allotted by the Justices and Vellry of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, and shall be sent on the said Road, under the Penalty on the Defaulters inflicted by An Act for the High-ways. '

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices Clarendon Pa-and Vestry of the Parish of Clarendon do, at their next annual Meeting for mak- Road°to £«'* ing Allotments of their Negroes for the several Roads in the said Parish, and they are das. hereby impowered and obliged to make a proper Allotment, for opening and making a good and sufficient Road of Communication from George Maddox's Plantation,

near Old Woman s Savannah, in the said Parish of Clarendon, to the Vale of Luidas, in the Parish of St. John, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds for each Magistrate, and Twenty Pounds for each Vestry-man neglecting his Duty therein j to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, wherein no Protection or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult nlterius prosequi be entered; one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety to him, her, or them, who shall sue for the same.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause Three Copies of this Act to be transcribed, Two Copies to be sent to the Custos of the Parishes of St. Thomas in the Vale, and St. John, and one Copy to the Cufos of Clarendon.

An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual an 175lt Act, entituled, An Act for settling the Militia.

X

WHEREAS the Act entituled,' An Act for settling the Militia, is found Act i 77.

by Experience to be greatly defective, and by no Means adequate to the Service for which it was designed, whereby some further Regulations are necessary to restore it to its antient Discipline, on which the Honour and Service of his Majesty, and the Preservation of our Lives and Fortunes so greatly depend : May it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That no Person whatsoever, from Fifteen to Sixty Years of Age, shall for the future remain un- f>om 15^0 60 lifted under the Captains in their respective Places of Abode, in Foot or Horse, to remain un-the Space of Six Weeks, on the Penalty of Forty Shillings, to be levied by any Captain of any Regiment where such Persons shall reside, by Warrant directed to the Marshal of such Regiment, or to any Serjeant or Corporal thereof, in case there shall be no Regimental Marshal j and in case any Person remains unlisted for more than Six Weeks, he shall be placed by the Colonel, or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, in that Beat or Division where such Person shall reside, and shall be deemed and taken to be a private Man of such Company wherein he shall be so placed, and shall do Duty in the same Manner, and under the same Penalties as inlisted Men are by this or the forementioned Act obliged to do; and that no Person whatsoever shall be exempted from serving in the Militia as a private Man, except the Honourable the Members of the Council, and the Chief Justice for the Time being, or such as have at any Time acted in those Stations, and such as bear or have born Military Command.

1751-

Regulation of Reformed OflLe;.'.

[Proviso.]

[Proviso.]

Governor to commit on Officers to hold Court-Marllials.

Not less than Seven to lit.

[Proviso.]

II. And whereas sundry Officers who heretofore bore Commissions, but being ' since superseded and reformed, are not inrolled in any Regiment, and do no Military Duty; in order therefore that no Persons be exempted from those Services which every Man owes to his Prince and Country, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Officer or Officers so reformed shall be, and they and every of them are hereby required, within the Space of Six' Months from the passing of this Act, to fend their Name or Names, and Places of Abode, as also their respective Ranks, unto the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being; and they and every of them shall take such Commission or Commissions, in the Parish or Precinct where he or they shall or may reside, as shall be tendered unto them, and shall inroll in the Regiment of such Parish or Precinct where he or they reside, on Pain of being degraded, and obliged to inlist and serve as a private Man.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein be construed to force or compel any Person, that hath been or shall be in Commission in this Island, to lift himself in any Company or Troop, or to serve in any Capacity beneath the former Commission, unless such Person hath been degraded by a Court-Mar-shal.

IV. Provided also, That all such Officers now reformed or superseded, or which hereafter shall be so, who shall again receive Commission, and be inrolled in any Corps of the Militia within this Island, by virtue of this Act, shall have Seniority, Rank, and Command, in the said Corps in which they shall be placed, according to the Seniority, Rank, and Command they enjoyed by their former Commissions, when they were superseded.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor, or Commander in Chief of this Island, from Time to Time, to grant a Commission to any Officer, not under the Degree of a Field-Officer, for the holding of General Courts-Marshal within this Island > in which every Commissioned Officer, that thinks proper, shall have a Right to fit and determine j in which Court-Marshal all the Offences above-mentioned, and all other Offences in the said before recited Act, and in this Act herein after specified and directed to be tried by a Court-Marshal, or a General Court-Marshal, shall be tried and proceeded against in such Maimer as by the said Act and by this Act shall be hereafter directed.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared, That no General Courts-Mar-ftial, which shall have Power to fit by virtue of this Act, shall consist of a less Number than Seven; and that such Courk-Marshal shall have Power and Authority to administer an Oath to any Witness, in order to the Examination on Trial of any of the Offences that shall come before them.

VII. Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General-Courts Marshal to be held by virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the following Oath upon the Holy Evangelists, before the Court and Judge-Advocate, who are hereby authorized to administer the same, in these Words j that is to say.

Officer's O U shall well and truly try and determine, without Partiality, Favour, or

°ath' j[ Affection, according to your Evidence in the Matter now before you, between

our Sovereign Lord the King's Majesty and the Offender to be tried.

So help you God.

And no Sentence shall be given against any Offender by any General Court-Marshal, but by the Concurrence of the major Part of the Members so sworn; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence, but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Three in the Afternoon, froviso.

VIII. Provided also, That the Person to be tried by such General Court-

Marshal shall have Fourteen Days Notice, at the Raft, of the Day and Place of his Trial, and of the Offence for which he is to be tried; and in case such Person having such Notice, shall not appear at such General Court-Marshal, or shall not give a sufficient Reason to the Satisfaction of the said Court for his Ab fence,

329

Act 177. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

fence, such Person shall stand convicted of the Offence in the said Notice contained; and such Punishment shall be inflicted on him by the said Court as if he had been tried and found guilty of the said Offence.

IX. And whereas the Fine appointed by the before recited Act, for Non-Appearance in Arms upon due Summons thereto, being low, several have taken Advantages thereof, and set their Officers at Defiance; be it therefore further enacted, That the Fine for the* Second Neglect shall be doubled, if committed in Succession after the First Neglect without such Offender having appeared in Armsj and for the Third Neglect, if committed after Two succes-five Non-Appearances in Arms, the Offender shall pay such a Fine as to a Court-Marshal shall seem meet, not exceeding Ten Pounds; and for every Fourth, or more successive Non-Appearances, such Offender shall be fined at the Discretion of a Court-Marshal, not exceeding Ten Pounds.

X. And whereas the Companies of the several Regiments of this Island, except those of Kingston and Port Royal, are some of them at great Difiance one from the other, so that they cannot be assembled together in one Place without great Inconveniences j therefore be it enacted and ordained, That the Country throughout the Island be divided into as many Beats or Divisions as there are or shall be Companies; and that separate Places of Exercise be appointed for each Company (unless where more than one can conveniently meet together) as near as may be conveniently in the Center of its Beat or Division.

XI. And whereas it is incumbent on the Officers to shew a good Example to the private Men; be it enacted, That every Officer of each Company or Troop, not having some reasonable Excuse for absenting himself, to be approved of by a Court-Marshal, that shall not be at the Place of Exercise at the Time appointed, shall forfeit as follows: A Captain, Five Pounds; a Lieutenant, Cornet, Ensign, or Quarter-Master, Three Pounds; a Serjeant or Corporal, Fifteen Shillings j to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of their respective Colonels, or Commanding Officers, to the Regimental Marshal appointed by this Act: And whenever any General Muster of the Regiment shall be ordered, each of the Field-Officers shall forfeit, for Non-Appearance, Ten Pounds j to be levied by Warrant from the Governor or Commander in Chief.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the several Lieutenant-Colonels and Majors shall, from Time to Time, review the Troops or Companies of the Regiment whereunto they belong, according as they shall be commanded thereunto by the respective Colonels, under the Penalty of Five Pounds j to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Commanding Officer of the Re-

l75

Repeated Neglects of Duty, how punished.

Companies to be exercised in the several

Divisions.fsY;

Penalties on Officers absenting.

Troops to be reviewed;

giment.

XIII. And whereas by the before recited Act it is enacted, That once every Two Months, or oftner, as Occasion shall require, and Command be given by the Commander in Chief, the several Companies and Troops shall meet at the next and most convenient Places, to be appointed by their respective Officers, to be then and there by them mustered and exercised; but such Meetings, every Two Months, having been neglected for Want of a Penalty being inflicted for such Neglect:; therefore be it enacted, That every Captain, or, in his Absence, the Commanding Officer of each Troop or Company, shall order his Troop or Company to appear, and shall himself and all the other Officers appear at the Place of Exercise, once every Two Months at least, and oftner, if so required by the Commander in Chief; and that he do make a Field Return of his Troop or and toapp«if Company to the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, within Twenty Days XwoTlouth^ after such Meeting, signed by himself and the other Commission Officers present, specifying the Number of the Men that shall appear, and the Names of the Absentees, as likewise the Defaulters in Arms and Accoutrements, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment j which said Field Returns, or Copies thereof, shall be transmitted by the Commanding Officers of each Regiment to the Commander in Chief, once every Six Months, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant of the Governor or Commander in Chief.

4 O XIV. And

33°

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act j 77.

mantling

Officer.

1751.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Corporal or private Soldier shall

'--- v — ' refuse to act as a Serjeant, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied by

Penalty of the Sentence of a General Court-Marshal.

refilling to *' as a S°r-

jeant. "

XV. And be it further enacted, That a Marshal shall be appointed to each i^ar^aisto be ^eS*ment ^y the Commanding Officer thereof; and the Fines and Forfeitures appointed, that were by the before recited Act to‘be levied by the Captain's Warrant to the Serjeant or Corporal, shall be levied by Warrant from the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Troop or Company to the Marshal of the Regiment 3 but if no Marshal shall have been appointed, then they may be levied as before, by the Serjeants or Corporal. The said Marshal shall be obliged to execute the Warrants to him directed, and to pay all such Fines and Forfeitures as he shall have levied by virtue of the fame, into the Hands of the Officer who issued the respective Warrants, within Fourteen Days after levying the fame, deduding fir if Half a Crown in the Pound for coileding the fame, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand of the Colonel, or Commanding Officer of the Regiment,' directed to any Serjeant or Corporal of the fame Regiment, penalties to

XVI. And be it like wife enacted, That every Captain, or Commanding Offi-

be levied by cer of each Troop or Company shall, within Twenty Days after every Meet-Warrant, £rr. ing the rfr00p or Company, issue out his Warrant to the Regimental Marshal, or to a Serjeant or Corporal, in case there should be no Regimental Marshal appointed, for levying the Fines and Forfeitures incurred by the Absenteesor Defaulters mentioned in his Field Return 3 and that no one be excused without , , ffiewing some sufficient Cause to be allowed of by the Commanding Officer pre-

2TKi s Retnrn j o 1

made thereof sent 3 and that once every Six Months he do make a Return to the Commanding to the Com- Officer of the Regiment of the Fines and Forfeitures he shall have received; and in case he has excused any Absentee, he shall mention in his Return his Reason for so doing, under the Penalty of Five Pounds, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Colonel, or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, to be directed to the Regimental Marshal. And the Commanding Officers of the respective Regiments are hereby directed, once every Year, to transmit the Returns of the Fines and Forfeitures, as before ordered to be made to them, or Copies thereof, to the Commander in Chief of this Island, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds 3 to be levied under the Hand of the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, directed to the Provpft-Marshal-General of this Island.

Fines to bea

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Sums that shall arise from the

in^Drums^" fh.id Fines and Forfeitures shall be paid by the Captains, or Persons who shall have received the fame from the Marshal, into the Hands of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment 3 and they shall be a Fund for buying Drums, Trumpets, Colours, and Standards, and other Contingences of the Regiment: And an Account of the said Fund, and how applied, shall be transmitted every Year by the Commanding Officer of each Regiment to the Commander in Chief, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be levied under the Hand of the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, directed to the Provost-Marshal-General of this Island.

XVIII. And be it also enacted, That whatever Officer or Soldier, doing Duty in either of the Towns of St. Jago de la Vega, Kingston, or Port Royal, shall not appear armed and accoutred, as by the before recited Law is ordained, at the Place of Exercise or Rendezvous j if belonging to the Foot, within an Hour after beating the Drum; and if belonging to the Horse, within an Hour after founding to Boot and Saddle, shall forfeitas for Non-Appearance.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be in the Power of any private Man to go from the Horse to the Foot, as he pleases, without Leave from his Commanding Officer, or ffiewing sufficient Cause before a Court-Mar-ffial 3 but it shall be lawful for such private Man to go from the Foot to the Horse, whenever he shall be completely armed and accoutred, as by Law is directed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Foot Soldier or Trooper shall

serve in the Company or Troop of the Division where he resides, and not to be allowed to inlist in any other. XXI. And

iSc.

Officers to appear an Hour after Drum beat5.

Men not to go from the Horse to the Foot, &c.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

331

Act i77,

XXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Officer removes, he shall 1751. be obliged to serve in the Division where to be removes, in the fame Capacity he served in the other Division, notwithstanding there should be no Vacancy in that Officers to Company, Troop, or Regiment; in which Cafe he shall serve as a Double Offi- jYivHJonl = cer, but in the fame Seniority, Rank, and Command, he enjoyed by his former where to they Commission, in the Parish or Precinct from whence he removed.

XXII. And whereas it is the inherent Right of every Subject of the Crown of Great Britain, not to be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment by Marshal Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of Great Britain: And whereas the Security of this Island is more likely to stand allured by the Love and Affection of his Majesty's Subjects towards his Person and Government, than in the Dread and Fear of Laws made with rigorous Pains and Punishments; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Court-Marshal to sentence or adjudge, for any Cause whatsoever, any of his Majesty's Militia Forces of this Island in Life or Limb, or to inflict any corporal Punishment whatsoever.

XXIII. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person shall obstinately refuse to pay the Fines and Forfeitures which he or they may incur, by virtue of this and the herein before recited Act, or shall neglect, contemn, or disobey the lawful Command of his superior Officer, he shall suffer for Non-Payment of his Fine an Imprisonment, at the Discretion of a Court-Marshal, not exceeding Fourteen Days; and for neglecting, contemning, or disobeying his Commanding Officer, such Person shall, for every Offence, forfeit such a Fine as to a General Court-Mar-shall seem meet, not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Forfeitures, in this or the said recited Act mentioned, shall be levied by the Persons to whom the Warrants for the levying the same shall be directed, by Di-stress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Forfeitures, herein directed to be levied by the Provost-Marshal-General, shall be paid to his Majesty's Receiver-General, to be by him applied to his Majesty's Revenue of this Island.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, laid by a General Court-Marshal, shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand of the President of such Court-Marshal, directed to the Marshal of the Regiment to which such Offender shall belong; or by a Serjeant or Corporal of the said Regiment, in Default of such Regimental Marshal.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, If any Person whatsoever shall be sued for Persons foed any Tb‘ng Lawfully commanded, or done in Execution and Pursuance of this Act, p^a/the or the before recited Act, he shall plead the General Issue, and give the Special General issue.* Matter in Evidence; and if a Verdict be found for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff

be Non-ffiited in any Action or Suit so to be commenced, such Defendant shall not only have the common Costs of Suit, but also all such Sums of Money shall be allowed and taxed, as Costs of Increase to such Defendant, by the proper Officer, as such Defendant shall have expended out of Purse, laid out, been at, put to, or sustained in and about the Defence of such Suit; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be printed, and Twelve Copies thereof to be delivered to the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly, and Twenty Copies transmitted to each Colonel or Commanding

[Officer of the several Regiments in this Island, to be by them made publick at their Discretion j the Charges whereof shall be paid by the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, out of any Money unappropriated in his Hands.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause and Thing therein contained, shall continue and be in Force, from the passing hereof, for the Term of Four Years and no longer; any Law,

Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

8

Court-Mar-Ihils not to inflict corporal Punishment.

[Proviso.]

Fines levied by Distress i

bow to be disposed of.

332

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act i 78.

AcT 178.

Wild Negroes to be punished for Disobedience, &c.

Governor may grant Commissions for trying them.

Pru ifo.

Prjoviso.

An Act for the better Order and Government of the Negroes belonging to the several Negroe Towns; and for 'preventing them from purchasing of Slaves.

WHEREAS Disorders frequently happen in the several Negroe Towns, for Want of Authority in the Chiefs or Commanding Officers of the Negroes to keep a proper Command over the rest j and because the White Men who reside amongst them are not vested with legal Power to punish them 3 and it being necessary for the retaining those Negroes in their Duty and Obedience, that an exact Discipline be observed, that all Disorders, Tumults, and Disturbance amongst them be suppressed on their first Appearances, and the Authors and Abetters of them brought to speedy Punishment 3 we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted 3 be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Negroe being resident in, or belonging to any of the Negroe Towns, who shall disobey his Excellency the Governor's Orders, or excite others to do the fame 3 or shall excite, cause, or join in any Disorder, Tumult, or Disturbance, tending to break the Peace and good Order of the said Towns, or any of them, shall suffer such Punishment as shall be inflicted by the White Men residing in the Town to which the Offender belongs, and Four of the Negroes of the said Town, of which the Chief or Commanding Officer shall be one, not extending to Life.

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That his Excellency the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, may, by virtue of this Act, have full Power and Authority to grant Commissions to the White Men and Negroes residing in or belonging to each of the Negroe Towns, for trying and punishing such Offenders, as aforesaid.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices and Freeholders to try, as Free Negroes usually were tried and punished before the passing of an Act, entituled, An Act for making Free Negroes, Indians, and Midattoes, Evidences in all Causes againf one another in all Courts of this Island, passed the Thirteenth Day of Auguf, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the Negroes belonging to the said Negroe Towns, for the Crimes or Offences herein before mentioned, and for all other Crimes and Offences whatsoever; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise not-with {landing.

IV. Provided also, That if any of the Negroes, as aforesaid, shall, by Two Justices and Three Freeholders, or by the White Men and Negroes commissioned, as aforesaid, be tried and acquitted, or convicted of any of the Crimes or Offences aforesaid, such Acquittal or Conviction shall be a full Bar to any Proceedings for the fame Offence.

V. And whereas several of the Negroes belonging to Tfrelawny and Crawford Town, and the other Negroe Towns, have frequently left their several Towns, and continued absent therefrom a considerable Time without the Leave of their Commanding Officer, or, having had such Leave, have not returned back by the Time prescribed to them, but have rambled about in the several Parishes of this Island, and been harboured and concealed in divers Places, whereby they have had Opportunities of going among Slaves of the neighbouring Plantations, creating Factions and Disputes among some, and persuading and enticing others to run away from the Owners, contrary to the Articles upon which they surrendered j which Practices, if not timely prevented, will not only lessen the Authority of Colonel Cudjoe and Captain Quaw, and such others as shall by the Governor of this Island be appointed to command them, but may be attended with other ill Consequences: For Prevention of which be it enacted and ordained by the Authority

6

Act i 78. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

333

thority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Negroe, be- .1751. longing to atiy of the Negroe Towns aforesaid, who shall absent him or herself from the Town to which he or she belongs, without Leave of the Commanding- Negroes ab-Otticer thereof, signified in Writing under the Hand of the White Person refidingfenting from among them; or who, having had Leave, shall continue absent therefrom for the TownsS\°ith-Space of Seven Days after the Expiration of such Leave, shall, upon Complaint out Leave, to made to any Magistrate of the Parish where he or ttie happens to be at that Time,be tned' be committed to the Marshal of the Precinct, to be by him sent to the Gaol of St. Jago de la Ftga, in order to be brought to Trial in the said Town for such Offence, before Two Justices and Three Freeholders, in the fame Form and Manner as Free Negroes usually were tried before the patting of the said herein before mentioned Act; and upon Conviction of the Crime aforesaid, the Justices and Freeholders, or the major Part of them, of which One to be a Justice of the Peace, are hereby obliged and required to deprive the said Offender of his Freedom, and order him or her to be transported off this Island by the Receiver- Upon Con-General, and fold; and the Money arising from such Transportation and Sale tQ^l^",rttejbe be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the acting Justices, upon every such Trial, shall forthwith certify the Sentence patted upon the said Negroes to the Governor or Commander in Chief of this Island, and the same shall not be executed without his particular Dhedtion under his Hand and Seah

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Free As likewise Negroe, belonging to either of the Towns aforesaid, who shall entice or endeavour for entlcins

o*oo 3 Slaves to run

to entice and persuade any Slave or Slaves to run away from their several and re- away, fcjv. spective Owners, and be thereof duly convicted, in Manner and Form as aforesaid, shall forfeit his or her Freedom, and be transported off this Island, as aforesaid, and fold; and the Money arising from such Transportation and Sale shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas some of the Negroes lately in Rebellion have purchased Penalty on the Slaves, and it is apprehended that more may be by them bought, which may be Wl|d Negroes of ill Consequence to the Island, if not prevented; be it therefore enacted by the siavesV"2 Authority aforesaid, That no Negroe, belonging to any of the Negroe Towns,

shall purchase or buy any Slave whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said Slave to his Majesty; and if any Merchant, Factor, or other Person whatsoever, and on Per-shall fell any Slave or Slaves to any of the said Negroes, or to any other Person in Trust for or to the Use of the aforesaid Negroes, every such Merchant, Factor, or other Person, shall, for every Negroe so fold, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person who shall purchase or be concerned in the Purchase of any Slave in Trust for any of the said Negroes, belonging to the said Towns, shall forfeit the like Sum of One hundred Pounds; which said Penalties, and each of them, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection,

Wager of Law, or Injunction, shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi be entered; and one Moiety thereof shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, or to him or them who shall sue for the fame; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue and be in Force from the Thirteenth Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, for the Space of Three Years, and no longer; and that the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be printed or tran-feribed, and Copies thereof to be sent forthwith to the Custos or chief Magistrate in each Paritti, to be by him distributed among the Magistrates of the said Parish; and that the said Act be read quarterly in the Vestry, and at each Quarter

a. P Sessions;

334

wtmtmmI I — jaw — II 1 — 1 I. — .1. II

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 178,179*

1751. Sessions j and that a Copy thereof be sent to the White Men in each of the — y- — J Negroe Towns, by them to be read and explained to the Negroes once in every Three Months.

An Act for the better regulating of the Probate of Deeds and Conveyances, and Letters of Attorney executed off this If and.

Act I79* W AS Doubts have arisen concerning the Probate or Acknow-

W ledgment of Letters of Attorney before the Mayor or other chief Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain, by One or more Witnesses subscribing or the Party acknowledging the fame, whether such Letters of Attorney, so proved as aforesaid, is or may be sufficient to authorise the Person or Persons nominated and appointed in and by such Letters of Attorney, to commence and prosecute any Action or Suit in any of the Courts of Law or Equity in this Island, in the Name of the Party executing such Letter of Attorney, or to do any other Act in Pursuance thereof: And whereas Doubts may also rife concerning the Probate of Deeds and Conveyances made off this Bland, whether the Probate of such Deeds or Conveyances, by the Oath of One of the subscribing Witnesses, or by the Acknowledgment of the Party, before the Mayor or other chief Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain, and certified under the Common Seal of the fame, are good and effectual in the Law: And whereas there hath not been a sufficient Provision made for the Probate of Deeds, Conveyances, or Letters of Attorney, in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies in America: To remedy the aforesaid Inconveniences, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Afiembiy of this Bland; and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, Deeds, &e. That ail Deeds, Conveyances, and Letters of Attorney whatsoever, which have Proved ?n3nd been or shall be hereafter executed in Great Britain, and proved by the subscrib-Great Britaining Witness or Witnesses, or acknowledged by the Party, before the Mayor or valid. other Chief Magistrate of anyCity, Borough, or Town Corporate in Great Britain, and certified under the Common Seal of such City, Borough, or Town Corporate, shall be as good and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Deeds, Conveyances, or Letters of Attorney had been respectively proved by the Witness or Witnesses subscribing the fame, or had been acknowledged by the Party, before a Judge of any Court of Common Pleas in this Bland j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deeds, Conveyances, and Letters of Attorney whatsoever, which have been or shall be

Also in/^/whereafter executed in the Kingdom of Ireland, or in any of his Majesty's Colonies ricolonTes". America, and which have been or shall be hereafter proved by the subscribing Witness or Witnesses, or acknowledged by the Party, before any Mayor or other Chief Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate in the said Kingdom of Ireland, or before the Governor or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty's Colonies in America, and certified under the Common Seal of such City, Borough, or Town Corporate in the said Kingdom of Ireland, or under the Seal of his Majesty's Colonies, where the said Deeds, Conveyances, and Letters of Attorney have been or shall be respectively executed, shall, and the same are hereby declared to be as good and effectual in the Law for the Purposes for which the fame were, are, or shall be intended, as if such Deeds, Conveyances, and Letters of Attorney had been respectively proved by the subscribing Witness or Witnesses, or acknowledged by the Party, before a Judge of any Court of Common Pleas in this Bland; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Bland do cause this Act forthwith to be printed, and Twelve Copies thereof to be sent to his Excellency the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly; the Charges whereof shall be paid by the Receiver-General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act 180,1 8l. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

335

An Act for the Sale of Flour by Weight. -751 -

HERE AS great Inconveniency hath arisen by the Uncertainty of felling act 180. of Flour by the Cask or Barrel, and not by Weight: For Remedy whereof, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaica* most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your said Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, no Flour made of Wheat or other Grain, or of Wheat mixed with Penalty on other Grain, shall be sold by the Barrel or Calk, or in any other Manner than by buying or fell* avoirdupois-Weight only; and if any Seller of such Flour shall sell the same, {,ng^°"rh^ut or if any Buyer thereof shall buy the fame, contrary to the true Intent and Mean- y e's ing hereof, such Seller and Buyer shall, for every Offence, forfeit Three-Pence for every Pound of such Flour so fold or bought j to be recovered in a Summary Manner, before One Justice of the Peace, by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, or the Confession of the Parties; one Half of which Forfeitures shall go to th? Poor of the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof shall be to the Informer, or him or them who shall prosecute for the same.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every thing therein contained, shall continue and be in Force from the passing hereof for and during the Term of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be printed, and Twelve Copies thereof be delivered to his Excellency the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Honourable the Council, and to each of the Members of the Assembly j to be by them made publick at their Discretion:

The Charges of which Copies shall be paid by the Receiver-General out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act to impower the Justices and Vtflry of the Parish of ^/.Thomas in the East to allot to the Bath.

WHEREAS it has been found impracticable to make a good Road to act Igr> the Bath of St. ‘Thomas the Apostle from Carditts at Port Morant in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East, pursuant to the Directions of an Act, entituled.

An Act for rendering the Bath in the Parish of St. Thomas in the East more fer-viceable; and as an easy Access to the Bath by a good Road, will greatly contribute to render the fame more useful to the Inhabitants of this Island; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That the Road tobe Commissioners of the Bath, or any Two of them, be obliged and required, bid out from within Sixty Days after the passing of this Act, to apply to some Magistrate in the Bath the said Parish of St. Thomas in the East for a Warrant to lay out the most conve-the Sea* nient Road from the Bath to the Sea; and such Magistrate so applied to is hereby obliged and required to issue such Warrant, and to proceed in the laying out such Road, after the Manner prescribed for laying out Roads, by an Act, entituled.

An Act for the Highways.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of St. Thomas in the East do, and they are hereby obliged and required, within Thirty Days after such Road shall be laid out, to make

an

Negroes for making a Road from the Sea

336

J75I-\unr\j

c

Parish of St.

‘Thsmas in the East to keep it in Repair.

Penalty on Justices, &c. not doing their Duty.

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 181,182.

an Allotment of Negroes, Carts, and Labour, on all the Inhabitants of the said Parish, for the making and opening such Road, under the Direction and Care of William Hicks, Peter Valet te> and William Gordon, Esqrs. or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of the Parish of St. Thomas in the East be, and they are hereby authorised, impowered, obliged, and required, hereafter to amend and keep in Repair the Road so laid out as aforesaid; and that the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish shall appoint Way-wardens of the said Road, and make Allotments of Negroes,

• arts, and Labour, and shall lay and levy Rates and Monies for the Amendment of the fame, on the same Days and Times that they are required to do the fame for the other Roads in the said Parish.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices and Vestry of the said Parish, and Surveyors and Way-wardens of the said Road, shall do every other lawful Act or Acts, Thing or Things > and shall have like Remedy and Justification for their and every of their Actions relating thereto, in the same Manner as they could do, or might have in any Case relating to any of the Roads in the same Parish.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Magistrate, Justice, or Vestryman, shall neglect to do his or their Duty, in any or either of the|Particulars herein before-mentioned, he or they so offending, shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds j to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; one Half whereof to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied to and for the making and repairing the Road herein before-mentioned; and the other Moiety, or half Part, to him, her, or them* that shall sue for the same.

An Act to explain and amend Part of an Act> entituled, An Act for the more effectual directing the Marshal's Proceedings, and regulating thereof.

Act 182 W THEREAS, by an Act of this Island, entituled, An Act for the more effectual directing the Marshal's Proceedings, and regulating thereof passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-five, it is among other Things therein enacted, That from and after the passing of that Act, the Provost-Marshal shall not execute, or take into his Office, or suffer to be lodged there, any Writ of Execution, or Venditioni exponas, unless the Sum really due to the Plaintiff, at whose Suit such Writ shall issue, shall be marked or indorsed on the said Writ by the said Plaintiff, or his Clerk in Court, or Attorney j any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding : *ndeAaio;. *And in case any Plantiff, in order to distress the Defendant,'shall mark or indorse, Cl.XII,XIII. or order his said Clerk in Court, or Attorney, to mark or indorse s or the said Clerk in Court, or Attorney himself, shall officiously, or without any Orders from the Plantiff, mark or indorse such Writ for a greater Sum than is or shall be really due; that such Plaintiff, or his said Clerk in Court, or Attorney, shall for every Offence respectively forfeit the Sunrof One hundred Pounds j and the said Clerk in Court, or Attorney, offending as aforesaid, shall be rendered incapable of Practising j any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, as by the said Act above recited may at large appear: And whereas the said herein recited Part of the said Act hath been found inconvenient; for Remedy where-of, we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted j be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Istand of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority of the same, That all and every Writ or Writs of Execution, and Venditioni exponas, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, lkendor°fed.to marked and indorsed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the said Writ or Writs, or his Assignee or Assignees, or the Attorney or Attornies of such Plaintiff or

5 Plaintiffs,

Act 182,183. The L AW S of JAMAICA.

337

Li

Plaintiffs, Assignee or Assignees (whole Power is recorded in the Secretary's 1751. Office) or by the Executor or Executors, Administrator or Administrators, or < — •-"v — - other legal Representative of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Assignee or Assignees, or one of them respectively, or the Attorney at Law of the herein before-mentioned Parties respectively, by Warrant or Order in Writing of the said Parties and in case such Writ or Writs shall be marked or indorsed, with an Intent to distress the Defendant for a greater Sum than what is or shall be really due upon every such Writ or Writs, the Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit, for every Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and in case the Per-Penalty on son so offending be an Attorney at Law, such Person shall, over and above the Penalty herein before inflicted, be further liable to be discharged from practising Writs for in any of the Courts of this Island, if the Judges of the Court before whom such more than Person shall be convicted, shall, from the Circumstances of the Cafe, think proper; ue‘ any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding;.

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-Mar- proVoA Marshal shall not execute, or suffer to be lodged in his Office, any of the aforesaidWrit noc to . or Writs, unless the lame be first marked and indorsed, as aforesaid, on Pain of ^endorsed/ forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence; one Moiety

of which said several Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the Party or Parties injured, who shall sue for the fame; and the other Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Non vult ulterius profeqni, shall be granted or allowed; any Law,

Custoni, of Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island cause this Act to be printed, and four Copies thereof delivered to his Excellency the Governor, and each of the Members of the Council and present Assembly; the Charges whereof shall be paid him by the Receiver-General, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act to explain Part of an Act, entituled, An Act for the better Order and Government of Slaves; and for infixing further and other Punishment on Persons killing Negroes or Slaves.

WHEREAS by a Law passed in the Year of our Lord One thousand ^CT jg0.

six hundred and ninety-six, entituled, An Act for the bettter Order and Government of Slaves, it is therein enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wittingly, wantonly, or bloody-mindedly kill a Negroe or Slave, he, she, or they, so offending, being thereof convicted by Verdict or Confession in the Supreme Court of Judicature, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony for the First Offence, and have the Benefit of Clergy; but the Second Offence shall be deemed Murder, and the Offender suffer for the said Crime according to the Laws of England) Forfeitures of Lands, Tenements, Goods, and Chattels, only excepted j which recited Part of the said Law not having been found sufficient to deter Persons from committing such wicked and inhuman Practices: And whereas the said recited Part of the said Law is of doubtful Construction; for explaining the said Law, and for inflicting some further Punishment on the Offenders, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from Killing and after the passing of this Act, if any Person whatsoever shall wittingly, wan- Slaves, Felo-lonly, or bloody-mindedly kill any Negroe or Slave, such Person or Persons sony' ^Cm offending shall, for the first Offence, be guilty of Felony, and have the Benefit of the Clergy; and shall suffer, as a further Punishment, an Imprisonment for such Time as the Court, before whom such Offender shall be tried, shall adjudge, not exceeding Twelve Months.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person being convicted of Felony for killing a Slave, if such Slave belong to any Person,

338

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 183,184.

1751.

601 to be paid to the Owner.

son other than the Person convicted of such Felony, such Person so convicted shall pay the Sum of Sixty Pounds to the Owner to whom such Slave so killed did belong; to be recovered by Action of Debt.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, after Conviction for the first Offence herein before-mentioned, shall wantonly, Second Mur- willingly, or bloody-mindedly, kill any Negroe, or Slave, such Person so offend-der, Death. Jng) after such first Conviction, shall suffer Death for the said Offence, and not otherwise.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided always, That the Convictions in this Act mentioned shall not

extend to the corrupting the Blood, or the Forfeiture of Lands or Tenements, Goods, or Chattels j any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act forthwith to be printed, and Three Copies thereof to be delivered to his Excellency the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and the present Assembly; the Charges whereof shall be paid to -• him by the Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act for making good and wholesome Provisions, for raifng and establishing the Credit of this If and and repealing of an Act, entituled, A supplemental and explanatory Act.

Act 184. TXT' HERE AS the Welfare and Prosperity of this Island and the further Settling thereof depends greatly upon the Credit, and the enabling Persons to borrow Money on easy Premiums for Forbearance : And whereas nothing can be more agreeable to Justice, and the Policy of all wife Governments, than providing the fair and honest Creditor a safe, easy, and speedy Remedy for recovering his Money, and discouraging all frivolous, vexatious, and dilatory Proceedings and Opposition, in Prejudice to such Creditors: And whereas it cannot be doubted, but that many Persons would be induced, instead of placing their Monies at alow Interest in Great Britain, to lend out the fame on good Securities in this Island, but have been deterred by unjust Advantages being taken, and by the Law now in being, compelling Persons to take Sugar, and other Produce of this Island, at Port Royal, in Payment and Satisfaction of Debts, upon a Valuation often made without due Respect and Regard to the Prices those Commodities bore in Great Britain, to the manifest Loss and Injury of such Creditors : And whereas all Methods of Payment, except in Money of a known and fixed Value, are false, dangerous, and destructive of Credit: And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that Men of distinguished Character and Fortune do often borrow Money, in this Island, at an Interest of Five per Cent. only (from whence it is evident the natural Interest of Money is no more) when other Persons of large and sufficient Property to entitle them to such Loans, and under the fame Laws, have not been able to borrow any Money at all, and therefore have been unable to carry on or improve, and obliged to give up their Plantations, to the manifest Loss of the Publick j when, in our Mother Country, little Respect to Persons is ever made by the Money-Lender, so as the Security is equal: And whereas the obliging all Men to a Compliance with their Contracts, and a punctual Payment of their just Debts, will be also a great Means of reducing the exorbitant Price of all Commodities imported into this Island, and thereby put the Planter upon a more equal Footing with our dangerous Rivals in the Sugar Trade : And whereas the obliging all Attornies, Trustees, Guardians, Executors, Administrators, Mortgagees in Possession, and Sequestrators, and Persons acting for and on Behalf of Minors and Absentees, to render Accounts of the annual Produce and Profits of the Estates and Interests for which they are concerned, will be also a further Means of advancing and retrieving the Credit of this Island: And whereas the large Commissions taken and received on such Estates and Interests have been also a farther Obstruction to the Credit and Settling of this Island, 6 and

Act i 84.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

339

and to the lending Monies upon Landed Securities: And whereas the subjecting 1751. Lands to the Payment of all Debts, 3nd the giving a speedy and effectual Reme-dy for the extending of such Lands, in Default of sufficient Goods and Chattels, for Satisfaction upon Levies made by virtue of Writs of Execution, will greatly advance the good Purposes aforesaid: We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica^ most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of the said Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March next ensuing, the passing of this Act, in all Suits, both in Law and Equity, for the Recovery of Monies lent upon Cods of ln-Mortgage or Speciality, where the Defendant opposes or sets up any Defence to^[bwedPer-the fame, and the Plaintiff obtains Judgment, or a Decree for such Monies, or fonsobtaining for the Lands and Premisses upon which the Monies were lent the Defendant, J>'dgme^Jor shall not only pay unto the Plaintiff the usual taxed Costs of Suit, but be further °ney liable to such Fees as the Plaintiff shall have paid to Counsel in the Prosecution of the fame, and for the travelling Charges and Expences of Witnesses fubpoenaed. by the Plaintiff to give Evidence in such Cause; and to all such further and other Charges as the Plaintiff or his Attorney and Agent in this Island shall by Affidavit make appear to have been by hurt laid out and expended in the fame Cause-, which shall be taxed by the Officer of the respective Courts, pronouncing such Judgment or Decree as Costs of Increase.

II. Provided nevertheless, That upon Application made by the Defendant to Prov>so-the Court, in case such Costs so taxed shall appear to them unreasonable, such Court shall have Power to moderate and mitigate the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every All extra the Counsel concerned for such Plaintiff shall, and they are hereby obliged and p°rfonas11°bVed required, if demanded, to give a Certificate under their Hands of the Fees by tainingjudg-them received in any such Cause or Suit, which shall be produced to the Clerk ment for lent for his Direction and Government, upon such Taxation; and for all Money lenti^ced tobe or advanced by Merchants, Factors, or others residing in Great Britain, or by paid in Great Persons residing in this Island; and the Monies so lent or advanced, agreed to be Britain-paid in Great Britain, whether such Agreement shall be by Parol, or in Writing, the Defendant, against whom Judgment or Decree shall be obtained for such Money so lent or advanced, shall not only pay the Costs above-mentioned, but also

be liable to such further Costs and Charges, as well of Commission as other Charges, as the Plaintiff, or his Attorney or Agent, Executor or Administrator shall make appear, by Affidavit, to the Officer taxing such Costs and Charges that he has sustained, or may sustain, by remitting the Monies so lent or advanced to Great Britain; and the said Costs and Charges shall be taxed by such Officer as Costs of Increase.

IV. Provided always, That upon Application made by the Defendant to the Proviso, Court, in case such Costs and Charges so taxed shall appear to them unreasonable, such Court shall have Power to moderate and mitigate the fame. And for preventing frivolous and vexatious Writs of Error upon Judgments in the Supreme Court of Judicature,

V. Be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons shall prosecute any Action,

Plaint or Suit, whereon Judgment shall be given against the Defendant, if at any Time after Judgment given for the Plaintiff, the Defendant shall sue any Writ or personsbring;. Writs, or Error, to annul the said Judgment, and the said Judgment shall be af- ing frivolous terwards affirmed to be good, or the said Writ of Error shall be discontinued, or pfyr* the Plaintiff in Error shall be non-suit therein; the Defendant in Error, in every double torts, such Action, Plaint, Suit, or Writ of Error, upon a Certificate of any Three of the Judges constituting such Court, that there was not a reasonable Cause for suing such Writ of Error, and that the fame was frivolous, and brought merely for Delay and Vexation; then, and in every such Case, the Party bringing such Writ of Error, shall be obliged to pay unto the Defendant in Error double the Costs he shall have laid out and expended by Means of such Writ of Error, being brought

to

34°

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 184.

1751. to be taxed on Affidavit of the Defendant in Error, his Agent or Attorney, as Cods of Increase, by the Clerk of the Court of Errors, to and for the sole Use and Benefit of the Defendant in Error, and be added to the Costs of the Judgment obtained in the Court below.

'Proviso.

VI. Provided always, That upon Application made by the Plaintiff in Error

to the Court of Errors, in case such Costs shall appear to them unreasonable, such Court shall have Power to moderate and mitigate the fame, plaintiffs, up-

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Actions on Nulla hona and Suits at £,aw to be commenced from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of ed, to issue a March, against any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors or Admini-Writ for Sale stratorSj and Judgment thereon obtained in the Supreme Court of Judicature of Lands!" ant' ^is Istand, in case Nulla bona shall be returned, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff, at whose Suit such Execution issues, to issue a Writ for Sale of the Defendant's Lands, in the following Form, viz.

‘The King to the Provofi-Marshal greeting:

The Writ. W J HERE AS we have lately commanded thee by our Writ, that of the Goods and Chattels, real and personal, of A.B. thou shouldJl levy, or cause to be levied, the Sum of of good and lawful Money of this If and,

as also for Cojls of Suit, which C.D. in our Court recovered

against the said , by virtue of which Writ thou didfi return unto

us, that the said A.B. had no Goods and Chattels, real and personal, in this Island, whereon thou couldf levy the said and Cofs; and the said C. D.

having prayed us of a fit Retnedy against the Messuages, Plantations, La?ids and Tenements of the said A.B. for Satisfaction of the said a?id Cojls z

We therefore command thee, that of the Messuages, Riantations. Lands and Tenements of the said A.B. within this Island, thou take to the Value of the said

and Cofis, by the Appraisement of Twelve good and lawful Men, being Freeholders and Planters of the Neighbourhood, of such Messuages, Plantations, Lands and Tenements, by thee to be summoned to meet upon the said Premijfes for that Purpose and that Possession and Seisin thereof to the said C.D. thou cause to be delivered on such Appraisement, for Satisfaction of the said and Cofis,

or so much as the Value and Appraisement thereof shall extejid, to hold to him the said C.D. his Heirs a?id Assigns in Fee-simple, or for such Estate as the said A.B. had i?i the fame-, but if the said C.D. shall ref use to accept and receive such Possession and Seisin of the said Messuages, Plantations, Lands and Tenements, according to the said Appraisement, that thou deliver Possession and Seisin of the said Messuages, Plantations, Lands, and Tene??ients, according to the said Appraisement, to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, that shall pay down the Amount of such Appraisement, to be held by such other Person or Persons, his or their Heirs and Afjigns in Fee-simple, or for such Eft ate as the said A.B. had in the fa?ne; and that thou make Return of the particidar Premijfes, so appraised and delivered to the said C.D. or such other Person or Persons, and of the Appraisement thereof, under the Hands and Seals of the said Twelve good and lawful Men, into our Supreme Court of the said Island, together with this Writ; but if no other Person or Persons whatsoever shall, upon the Refusal oj the said C.D. pay down the Amount of such Appraisement, or if thou canfi not find a?iy Messuages, Plantations, Lands and Tenements of the said A.B. in this Island, wherewith to satisfy in Part, or in all the [aid

and Cofis, that then thou make Return thereof into our said Supreme Court of Judicature the lafi Tuesday in next, together with this Writ.

Witness---

Provost-Mar-

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-cfreflimiTin" Marshal, before he proceeds to execute such Writ, shall receive Instructions and Writing. Directions in Writing from the Plaintiff, upon which of the Messuages, Plantations, Lands and Tenements, he shall execute the Writ herein directed.

[Proviso.]

IX. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for such Plaintiff, in such

his Instructions and Directions to the Provost-Marshal, to direct any Sett of Works, or any Part thereof, or any capital Messuage, or any Appurtenances thereof, to be valued, except the whole cultivated and improved Lands, usually

occupied

Act 184.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

34*

occupied with such Works, or Capital Messuage, be directed to be valued with 1751. the said Works or Capital Messuage.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, upon the Pve- Provost Mar-, ceipt of such Writ, the Provost-Marshal is hereby impowered and required to give to give Fourteen Days Notice to the Defendant, and to summon a Jury of Twenty-four tice^oche^°" Planters or Freeholders, residing near the Lands to be extended by virtue of the Defendant, said Writ, out of which Twelve of the said Persons shall be sworn by the Provost-

Marshal, to value the fame upon Oath.

XI. Provided nevertheless, That in case the Defendant in such Action shall, Provifc,' within Six Calendar Months after the said Appraisement, pay or cause to be

paid unto the Plaintiff, or such other Person or Persons, the full and just Sum at which the fame was valued, together with the lawful Interest for the fame, the Plaintiff, or such other Person, shall be obliged to accept of such Payment, and to reinstate the Defendant in the Possession thereof, and do such further lawful and reasonable Acts in respect to the fame, as shall be required of him by the Defendant, and at his the said Defendant's own Costs and Charges; any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or beProviso. construed to extend to impeach the Right of any Person or Persons, other than

the Defendant in such Writs, or the Right which any prior Incumbrancer had, or might have had, either in Law or Equity, by virtue of any Lien on such Lands j but that all and every Person or Persons having such Right or Lien, antecedent to such Judgment obtained, shall have the full Benefit thereof j any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case there are Two or more Writs of Execution against the same Person of a concurrent Right, the Messuages, Plantations, Lands, and Tenements, so to be taken in Execution, shall be to the Use, Behoof, and Benefit of all and every the Plaintiffs in such Executions.

XIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be con-Proviso. , ftrued to extend, to debar any Plaintiff from the Benefit of the Writs of Execution,

and Venditioni exponas, and other Writs which such Plaintiff is now by Law intitled unto, for the Recovery of any Monies due to such Plaintiff, either before or after issuing the Writ directed by this Act; but such Plaintiff shall be, and he is hereby intitled to all the Benefits, Advantages, and Remedies, by any Law now in being, for Recovery of such Monies, as if this Act had never been made.

XIV. And whereas the Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this A3T2;re-Island, entituled, An Act for preventing of Frauds and Breaches of Trust, by At- V1'/ed' _ tornies, or Agents of Persons absent from this Island, and by Prufees, Guardians,

Executors and Adminifrators, aSling for and on the Behalf of Minors, and others, and

by Mortgagees in Possession oj Efates mortgaged, and Sequefrators appointed by Authority of the Court of Chancery, passed the Twenty-seventh Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty, expired at the End of that Session of Assembly which was held in this Island in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-four; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the aforesaid Act, and every Clause, Article, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall, and the fame is hereby declared to be and and made per-stand revived, and be perpetual; and that the first Accounts of the Rents, Profits, Petual-Produce and Proceeds of the several Estates and PremhTes in the said Act mentioned, shall be rendered and exhibited for the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three; any thing in the said Act, or any other Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Commissions from and after the First Day of January next, which will be in the Year of our

Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all Commissions of Attornies, reduced to or Agents of Persons absent from this Island, Trustees, Guardians, Executors6 tir Cent-and Administrators, arising from their several and respective Receipts, Payments, Transactions, Management and Disposals, after that Time, of the Rents, Profits,

Produce, and Increase of any the Estates and Interest for which they are or shall be

4 R respect

34-2

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act 184.

[Proviso.]

1751. reflectively concerned, shall be, and the fame is hereby reduced to Six Pounds L/YV per Cent, including the Factorage, Commission for Supplies made in this Island for such real Estates, for which such Persons shall or may be concerned; and that from and after the said First Day of January next, the Commissions for receiving and remitting of Monies lent, or remaining at Interest in this Wand, and the In-For receiving terest of such Monies shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be, reduced to and remitting Five Pounds per Cent, to wit, Two Pounds ten Shillings for receiving, and Twro 5 Pounds ten Shillings for remitting, and no more; and that Mortgagees in possession are not intitled to any Commission for their Management or Transactions of or concerning such Possessions, except what shall be paid to the Factor for his Commission: And in case any Person or Persons, acting in either of the Capacities above-mentioned, shall demand or receive more, or a greater Commission than what is herein before prescribed, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Wand, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; one Moiety whereof to be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Wand, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the fame; and shall also forfeit the whole Commission on such Sums as he shall receive Commissions on, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be

construed to extend to Commissions for the Sale of Negroes, or other Commodities, sent to this Wand from Great Britain, or elsewhere.

XVII. And whereas, by an Act; of the Governor, Council,' and Assembly of .Act 26,cl. x. this Wand, entituled, A supplemental and explanatory Act, passed in the Year

XI. repealed. of our Lord One thousand six hundred and eighty-three, it is, among other Things, enacted, That when any Sugar, Ginger, Annotto, Indico, Cocoa, Cotton, or Piemento, being the Production of this Wand, shall be taken upon Writ of Venditioni exponas, the same shall be carried to Port Royal, at the Charge and Risque of the Defendant, and there be appraised by the Church-wardens for the Time being; in Absence of one of the said Church-wardens, then by the Churchwardens present, and either of the Church-wardens of the foregoing Year; and in Absence of both the Church-wardens for the Time being, then by both the Church-wardens that were for the preceding Year, the said Church-wardens being first sworn to appraise the said Goods according to their just Value, without Favour or Affection to either Party; which Oath any one Justice of the Peace is hereby impowered to administer; and the said Goods, so taken and appraised, shall, by the Provost-Marshal, be forthwith delivered to the Plaintiff for so much Money as the same shall be appraised at, which shall be taken and accepted by the Plaintiff as so much Money effectually paid him; any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding : And that the said Church-wardens shall receive from the Defendant Four Pence out of every Twenty Shillings Value of what they shall so appraise; and if they, or any of them, shall refuse to appraise upon Oath the Goods so taken, as aforesaid, he or they so refusing shall forfeit for every such Refusal the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record within this Wand; the same to be the one Half to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Wand, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Half to the Informer, or he that shall sue for the fame : Which said several Clauses being found inconvenient, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Two several Clauses herein before recited, and every Part, Matter, and Thing therein contained, be, and the same are hereby repealed, annulled, and made void; any thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that from and after the passing of this A Cl, no other Payment shall be Currenr Coin allowed and deemed a good Payment in Law, but in current Coin of Gold or only, a good Silver, unless in such Cases where both Parties agree for Payment in Sugars, or i - 0.}icr Produce of this Wand, or in Discharge of Debts contracted before the paf-

Fayment in L:av.

sing of this Act.

Act 184.

The LAWS of JAMA I C A.

343

XVIII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be 1751.

construed to extend, in any ways to affect any Contrails heretofore made, for the '-->

[Proviso.]

Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or any Securities taken for the fame, or to subject any Lands to be extended for the Payment thereof, in any other Manner than they heretofore were, except as herein after is excepted; but that all Contracts for Payment of Monies secured by Mortgage, Bond, Note, or otherwise due and owing before the passing of this Act, except as herein is excepted,

shall be recovered, received, and paid, in like Manner as the fame would have been in case this Act had not been passed j any thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Interc^ ry after the Twenty-fifth Day of March next, which will be in the Year of our Lord to One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, no Person or Persons whatsoever,

upon any Contract which shall be made, from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, take directly or indirectly, for Loan of any Monies, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of Six Pounds for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or {hotter Time; and that all Bonds, Contracts, and Assurances whatsoever, made after the Time aforesaid, for Payment of any Principal, or Money to be lent, or covenanted to be performed, upon or for any Usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of Six Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void; and that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall after the Time aforesaid, upon any Contract to be made after the said First Day of January, take, accept, Error reai-and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Che-A^ A&193-vizance. Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandizes, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Means, or by any Covin, Engine, or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing, or giving Day of Payment for one whole Year, of and for their Money, or other Thing, above the Sum of Six Pounds for the forbearing of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Term, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the treble Value of the Monies, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Things so lent, bargained, exchanged, or shifted.

XX. And whereas large Sums of Money are now owing, from the Inhabitants Merchants, of this Island, to Merchants, Factors, and others residing in Great Britain, and Britain in-in this Bland, under Contracts and Agreements expressed or implied, to pay the :>'!ed fothe Monies so lent or advanced in Sterling Money, or by Bills of Exchange payable of this in Great Britain; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money is and are due and owing, under any Contract or Agreement, be the fame by Specialty, or otherwise by Writing, or by Parol, expressed or implied, shall be, and they and every of them are hereby declared to be, intitled to all the Benefits and Advantages of this Act, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Contract or Agreement had been made, entered into, and agreed upon, after the passing of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted and declared, That all Merchants, Factors, And to 5 per and others residing in Great Britain, who have, or may have lent or advanced ^ient^of0' Monies in Great Britain to Persons residing in this Bland at the Time when such Persons rdid-Monies were lent or advanced, have been, and are and shall be intitled to an In- this terest of Five Pounds^er Centum per Annum, and so after that7Rate for a greater

or lesser Sum, for a longer or shorter Time; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Bland cause this Act forthwith to be printed, and Twelve Copies thereof delivered to his Excellency the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly; the Expence whereof shall be paid by the Receiver-General for the Time being, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

An

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Act i 85.

344

'75*'

An Act for obliging the fujlices and Vfry of the Parish of St. Mary to make good certain Deficiencies to the Publick; and for altering the Day of electing Vfirymen and Church-wardens in the said Par ip.

Act 185. \\ WHEREAS the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of St. Mary did totally All this Act omit to lay, assess, levy, and collect, the "Deficiency-Tax, from the (bu:u. v.) Twenty-eight Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, tenvoiar;-. to the Twenty-eight Day of March, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, as they were required and directed to do by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly, entituled, An Act to oblige the several Inhabitants of this Jfand to provide themselves with a fuss dent Number of White Men capable of bearing Anns, or White Women or Children; or pay certain Sums of Money, in case they fall be deficient, and applying the same to several Uses 5 and to enlarge the Dime for the everal Parishes in this Island to return an Account of Quit-rents given in, in such Parishes, to the Receiver-General; and for authorizing and impowering the Commissioners for erecting a House or Edifice for the TJfe of the Council and Assembly; and for the better preserving the publick Records and for the Reception of the Small-Arms, to purchase Lands and Tenements adjoining to the Parade in St. Jago de la Vega, for the life of the said House or Edifice, passed on the Thirteenth Day of August, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of St. Mary be authorized, impowered, and required, forthwith to issue a Roll of Deficiency-Tax for the said Quarter so omitted, in the very Words and Figures, and to the fame Amount with the Deficiency-Roll of the Quarter immediately preceding such Quarter omitted; and that they, together with the Church-wardens and Constables of the said Parish, levy or cause to be levied the Money due on such Roll, to be issued by virtue of this Act; and that they pay the whole Money due on such Roll, into the Hands of the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; the Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, on or before the First Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two : And if any Justice, Vestryman, Church-warden, or Constable, shall neglect his Duty herein, such Justice, Vestry man. Church-warden, or Constable, shall reflectively forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

II. And whereas the several Quarterly-Rolls of the Deficiency-Tax, in the said Parish of St. Mary, from December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, to March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty; from March to June, from June to September, and from September to December, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty; and from December, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty, to March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fiifty-one; and from March to June, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty-one, have been made up and issued in a very irregular Manner, by reason that the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of St. Mary taxed only those that gave into them an Account of their White People, Negroes, and Cattle, and entered only the Names of those Persons that omitted to give in the fame, and left the Columns for the Numbers of the White People, Negroes, and Cattle of such Persons, and the Sums they were to pay for their several Deficiencies, entirely blank, to the great Prejudice of the Publick: For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of the Parish aforesaid be, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to issue Six new Rolls for the Six Quarters herein last mentioned; in which Six new Rolls they shall insert the Names of the Estates and Persons that were inserted in the former Rolls for the,

7 said

345

Act 185. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

raid Six Quarters, and of whom the Number of White People, Negroes, and 1751.

Cattle, and the Sums they were to pay, were emitted, to be inserted; and over v-- —

against the Names of such Estates and Persons they shall add the Number of White People, Slaves, and Cattle, such particular Persons and Estates stand charged within that Roll that was issued for that Quarter which begun in March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, and ended in ‘June the same Year, being the Quarter immediately preceding such Omissions;

and shall charge the said Estates and Persons in the said Six Rolls with the several Sums of Money they would be liable to pay for Deficiencies, by the Laws in Force at the Times such Deficiencies would have been payable; and they, the said Justices and Vestry, and the Church-wardens and Constables of the said Parish, shall levy or cause to be levied, in the same Manner that the Deficiency-Tax hath been usually levied, the Money due on the said Six Rolls so by them to be issued; and shall pay into the Hands of the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; the Commifii-oner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, on or before the First Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, all and every Sum or Sums of Money that shall be due on the said Six Rolls j and if any Justice, Vestryman, Church-warden, or Constable, shall neglect his Duty herein, such Justice, Vestryman, Constable, or Church-warden, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

III. And whereas the Church-wardens of the said Parish of St. Mary have omitted to collect any Duties on Rum for the several Quarters of a Year herein after mentioned; that is to say, from June to September, and from September to December, One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight; and from June to September, and from September to December, One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish be, and they are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, to lay, assess, levy, and collect, an equal Tax upon the Slaves and Cattle on the Sugar-Works in the said Parish actually making Sugar, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, to the Amount of Sixty Pounds, in order to make good the said Omissions: And they, together with the Church-wardens and Constables of the said Parish, or some or One of them, are hereby required to pay the said Sum of Sixty Pounds into the Hands of the Honourable Benjamin Hume, Esq; the Commissioner, or the Commissioner for the Time being, on or before the First Day of September, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two; and if any Justice, Vestryman, Church-warden, or Constable, shall neglect his Duty herein, such Justice, Vestryman, Church-warden, or Constable, shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds/

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties in this Act mentioned, shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Supreme Court of Judicature; Half of which shall go to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, to and for the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same.

V. And whereas, by an Act entituled, An Act to appoint proper and certain Days for the Freeholders of the several Bari foes within this If and to meet and chuse Vestrymen and other Parochial Officers; and for protecting Freeholders from Arrests on the Days of Election of Members to serve in the Assembly, it was enacted, That 7 the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Mery should meet on the Second Fhurfday in March for choosing Vestrymen and other Parochial Officers; which Day hath

been found inconvenient: Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time for Freeholders of the Parish of St. Mary aforesaid, shall meet on the First Fhurfday chufmgPaiifh in February, in every Year, for the Purposes before mentioned, in Lieu and instead Officers-of the said Second Fhurfday in March; any thing in the before recited Act, or any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do forthwith transmit a Copy of this Act to the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of St. Mary.

4 S

An

346

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 186,187.

1751- An Act to alter and amend an Act entituled, An Act to encourage

the Breed of good and large Horses.

Act 186. WHEREAS., by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this W Island, passed the Seventeenth Day of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty, entituled, An Act to encourage the Breed of good and large Horses, it is, among other things, enacted, That the Receiver-General for the Time being shall furnish and provide a Purse of One hundred Pistoles once every Year, and that the same shall be annually run for on the First Thursday in November in each Year, in or near Spanifj Town Savannah, upon a Two Mile Course, the best of Three Heats, under such Rules and Regulations as is usually at Races in Great Britain, by any floned Horses or Mares, carrying Ten Stone each, Fourteen Pounds to the Stone; and whereas, by the late Act of Parliament for regulating the Commencement of the Year, and for correcting the Kalendar then in Use, the said First Thursday in November in every Year will happen earlier in every Year than the fame would have done if the said Regulation had not been made, which will become inconvenient, by reason of the heavy Rains which usually fall in that Season of the Year : May it therefore please your most excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That hereafter the Publick Purse said Purse shall be run for on the last Thursday in November in every Year, under the^afVTbuJr ^ame ^-u^es anc^ Regulations mentioned in the said first recited Act, as if the day in Nov cm- fame should have been run for on the said First Thursday in November; any thing ter. in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiver-General The Purse to for the Time being shall cause the said Purse of One hundred Pistoles to be brought, ,£to the Field on every such la ft. Thursday in November in every Year, into the Field or Place

appointed, in the said first recited Act, for running of the said Race, and there to be delivered to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or to such Person as he shall appoint to be Judge of the said Race j to be by him paid, immediately after the Determination of the said Race, to him, her, or them, who shall have the proper Right or Claim to the fame, pursuant to the said first recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every thing therein contained, shall continue and be in Force during the Continuance of the said recited Act.

An Act to impower the Justices and Vestry of the Parish of West-moreland to purchase a Lott or Lotts of Land in or near the !Town of Savannah La Marr, and to build a Court-house thereon.

Act 187.\\THE REA S, by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this W Island, entituled, An Act appointing Commissions of Nisi prius, and enlarging the Jurisdictions of justices of the Peace in Matters of Debt, this Island is (for the more speedy Administration of Justice, and for the Ease of the Inhabitants thereof) fevered and divided into distinct Counties, appointing therein the most convenient Places for holding Courts for trying and determining Matters of Debt, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, by Commissions of Nisi prim : And whereas the Town of Savannah La Marr, in the Parish of Westmoreland, hath beer.' appointed the County Town for the County of Cornwall; and as it is highly necessary there should be a convenient Edifice for holding the said Court of Justice, as well as for holding the inferior Courts of Common Pleas and Courts of Quarter Sessions, for the Conservation of the Peace, and for the

Trial

Acti87ji88. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

3 M

Trial of Negroes and other Slaves, the Meeting of Vestries, and better carrying 1752. on the Publick and Parochial Business: We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal v — --y — J Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Bland, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of Westmoreland, to meet and to purchase a Lott or Lotts of Land, at or near the Town of Savannah ha Marr, and thereon to erect a House or Court house Edifice for a Court-house for the holding Seftlons of Nisi prius and other Pleas, ^Innah'u and for transacting all other Publick and Parochial Business. Marr,

II. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices and Vestry, and they are hereby impowered to raise any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeeing in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; and to assess, collect, and levy the same in such Manner as the Parochial Taxes are now raised, assessed, collected, and levied.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and and repaired

may be lawful for the Justices and Vestry of the said Parish of Westmoreland, from Pa'

Time to Time, as the same shall be necessary, to repair the said House or Edifice

out of the Parish-Tax that shall be annually raised in the said Parish.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, be deemed a publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without specially pleading the same.

An Act for making Provision for such Persons as may arrive from any of his Majesty s Sugar Colonies.

WH*ERE AS several Persons have lately arrived from the Bland of Bar- Act i88;

badoes, with their Wives and Children, with Intention to become and to continue Inhabitants of this Island; and as some Doubts have arisen whether they are within the Letter of an Act entituled, An Act for the better and more effectual Encouragement of White Families to become Settlers in this If and, and for giving a Bounty to certain Artificers to come over and exercise their several Trades, so to be entitled to receive the Encouragement therein given : We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Island of Jamaica, being truly sensible how beneficial the introducing any White Persons into this Island will be thereto, and being willing and desirous to give all possible Encouragement to such Introduction, humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor,

Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners in the Commifii-said Act mentioned, or any Five of them, during the Intervals of Assemblies, upon Application made to them, to enquire into the Pretensions of all Person or Persons Comers, {sv who shall hereafter arrive from any of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America; and if, upon such Enquiry, it shall appear to them that they have come with an Intention to continue and reside here, that they, the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, shall give Orders and Directions to the Receiver*

General immediately to pay unto every such Person or Persons the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to re-imburse him, her, or them, for the Expences of his, her, or their Passage hither, and Support, after his, her, or their Arrival; all which Sums shall be allowed him out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be printed, and Fifty Copies thereof to be delivered to the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, and Six Copies to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly j to be by them promulgated according to their Discretion.

6

3+8

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 189,190.

1752.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and

v--- every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and continue in Force

from the passing thereof till the Second Day of Decemhei~, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, and no longer.

An Act for continuing an Act, entituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Service and Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof, and other Purposes relating to the Service of Jurors, and rendering the fame a more equal Duty; and for the Proof of Service of Actions at the Suit of the Provost-Marshal.

Act 189. ITT WHEREAS an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Eland, entituled, An Act for the farther regulating of the Service and 'Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof and other Purposes relating to the Service of Jurors, and^ rendering the fame a more equal Duty, passed the Twenty-eighth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and forty-seven, expires at the End of this present Sessions of Assembly; and whereas it is found necessary and convenient for the publick Good, that the said Act should be continued for a further Time, and that Provision should likewise be made for the Proof of Service of Writs and Process at the Suit of the Provost-Marshal, in his own Right, and in the Right of others whom he doth or may represent: Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Eland of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be and continue in Force from the End of this present Sessions of 'Assembly, for the further Term of one Year, and no longer *.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on Affidavit in Writing of the Proof of Service of any Summons, or other Process, at*the Suit of the Provost-Marshal, in his own Right, or in the Right of others whom he doth or may represent, sworn before any Judge of the said Supreme Court, or any Judge of the inferior Courts of Common Pleas, or any Commissioner appointed by the Supreme Court to take Affidavits, and filed in the Office of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, shall be of the fame Force and Effect, for the Proof of such Service, as if such Affidavits were sworn in the said Supreme Court.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every thing herein contained, shall also be and continue in Force for one Year, from the End of this present Sessions of Affiembly, and no longer.

An Act to prohibit the Importation of Sugars, Rum, a?id Molajfoes, of the Growth of the French, Spanish, Dutch, and Danish Colonies in America into this If and; and for preventing everal Frauds conmtitted by Persons trading to and from the Northern Colonies,

This Act continued by Act I96.

Act 190.

w

WHEREAS divers Persons and Traders in this Island have heretofore carried on a most pernicious Trade with thz French, Spanif.h, Dutch, and Danifo Colonies in America, by illicitly and clandeffinely importing into this Eland, and from thence into Great Britain, as English Produce, Sugars, Rum, and Molaffoes, of the Produce and Growth of the said Colonies, to the very great Prejudice of his Majesty's Subjects the Planters of this Eland; and whereas your Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, signified to your Majesty's Governor of this Eland, by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, is, that effectual Measures should be taken by Laws to prevent such Importation of foreign Sugar; we therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January next ensuing, no Sugars, Rum,

or

Act 1,90. The L A V/ S of JAMAICA.

349

1752.

or Molafloes, of the Growth of any of the French, SpaniJJj, Dutch, or Damp Colonies, shall be imported into tins Island, as Merchandize, or shall be shipt, laden, or taken on board any Boat, Canoe, Sloop, Ship, or other Vessel, in any of the Penalty for said Colonies, or elsewhere, in order, or with Intent to be imported into this in)Por^ g f°-Island, as Merchandize, or otherwise, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said^n Sugars, Rum, and Molafloes, so imported, or intended so to be, together with the Boat, Canoe, Sloop, Ship or other Vessel, in which the same shall be imported, or on which the fame was shipt, laden, or taken on board, in order* and with Intent to import the fame, with the Tackle, Furniture, Guns, Ammunition, and Apparel of such Boat, Canoe, Sloop, Ship, or other Vessel, and of One hundred Pounds, by the Masterof such Boat, Canoe, Sloop, Ship, or Other Vessel, and the like Sum by the Owner and Proprietor of such Sugars, and every of them; which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be recovered in his Majesty's Court of Vice-Admiralty of this Island, or in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Captains, and other Officers of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels of War, and all Officers who

by Law are authorized to make Seizures of Goods run, or intended so to be, are Seizures hereby authorized and impowered to seize the said Sugars, Rum, and Molafloes, ^e/eof by^ either on Land, in Port, or at Sea, and the Boats, Canoes, Sloops, Ships, and given wholly other Vessels, on which they have been imported, or are shipt, laden, or taken on to the Cap-board, in order, and with Intent to import the fame into this Island; and that*01"5, the whole of the said Seizure and Forfeiture, if taken by any of his Majesty's Ships, or Vessels of War, shall be to the Use of the Captors; and, if taken by any other Officers, one Moiety or half Part thereof to be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Disputes,how Dispute or Difference shall arise touching the said Sugars, Rum, or Molafloes, be- decided, ing of the Growth of the French, Spajiish, Dutch, or Damp Colonies, and intended to be imported into this Island, the Onus probandi shall lie upon the

Owner or Importer of the said Sugars, and not upon the Seizer or Informer thereof, and the Claimer shall be reputed the Owner or Importer.

IV. And whereas Masters of Vessels, trading to and from the Northern Colonies to this Island, are often indulged to enter and clear their Vessels at the several Offices within this Island, at one and the same Time, and do frequently clear out their said Vessels as having on board several Sorts of Commodities of the Produce of this Island, when in Fad; they have no such Commodities on board, or design to take any; but instead thereof, and to the great Prejudice of the Trade of this Island, do carry empty Casks for holding, and Money for purchasing,

Molafloes, Sugars, and other the Products of the French Islands, which by Means of their Cockets obtained here as aforesaid, easily enter into the said Northern Colonies as the Produce of this Island; for preventing of such pernicious Practices for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comptroller and Collector of his Majesty's Customs, the Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, or any Officers of the Customs or Revenue of this Island, or any Deputy of such Comptroller, Collector, Receiver-General, or the Receiver-General for the Time being, or other Officer of the Customs, or Revenue, shall not presume to clear out any Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel trading to the said Northern Colonies from any of the several Ports of this Island, under the Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, until such Time as the Maf- Penalty on ter or Commander of such Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, shall have appeared be- Pffi"rts y^r‘ fore him, them, or some, or one of them, or his, their, or some, or one of reu before a their Deputies, and produced Certificates under the Hands of the several Persons Mamfeft of _ of whom such Person or Persons have or hath bought the said Goods, Wares, flvorn^fS'r! and Merchandizes, of the Produce of this Island, setting forth the Quantity of

every particular Sort, and the Time when they were fold; which said Certificate shall be attested by a Magistrate of the Parish, where the Commodity or Commodities are purchased, and take the following Oath in Writing; or, if a Quaker,

4 T his

35°

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act >190,191»

Penalty on Mailers of

1752: his solemn Affirmation in Writing instead thereof; which Oath or Affirmation,

i — y — - the said Comptroller and Collector, the Receiver-Genera!, or the' Receiver-Gene- 1 ral for the Time being, or either of their Deputies, or any other of the said Port Officers, or their Deputies, are hereby impowered and required to administer.

The Oath. X A. B .do swear, 'that I have on hoard my Ship or Vessel the Goods, Wares, and Merchandises, mentioned and i?iferted in the Manifest by me delivered, and for which I have now produced a Certificate or Certificates; and that I will not receivi on hoard this my said Ship or Vessel, or export in this my present Voyage, any other Goods> Wares, or Merchandises, but what I produce such Certificates for, as aforesaid, before I depart, or fail from this Island.

So help me God.

And in case the Master, Commander, or Owner of such Ship, Sloop, or Vessel, in his Manifest, report a greater or lesser Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, of the Produce of this Island, than he actually hath on board, he shall forfeit sMpfwearing Sum of Five hundred Pounds current Money of this Island, and suffer Six falsely. Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize.

Penalties how V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties iri recovered; this Act mentioned, and not herein before declared where to be recovered, ot how to be applied, shall be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non vult ulterius prosequi entered; one Moiety, or half Part whereof, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs, and Sucessors, for and towards the Support of the Go-1 vernment of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for the same.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be forthwith printed, and Three Copies thereof to be delivered to his Excellency the Governor, ajid to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly; the Charges whereof shall be paid him by the Receiver-General, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing herein contained, shall continue and be in Force, from the said First Day of January next, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to give a Recompence to Persons that shall he unjustly vexed

by Writs of Replevin.

Act iqi. \\ 7 ^ A S the Right, Title, and Interest to Negroe and other Slaves,

and to Horses, Mules, Asses, and Neat Cattle, have been and now are tried in the Supreme Court of Judicature, upon Writs of Replevin issuing out of the said Court: And whereas by the Usage of this Island such Negroe and other Slaves, and such Horses, Mules, Asses, and Neat Cattle, are produced at all Trials, upon such Writs of Replevin concerning them; which Usage by long Experience hath been found useful, by Reason that the Parties for whom Judgments have passed at such Trials, have had an immediate Benefit of the fame, by a Delivery of the Thing contended for : And whereas many Plaintiffs in such Writs of Replevin do, by issuing such Writs and further Processes thereupon, compel Defendants to produce such Negroe and other Slaves, and such Horses, Mules, Asses, and Neat Cattle, at such Supreme Court; and when the same are produced, and kept there at a very great Expence in Money, beside the Loss of the Labour of them, the said Plaintiffs will not come to Trial upon such Replevins, but continue their Causes over from Court to Court, to the intolerable l* Charge

Act 191.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

35*

Charge and Damage of the Defendant: And whereas Defendants do, in like 1752. Manner, when any of the afore-mentioned Particulars are delivered to the Plaintiff, according to the Exigency of such Writs of Replevin, avoid coming to a Trial, under various Pretences, whereby such Plaintiffs are put to the like Expences, Losses, Charges, and Damages: For Remedy whereof, we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Iliand of Jamaica, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said bland, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That whenever it shall happen, that any Negroe or other Slaves,- or any Horses, Mules,

Asses, or Neat Cattle, shall be produced by the Plaintiffs or Defendants in the said Supreme Court of Judicature, in Obedience to any Writ of Replevin, or to any subsequent Process grounded upon such Writ, or to any Rule of the said Court made thereon, or shall be in the Custody of the Provost-Marshal by virtue of the fame Processes or Orders, and the Trial of such Writ of Replevin shall be put off on the Motions of such Plaintiffs or Defendants not having the Custody of such Negroe or other Slaves, or of the Horses, Mules, Asses, or Neat Cattle, it shall and may be lawful for the said Supreme Court of Judicature, at the Discretion of the said Court, according to the Exigency of the Cafe, to ad- persons injur-judge and award a reasonable Recompence to be made to the Party injured, byed by Delay the Party putting off such Trial, for the Expences and Charges of bring'ng such berecom-° Negroe and other Slaves, and such Horses, Mules, Asses, and Neat Cattle, to thepenced. said Court, and of maintaining them there, and of carrying them back to the Place from whence they were brought; and to compel the Payment of the fame by Attachment, or by any other summary Method which the said Court shall think proper.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Pr0viso> when any Negroe or other Slaves, or any Horses, Mules, Asses, or Neat Cattle, shall be produced to the said Court after an Eloignment on the Writs of Replevin, or a Nulla bona on a Writ of Withernam, or Non eji inventus on a Writ of Capias in Withernam, shall be returned j in such Cases, the Party producing them shall not be entitled to the Benefit of the Recompence by this Act herein-before granted, in such Court or Term w'herein either of the said Returns shall be made, in case the Plaintiff shall not go to Trial in such Court or Term.

III. Provided also, That when any Plaintiff or Defendant in Replevin, not proviso. having the Custody of the Negroe or other Slaves, or of the Horses, Mules, Asses, or Neat Cattle, mentioned in such Replevin, shall give Notice inWriting, to the Party having the Custody of the fame, Six Days before any Supreme Court or Term, that he doth not intend to come to Trial on such Replevin in the said Court or Term; then, and in such Case, if such Plaintiff or Defendant having the Custody. of such Negroe or other Slaves, or of such Horses, Mules, Asses, and Neat Cattle, shall produce them to the Supreme Court immediately ensuing such Notice, such Plaintiff or Defendant shall not be entitled to any Recompence by this AO. granted and allowed, for producing, maintaining, and carrying them back,-to and from the said Court, in the fame Court or Term for which such Notice shall be given.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any provost-Mrr-Negroe or other Slaves, or any Horses, Mules, Asses, or Neat Cattle, shall be in shalls Fees to Custody of the Provost-Marshal, upon any Writ of Replevin, or any subsequent Process, or Rule of Court grounded thereon, and the Trial of such Replevin putting off shall be put off, the Fees for detaining such Negroe or other Slaves, and such T"3'* &c-Horses, Mules, Asses, and Neat Cattle, shall be paid by the Party on whose Motion such Trial shall be put off.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on all Trialsp]aint;ffsnonr on Writ of Replevin, wherein Judgment shall pass for the Defendant, or the suited to pay Plaintiff shall become Non-suit, it shall and maybe lawful for the Supreme Court of Judicature, at the Discretion of the said Court, according to the Exi- Defendant, gency of the Cafe, to adjudge and award a reasonable Recompence to be paid by the Plaintiff to the Defendant, over and above the usual Costs of Suit, for 6 the

352

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 191,192.

.1752.

Un>\j

Act 192.

Receiver-General to pay

St. Catherine , 100l. and Kingston Pa-nfh 300l. annually.

Penalty on Mailers of Vessels leaving lick Men &c. on Shore

the Charges, Expences, and Losses, such Defendant shall sustain, by Means of bringing the Negroe or other Slaves, Horses, Mules, Asses, Neat Cattle, or other Goods and Chattels mentioned in the said Replevin to the said Court, and of maintaining and keeping them there, and of leading or carrying them back to the Place from whence they were brought, and to compel the Payment of the fame by Attachment, or by any other summary Method which the said Court shall think proper.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be printed, and Six Copies thereof shall be sent to his Excellency the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly; the Charge of which shall be paid by his Majesty's Receiver-General, out of any Money in his Hands unappropriated.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Thing therein contained, shall be of Force from the First Day of January next ensuing, to the full End and Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer.

An Act for the Relief and better Regulation of the Poor; and to oblige Masters of Ships and other Vzjfels to indemnify the several Parishes of this If and against any Charges and Expences for supporting and curing their sick> maimed, infirm, or disabled Seamen.

WHEREAS the Maintenance of the Poor is become very burthensome and expensive to the Parishes of St. Catheri?ie and Kingston, which have, for several Years pafl been burthened with the Maintenances and curing of many poor sick Persons, that did not belong to the said Parishes: In order therefore to relieve the said Parishes from so unequal a Burthen, be it enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island of Jamaicay t and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of One hundred Pounds be annually paid, by the Commissioner to the Publick, into the Hands of the Church-wardens of the said Parish of St. Catherine j and the Sum of Three hundred Pounds per Annum into the Hands of the Church-wardens of the Town and Parish of Kingston, for and during the Continuance of this Act, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated, to be by them, the said respective Church-wardens, applied to and for the Maintenance and curing of the aforesaid sick and poor Persons, not belonging to the said respective Parishes j which said Monies shall, from Time to Time, be accounted for, by the said Church-wardens respectively, to this or any future Assembly.

II. And whereas it hath been a Practice with Masters of Ships and other Vessels in the Merchants Service, from Time to Time, and in different Ports and Places in this Island, unjustly and illegally to discharge, turn on Shore, and leave at the said respective Ports and Places, many poor, sick, infirm, and disabled Seamen, who ought to be taken Care of and provided for by the said Masters of Ships and other Vessels; to remedy which Inconvenience, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Master of any Ship or Vessel shall, on any Pretence whatsoever, put on Shore, discharge, or leave upon this Island, any poor,

' sick, infirm, or disabled Seamen, who shall become a Charge upon any Parish of this Island, within the Space of Three Months next after the Time of their being put on Shore, he or they so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein noEfloin, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be granted or allowed, or Non •vult ulterius prosequi entered j one Moiety, or half Part whereof, shall be to our Sovereign Lord the King, his Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other

Moiety,

Act 192,193. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

353

IVloiety, or half Part thereof, to the Informer, or him or them that shall sue for 1752. the fame. '--- nt —

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Mailers Matters of of Ships and other Vessels coming into this Island shall, at the Time of their en- ^effeJs toglvc

r o J becurity to

tering such Ships and Vessels, give Security in the Secretary's Office of this Island, indemnify by a Clause to be for that Purpose inserted in the Bond they already enter into Panthes, tsfe. in the said Office, to indemnify the Church-wardens of the several and respective Parishes of this Island against all Charges and Expences whatsoever which they shall be at, for or on Account of the supporting and keeping, and against all Charges and Expences of Inquests, and of burying any such poor, lick, infirm, or disabled Seamen, so to be left on Shore, and becoming burthensome to any of the Parishes of this Island; all which said Charges and Expences shall be recovered against the said Masters of Ships and other Vessels respectively, or their said Security, by the Church-wardens of the Parishes where such Expences hath accrued, before any Judge of the Grand Court, or any Two Justices of the Peace, without Appeal, and to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Judge or Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Secretary of this Island do cause this Act to be forthwith printed, and Six Copies thereof to be delivered to his Excellency the Governor, and to each of the Members of the Council and Assembly j the Charges whereof shall be paid him by the Receiver-General, out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing herein contained, shall continue and be in Force from the passing thereof, for and during and unto the full End and Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Sessions of Assembly,

J m m /

and no longer; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to explain and a?nend a Clause in an Act passed in the Year One thousand seven hundred and fifty one, entituled, An Act for making good and wholesome Provisions, for railing and establishing the Credit of this Island, and repealing of an Act, entituled, A supplemental and explanatory Act.

WHEREAS by an Act entituled, An Act for making good and 'wholesome AcT 193.

Provisions for raising and establishing the Credit of this Island, and repeal-ing of an Act entituled, A supplemental and explanatory Act, passed last Sessions of Assembly, it is amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March next, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, no Person or Persons whatsoever, upon any Contract which shall be made from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of March, take, directly or indirectly, for Loan of any Monies, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of Six Pounds for the Forbearance of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time; and that all Bonds, Contracts, and Assurances whatsoever, made after the Time aforesaid, for Payment of any Principal or Money to be lent, or covenanted to be performed upon, or for any Usury whereupon, or whereby there should be reserved, or taken, above the Rate of Six Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void j and that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever which shall, after the Time aforesaid, upon any Contract to be made after the said First Day of January, take, accept, and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Chevi-zance, Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandizes, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Means, or by any Covin, Engine, or deceitful Conveyance, for the Forbearing or giving Day of Payment for one whole Year of and for their Money, or other Thing, above the Sum of Six Pounds, for the Forbearing of One hundred Pounds for a Year, and

4 U ' fe

354

The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act 193,194.

1

1752. so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Term,

- > shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the treble Value of the Monies,

Wares, Merchandizes, and other Things, so lent, bargained, exchanged, or shifted whereby it appears that there is a manifest Error in the Time expressed in the penal Part not agreeing with the Time expressed in the enabling Part of the said Clause, which may create Doubts, from whence great Inconveniences may arise: To prevent which, be it enacted and declared by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island; and it is hereby enacted, de-F.rror in Act c^arec^> and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Words {the said 184. Cl. XIX. FirfiDay of "January/were inserted in the said Clause of the said Act by Mistake, rectified. ancj that the Words (the said Twenty-fifth Day of March) ought to have been inserted in the Place and Stead of such Words so inserted by Mistake and that the said herein before recited Clause of the said Act shall be deemed, taken, adjudged, and understood, in such Manner, as if the said latter Words had been inserted in the Place and Stead of the former.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it is the Intention and true Meaning of the above recited Clause in the abovementioned Act,-that all Bonds and Securities entered into, and Contradis made, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March last, expressed or implied to carry lawful Interest, are entitled to the then legal Interest of Eight Pounds for the Forbearance or Loan of One hundred Pounds for a Year.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever was, is, or are in any wise subject, or liable to the Penalties expressed in the said aforementioned Clause of the said Act, for or on Account of having taken any Bonds or other Securities, or made any Contradis on or before the said Twenty-fifth Day of March last, at Eight Pounds per Centum Interest per Annum.

I

An Act for adding *TruJlees to those already appointed for vejling the JLftatey real and personal, of Thomas Finch, late of the Parish of Kingston, Esq, in Trustees, the better to enable his v Securities to pay the Sum of Three thousand eight hundred Poundsy due from the said Thomas Finch, as Commissioner to the Publick.

Act 194. \\ THEREASin and by an Act, entituled, Act for making and opening a F-oadfit for Wheel Carriages, from the Parish of St. Ann to the Par if) of St. Thomas in the Vale j and for empowering other Trustees to execute so much of the Tritfis as remains unexecuted by or under an Act entituled, An Act for vejling the Estate real and personal of Thomas Finch, late of the Parish of Kingstoh, Esq*, in Trustees, the better to enable his Securities to pay the Sum of Three Thousand eight hundred Pounds, due from the said Thomas Finch, as Commissioner to the Publick of this Island, passed in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, it is among other Things enacted, That Robert Phillips, Edward Manning, and William Peete, Esqrs. be nominated and appointed Trustees in the Room of divers others Persons deceased, in the said Act named; and that such Part of the Estate of the said Thomas Fi?ich, as then remained undisposed of, be, and the fame was thereby vested in them the said Robert Phillips, Edward Manning, and William Peete, Esqrs. and their Heirs, with Power to them, or any Two of them, to do all Acts and Things necessary to the Execution of the aforesaid Trust: And whereas, by reason of the Death of the said William Peete, and the Indisposition of one other of the said Commissioners, and some Part of the said Trust yet remaining unperformed, it is necessary, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, that other Trustees should be added: Be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That John Mcrfe, William

Gordon,

7

355

Act 195,196. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

Gordon, William Hicks, and Robert Duckinfield, Esquires, be, and they are hereby 1752. added to the said Robert Phillips and Edward Manning, the said surviving Trustees, — nominated and appointed in and by the said first in Fart recited Act:; and that all Tmdecsad-such Part of the Estate, real and personal, late of the said Thomas Finch, asre-ded-mains undisposed of by the said Trustees, or any former Trustees appointed for that Purpose, be, and the fame is hereby vested in the said John Morse, William Gordon, William Hicks, and Robert Duckingfield, and their Heirs jointly with them, the said Robert Phillips and Edward Manning, upon the Trusts, and to the Uses in the said Act, in as full, large, and ample Manner, as the fame was vested in the said former Trustees, or either of them; and the said John Morse, William Gordon, William Hicks, and Robert Duckinfield, are hereby vested with the fame Powers and Authorities as were or are vested in them the said former or other Trustees, or either of them, by Virtue of the said Acts, or either of them; and that they the said Robert Phillips, Edward Manning, John Mc?fe, William Gordon, and Robert Duckinfield, or any Two of them, shall and may execute the aforesaid Trusts, and do all Acts and Things necessary to the Execution thereof; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act to prevent frivolous and vexatious'Arrefs. 1753-

FOR preventing frivolous and vexatious Arrests, we your Majesty's most du-AcT 195.

tiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, humbly* beseech your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January, which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, No Personto no Person shall be arrested, or held tofpecial Bail, in any Case whatsoever, unlessbcarrested an Affidavit, or, if by a Quaker, a solemn Affirmation shall be made of the Cause^ic°made of of such Action; which Affidavit or solemn Affirmation may be made before any the Cause. Judge or Commissioner of the Court out of which such Process shall issue, authorized to take Affidavits in such Court; and for such Affidavit or solemn Affirmation, One Shilling and Three Pence for taking the fame, and One Shilling and Three Pence for filing the same shall be taken, and no more; and the Sum or Sums specified in such Affidavit shall be indorsed on the Back of the Declaration, delivered with the Writ or Process to the Provost-Marshal, for which Sum or Bail to be Sums so indorsed the Provost-Marshal shall take Bail, and for no more; but after taken for the the said First Day of January aforesaid, any Writ or Process of Arrest shall issue, Affida- and no Affidavit and Indorsement shall be made on the Declaration delivered with vit. the fame, in Manner herein before directed; then, and in such Case, the Provost-Marshal shall not proceed to execute the said Writ or Process.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to the making the Freeholders of this Island liable to Arrests upon mesne Process, or otherwise than they are liable before the passing this Act.

An Act for continuing an Act> entituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Service and Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof, and other Purposes relating to the Service of Jurors, and rendering the fame a more equal Duty; and for the Proof of Service of Actions at the Suit of the Provost-Marshal.

WHEREAS, by an Act of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Act i 96.

Island, entituled, An Act for continuing an Act, entituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the Service and Execution of Process, and the Returns thereof\ and other Purposes relating to the Service of Jurors, and rendering the fame leven years>

a more

56 The LAWS of JAMAICA. Act i96,197.

*753-

Act

97.

Governor mi po vered to make new Grants, etc.

a more equal Duty, and for the Proof of Service of ABions at the Suit of the Pro-vofl-Marshal, passed the Twenty-seventh Day of November, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-two, expires at the End of this present Session of Assembly; and whereas it is found necessary and convenient for the publick Good, that the said Act should be continued for a further Time: Be: it therefore enabled by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica; and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be, and continue in Force from the End of this present Sessions of Assembly, for the further Term of Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Assembly, and no longer.

An Act to impower his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor and Commander in Chief for the 'Time beings to make Grants to New-Comers of the Otte hundred Acres of Land laid out for the XJfe of Parties near the Barrack, at or near Manchioneal Harbour.

J H E RE AS, in pursuance of an Act of the President, Council, and Aflemr / bly of this Island, entituled, An Act for the Ease and Relief of the Inhabitants of this If I and in building Barracks, and remedying and [applying fame De-feBs and Omissions in the late Barracking Law, passed the Fifteenth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six, a Barrack or Fortress was erected and built at or near Manchioneal Harbour, in the Parish of St. Thomas in the Eaf, and One hundred Acres of Land near thereto were reserved, that in case the Parties garrisoned in such Barrack should be inclined to plant Provisions, or raise Stock, the fame might be distributed amongst them in such Shares and Manner as the Commander in Chief, on the Recommendation of the Commanding Officer of the Barrack, should judge most fit and proper; and whereas, in or about the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight, the Negroes in Rebellion were reduced to Obedience, and have ever since continued in the fame, so that the aforesaid Barrack or Fortress was evacuated, and the Soldiers or Parties garrisoned therein were discharged j and whereas, on account of such Soldiers and Parties being so discharged, soon after the building the said Barrack, no Use hath as yet been made of the said Land by any Persons in Garrison in the said Barrack, but the Whole of the said One hundred Acres of Land fiill remain vefied in your Majesty and whereas several New-Comers, by and with the Consent of his Excellency Charles Knowles, Esq; your MajestyTs Governor of this Island, have actually settled and begun to build Houses on the said One hundred Acres of Land so vefied in your Majesty, and are desirous of having Grants of the fame : But as the said Land cannot be granted to such New-Comers without the" Aid and Interposition of the Legislature, we, your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of "'Jamaica, humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island - of Jamaica, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, to grant, under the Broad Seal of this Island, to such the aforesaid New-Comers, their Heirs and Assigns, who have actually settled or begun to build Houses upon the said One hundred Acres at or near Manchioneal Harbour, the fame Lands by them so settled and built upon, in such Manner and Proportions as his said Excellency the Governor, or the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall think proper, provided that no such Grant shall exceed the Quantity of Twenty Acres.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Part of the said One hundred Acres of Land shall be left, after such Grants as are herein before mentioned shall be made, it shall and may be further lawful for his Excellency the Governor, or the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time

being.

Act 198,199. The LAWS of JAMAICA.

357

be'ng, to make Grants thereof, under the Broad Seal of this Bland, to such 1753 other New-Comer , their Heirs and Atligns, as shall apply to such Governor, v — v — J or Commander in Chief for the Time being for the same.

in. Provided always, Thatnofuch Grant shall be for more than twenty Provlf0, Acres to any one Person.

[Proviso.]

IV. Provided also, That no Grant to be. made by virtue of this Act shall extend to the Sca-shore, or Manchioneal Harbour, nearer than Three hundred Feet.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Expence of all Grants that shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be paid for by the Receiver-General out of any Monies in his Hands unappropriated.

An Act for the more effectual preventijig the evil PraSiice of the Owners of Slaves hiring out such Slaves to themselves.

TXT WHEREAS the several Laws now in Force, for prohibiting the Pro- Act 198.

YY prietors of Slaves fromhiring out such Slaves to themselves, are found to be incffcdtual, for preventing so pernicious a Practice : We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's liland of Jamaica, most humbly beseech.your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's said Island, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority of the same, That if any^ Owner or Owners, Employer or Employers of any Slave or Slaves, cr.any other Inhabitant of this Island, shall, from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-four, consent or permit for a certain Sum of Money, cr .other Confederation^ to be paid by the Day,

Week, Month or Year, or any greater or lesser Time, such Slave or Slaves to go abroad, or to employ themselves where such Slave or Slaves shall think fit, or to work for whom they please, he, she, or they, and all and every Per- p son hiring, or employing any such Slave or Slaves, thrall forfeit the Sum of Pe"fonshhJn Ten Pounds for every Offence; to be recovered before any Two Justices of outSiavest the Peace of the Parish or Precinct where the Offence shall be committed,themfeIm* by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods and Chattels; one Moiety whereof to the Informer cr Prosecutor, the other Moiety to the Church-wardens,' for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed.-

A II.r And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Se--cretary of',this Island do forthwith cause this Act to be printed, and three Copies thereof to be sent to his Excellency , the Governor-and Commander *in Chief, and to each of the Members of his Majesty's Council, and to each Member of the Assembly, and to the Cnjlcs of each Parish; the Charges of .which shall be paid to him. by the Receiver-General, out of any Monies jn his Hands unappropriated; and that this Act shall be read in each Quarter-Sessions of the Peace within this Island; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

14 J X O Y / ' .tolthe Bath.; \

WHEREAS a Road for Wheel-Carriages is now carrying on and Act 199.

making by Subscription from the Town of Kingston to the Bath; and to the End that the Undertakers of the said Road may be in no ways ob-llrudted or impeded in performing and completing so necessary and useful a Work, we, your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica, mofl humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it therefore enacted by the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Jamaica; and it is hereby enacted

Act 199.

3S5_

>753-

Commissioners appointed.

Parishes thro* which the road passes to keep it in repair.

Penalty on Justices, See. not doing their duty.

The LAWS of JAMAICA.

enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Philip Pinnock, and the Honourable Charles Price, and the Honourable Peter Valette, Esquires, be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the said Road; and they, or any Two or One of them, are hereby empowered and required, as soon as conveniently may be, after the passing of this Act, or whensoever it shall to them, or either of them, seem necessary and expedient, to apply to any Magistrate or Magistrates of the Parishes of St. David and St. Thomas in the East;, or either of them, to lay out the most convenient Road to the said Bath through the said Parishes of St. David and St. Thomas in the Ea/l,• (such Part of the said Road as leads through the Pa-ri/hes of Kingston and Port Royal being already opened;) and such Magistrate or Magistrates, so applied to, is, and are hereby obliged and required to issue such Warrant or Warrants, and to proceed in the laying out such Road after the Manner prescribed for laying out Roads, by an Act, entituled, An Act for theeHighways.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Inhabitants of the several Parishes through which the said Road now doth and shall pals, shall and they are severallyand respectively hereby authorized, impowered, obliged and required hereafter to amend and keep in Repair such Road for Wheel-Carriages when finished, so far as the same shall extend within their respective Parishes; and that the said Justices and Vestries of such respective Parishes shall appoint Way-Wardens of the said Road, and make Allotments of Negroes, Carts and Labour, and shall lay and levy Rates and Monies for the Amendment of the fame, on the same Days and Times that they are required to do the fame for the other Roads in the said respective Parishes.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Justices and Vestries of such the aforesaid Parishes, through which the said Road now is and shall be made, and the Surveyors and Way-Wardens of the said Road, shall do every other lawful Act or Acts, Thing or Things, and shall have like Remedy and Justification for their, and every of their Actions relating thereto, in the same Manner as they could do, or might have in any Case relating to any of the Roads in the fame Parishes respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Magistrate, Justice or Vestryman, shall neglect to do his or their Duty in any or either of the Particulars herein before mentioned he or they so of- , fending shall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered in the Supreme Court of Judicature of this Ifla.id, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information; one Half whereof to be to our Sovereign Lord,tKe King, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied to and for the amending and repairing the Road herein before mentioned; and the other Moiety, or half Part, to him or them that shall sue for the same.

General and Marginal Titles in the following ABRIDGMENT.

The Figures refer to the Pages of the Aridgment where those Titles are to be found.

A.

Actions, 20

Accoutrements, 23 Admiralty, 9 Affidavits, 7 Alarms, 1 Aliens, 1, 14 Alienations, 8 Allegiance, 1 Ammunition, 23 Angel Penn, 16 Arrests, 22 Artificers, 34 Affiembly, 1, 2 Affiay-Master, 9, 13, 14 Attachments, 2, 6 Attorney-General, 9 Attornies, 7 Auditor-General, 9 Azores Wine, 35

B.

Barracks, 2, 8, 18 Barrack Laws, 3 6 Bastardy, 2 Bath, 2 Beer, 35

Bills of Exchange, 23 Billiards, 13

Bills of Sale. See Deeds*

Black River, 4 Blasphemy, 35

Boats and Wherries, 3, jo, ji Boards, 40 Bonds, 13, 20 Bonds of Surveyors, 29 Bottled Liquor, 40 Boundaries, 6 Brandy, 35 Bridges, 4 Broad Seal, 11 Buildings, 33 Bullion, 14 Butchers, 22

C.

Cabaritta Bridge, 4 Captain of the Fort, 11 Capt. Quaw, 26 Carriages, 4, 12 Cattle and Stock, 4 Cattle-Drivers, 4 Chancellor, 26 Chancery, 6 Church and Church-Wardens, 5 Clarendon., 16, 30 Clergy, 5, 30, 32 Clerk of Grand Court, 9, 26

- the Crown, 10, 26

- the Peace, 10, 26

- the Patents, 10

- the Warrants, 10

- the Markets, 10, 22,26

- the Chancery, 10, 26

- the Vellry, 41

- the Parish, 30

Clipping, 25

Coach-Hire, 4 Cocoa, 35 Collector, 9, 27 Col. Cudjoe, 26 Commanders of Parties, 24 Commission, 9 Commissioners, 9, 11, 34 Common-Pleas, 6 Constables, 6, 9 Convicts, 38, 39 Coopers, 41 Copartnercy, 20 Coroner, 9, 27 Cotton, 35

Courts and Judges, 6, 7, 9, 18 Courts-Martial, 24 Cryers, 30 Cyder, 35

D.

Debts and Debtors, 2, 7, 19 Debts, Publick, 36 Deeds and Patents, 7, 19, 29, 3 6.

Deficiency, 24 Deputy-Marffials, 27 Dice, 13

Discoverers of Land, 34 Dismembering, 39 Divine Service, 35 Divisions of the Island, 8 Dower, 38 Droguers, 32 Duties, 35

E.

Ecclesiastical Laws, 5 Elections, 2, 11 Electors, 2 Enemies, 8 English Statutes, 20 Entries, 35 Escheats, 9 Estates, 9

Estreats of Fines, 28 Executors, 9 Executions, 42

F.

Factors, 40 Falls, 5, 9, 17

Fees of Offices, &c. 6, 7, 9, 28, 29

Felony, 4, 10, n, 13, 36, 38 Fences, 4 Ferry, 4, 15 Ferry-Boat, 3 Finch's Estate, 35 Fines, 10, 11, 13, 24 Fire, io> ii, 19 Fire-Arms, 38 Fisheries, 11 Flour, 22 Foreign Vessels, 1 Foreign Sugar, 40 Foreigners, 1 Foreign States, 10 Foreign Freight, r2, 17 7

Forestalling, 38 Forgery, 11

Forts and Fortifications, 1,11,28 Fowling, 11

Freeholders, 5,11,12,20,34,43 Freights and Passage, 12 Free-Men, 2

Free Negroes, 12, 17,24 Freed Slaves, 39 Free-Schools, 12 French Wine, 35 G.

Gaming, 13

Ginger, 35

Goats, 4

Goldsmiths, 14

Gold and Silver, 13, 14, 17

Governor, 1, 10, 14, 24, 28, 32

Grand Court, 7

Grants, 8, 33, 34

Great Britain, 8

Greenwich Hospital, 21

Guardians, 9, 14, 15

Guanaboa, 16

Gunpowder, 11, 15

Guns, 1

LI.

Hanover, 30 Harbours, 19, 3 3 Llawking, 38

Highways, 3, 15, 16, 17, 19, 415 42 Horses, 4 Horse-Catchers, 4 Houses, 11

Hunting and Hunters,4, 16, 22 Husband and Wife, 7

J-

Jail-Fees, 22 Jew, 16

Improvement of Land, 9 Indented Servants, 2 Indians, 1, 22 Indigo, 35 Infants, 16 Inferior Courts, 6 Informers, 1 Interest, 25, 34, 40 Invasions, 8, 22 Inveiglers, 6, 38 Inventories, 29 Ireland, 8 Judges, 6

Judgments, 6,16, 20 Juries, 7, 28 Jurors 9, 28, 41 Justices of Peace, 8, 10, 13, 16, 17, iS, 19, 32, 33

K.

Kingston, 12, 18, 19, 29

L. '

Lands, 9, 14, 16, 19, 36,43 Law and Law-Suits, 17, 20, 24 Laws for Barracks, 36 Lawyers, 7, 10

Leases

General and Marginal Titles in the following ABRIDGMENT.

Leases, 3, 29 Lent Money, 26 Letters-Patent, 8 Levies, 28, 43 Licences, 15, 21, 35 Lift of Actions, 28 Liquor, bottled, 35

M.

Madeira Wine, 22, 35 Magazines, 11 Manchioneal, 19, 33 Markets, 22

Mariners, 4, 18, 21, 29, 35, 39 Marriages, 5 Martial Law, 22 Masters in Chancery, 10 Masters and Owners of Slaves 17, 22 May-day Hill, 15 Meat, 22

Members of Assembly, 2 Merchants, 23, 26,40 Metheglin, 35 Militia, 12, 14, 23, 24, 25 Mines, 8

Money and Coins, 25 Money lent, 26 Mortgages, 8> 21, 23 Mum, 35 Murder, 22, 38 Muster-Rolls, 24 Mutton, 22

N.

Naturalization, 1 Naval Officer, 10, 27 Navy, 33

Negroe-Descendants, 2 Negroe-Towns, and wild Negroes, 26 Nets for Fiffiing, 11 New-Comers, 28, 36, 37 Non-Residents, 34

O.

Oaths, 9.

Offices and Officers publick, 19, 26, 27, 28, 29, 34, 37 Officers, Militia, 24 Officers, Civil and Military, 26 Ordinary, 29 Orphans, 14 Overseers, 32, 36

P.

Packet-Boats, 15 Parish Clerks, 30 Parishes, 2,3, 30, 31, 32,33 Parties, 25 Partitions, 28 Passage-Fort) 4 Patents, 8, 11, 33 Penal Bonds, 20 Perjury, 12 Pigeons, 11 Pilots, 1, 32 Piracies, 38

Pirates, 21

Planters, Plantations, and Penns, 34

Plantain-Garden-River, 16 Platts, 6

Poll. See Elections.

Portland, 14, 19, 32, 33 Port-Antonio, 14, 33 Port-Royal, 19, 25 Port-Charges, 1 Portugal Wines, 35 Processes, 20,21,28,43 Prosecutions, 20 Provost-Marshal, 10, 27, 28,

39> 43 Publick Buildings, 34

Publick Debts, 36

Publick Purse, 5

Ql

Quakers, 12 Quays, 34

Quiet Possession, 8, 19, 20, 33 Quit-Rents, 19, 29, 34 Quit-Rent Bonds, 28

R.

Re-Assays, 14 Rebels, 25

Rebellious Negroes, 29, 39 Receiver-General, 5, 10, 28,

29> 35 Records, 8 Reformed Officers, 25 Register of Births, 35 Re-Surveys, 19, 21, 40 Retailers, 25, 35 Revenue, 35 Rhenish Wine, 35 16

Roads, 15, 16 Rum, 34

Runaway Servants, 6 Run Goods, 29

S.

Sailors, 21 Savanna la Mar, 16 Sea-Coasts, 41 Secretary, 10, 20, 26, 29 Securities, 9 Serjeants, 25

Servants, 2, 6, 11, 17, 18, 23, 25> 29, 36 Settlers, 14, 19, 33, 36, 37,

41

Shingles, 40 Ships, 37 Ships of War, 41 Silver. See Gold Slaves, 5, 6, 10, 15, 17, 19, 20, 23, 24,28, 30, 35, 38, 39 Sloops, 4 Soldiers, 39 Squibs, 15 Staves, 40

Stealing Slaves, 3Q j

6

Stipends of the Clergy, 5, 32 Stilliards, 22

Stolen Goods, 18, 20, 39 67. Thomas in the Raft) 3, 9, 19 5l. George's, 9, 32 St. Andrew'^ 12, 15, 30 5l. Catherine's) 13, 29, 30, 31 5l. Ann'S) 15, 30 67. Mary's, 16, 31 67- la Vega, 25, 34

67. Dorothy's, 31 67. Elizabeth's) 31 6l. James's, 31 67. John's, 31 67. Thomas in the Valey 31 Sugar Droguers, 32 Sugar, 20, 35, 40 Summons's, 34, 43 Supreme Court, 7 Surveyors and Surveying, 10, 19 29, 40

Surveyor-General, 29, 40 Suspedled Persons, 6 T.

Taxes, 17, 40 Tax'd Bills, 20 Tickets for Departure, 29 Titchfield) 20, 33 Titles of Lands, 1, 6 Tobacco, 35 Tonnage, 11,37 Toll, 4, 15 Tolling, 39

Trade and Merchandize, 1, 23,' 40

Trades and Tradesmen, 41 Transcripts of Deeds, 8 Trespaftes, 21 Trustees, 9, 15 Turnpike, 15 Turtle, 11 Turtlers, 4

V.

Vagabonds, 6, 18, 41 Veal, 22

Venditioni Exponas, 43 Verey 13, 31 Vestries, 2, 5, 8, 19, 41

W. '

Warrants, 18, 25, 27, 40 Watch, 19 Waywardens, 3, 42 Weights, 22 Wells and Pumps, 19 Westmoreland, 13, 16, 3r Wharfs, Wharfingers, and Wharfage, 33, 42 Wherries, 3, 10, 11 Wills, 7, 9 Wild Negroes, 18 Wines, 35 Wounded Men, 25 Writs, 1, 2, 6, 7, 21, 40, 42,

A B R

I D

M E N T

Guns.

Foreign

Vessels.

Trade.

Informers. Port Charges.

Fortifica-

tions.

Pilots.

Indians.

Governor.

Naturaliza-

tion.

Foreigners.

Allegiance.

Titles.

Writs of Election.

A N

OF THE

ACTS.

N

ALARMS.

O Person to fire a Gun after Eight o'Clock at Night, unless as an Alarm *, and the Penalty for not forwarding an Alarm

ALIENS.

after Arrival at Port

Allowed (if they have not Money) to fell such Part of their Cargo as will defray the Expence of refitting. — Advertisement of such Sales to be made publick in the three Towns, three Days before such Sale 500 /. Penalty for clandestinely purchasing, landing, or assisting to bring

on Shore, Goods out of Foreign Vessels -

Informers entitled to Three-fourths of the Penalty -

Foreign Vessels subject to Port-Charges, Visitations, &c.

Not to enter any Fortifications, without Leave under the Hand and Seal

the Governor -

Foreign Vessels must pay Pilotage, whether they make Use of Pilots

or not

Indians imported, for the future to be on the fame Terms as Foreigners,

then and any Sale of them to be void -

The Governor impowered to naturalize Aliens -

Governor's Fees for Naturalization -

Penalty on Foreigners not giving in their Names in Thirty Days after Arrival, to the Custos, &c.

Aliens, on being naturalized, to take the Oaths of Allegiance, &c. and

entitled to all Rights and Privileges -

Titles of Lands, &c. taken up, or purchased by Aliens, and bought of, or held by any Devise under them, confirmed -

ASSEMBLY of JAMAICA.

Assembly to be called by Writ

Forty Days to be between the Test and Return of Writs for chusing Members for the Assembly -

b b

Aa. Clause.

17 2 3

84 1

- 3

- 4

5

7

- 7

112 10

132 1

22 1

2

84 6

84 6

22 3

1 1

981 1

War*

2

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Act. Clause.

Warrants for Elections to be transmitted by the Provost-Marshal to

the Custos or Justices, directed to the Constables, and by the Justices

to be signed and delivered to them — 9s 1

Summons's for electing Members not being executed on the Day appointed, not to be renewed until the Meeting of the Assembly _ 2

Elections. Separate Days of Election to be for each Parish — 98 2

Poll for electing Members to begin between the Hours of Nine and

Twelve in the Forenoon, and to hold till Five in the Afternoon. —

No Adjournment of the Poll allowed - 98 5

Electors. Electors not to be sent cut on Parties, or kept under Arms, on Days of

Election ' 98 8

Negroe De- No Person not removed above Three Degrees from Negroe Ancestors

fcendants. allowed to vote, but those removed Four Degrees, entitled — — 10

Civil Writs. No Civil Writ to be executed on any Freeholder on the Days of Elec-

tion, nor Forty-eight Hours after 162 5

Members of The Number of the Members of the Assembly to be chosen and returned

the Aflem- by each Parish : And Ten Days Notice to be given to each Member

bly. by the Provost-Marshal, of his being elected — 1 1

To be Freeholders — 1 2

The Qualification necessary to entitle them to a Seat in the House, and the Qualification Oath 98 9

ATTACHMENTS.

Debts. Attachments for Debt when and how to be issued 19 11

When and how to be granted for Debts under 40*. e - 12

BARRACKS.

Barracks to be built in the Western Division IOI 2 — 6

Where and how to built — — 1

' 2000 Acres round the Barracks to be veiled in his Majesty. — Lands taken

up for that Purpose to be paid for - 12, 13

Barracks to be furnished with Dogs — IOi 32

40 Acres of Land near the Head of the River Rio Bueno, vested in the

Crown for Barracks 114 I

Not to be within two Miles of any Settlement — — 2

To be run out and surveyed, and a Return recorded in die Secretary's

V-/II1CC 1 r r 6

A Barrack to be built and manned — 4

10 Acres to be reserved close to, and for, each Barrack, and to be divided

into Lots; and xoo Acres to be allowed for each Barrack, for the

Soldiers garrison'ed to plant — "7 4

The Men quartered at the Barracks to be subject to the Barracking Law IJ4 6, 7

Twenty-five able Negroe Men to be allotted for each of the twelve Bar-

racks — — 123 1 — 7

Parishes. The Negroes raised for the Barracks, after three Years, vested in the

Vestries. Justices and Vestries of each Parish, according to their Allotment.

Penalty for employing, harbouring, or concealing them — 8 — i 1

Barrack at the Little Maneague to be supported by the Parishes of St. John

and St. Dorothy — - 114 8

BASTARDY.

Freemen. Penalty on Freemen for getting indented Servants with Child 1 2 9

Indented Indented Servants getting Servant Women with Child, how punishable- — — 2

Servants.

B A T H of St. Thomas the Apollle.

Directors. Directors appointed, and made a Body Politick and Incorporate — 43 2

Impowered to sue and be sued as a Corporation, and to grant Leases 3' 4

To have a Common Seal, and to change and alter their Seal — — 5

To appoint and displace Officers, fix Fees and Salaries, and prescribe

Rules and Ordinances — — 6

8 To

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

3

St. Thomas in the East.

Highways.

Parishes.

Leases.

Way-wardens.

Ferry-Boat.

Directors to erect a Market, and appoint a Clerk -

To grant Licences for retailing Liquors without Fee or Charge —

Lands, &c. not to be let, but at Will -

How to apply the Money arising from Leases -

Impowered to make Use of such Part of the Land as they may think proper, and to collect Materials for building, in any Part of the

Lands, an Hospital for the Sick —

To lease too Acres for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to any Person engaging to build and keep Necessaries for the Accommodation of the Sick. — To grant Leases of Lands not exceeding ' Thirty Acres, nor Twenty-one Years, to any Person residing on such

Land -

New Directors appointed -

Impowered to convey Estates, in Fee, of Bath Lands granted or to be granted, on Terms -

To re-grant Lands forfeited for not complying with the Terms in Six

Months, and the Terms of such Grants -

To reserve Leave in all Grants to cut Timber, &c. for the Publick

Buildings — •-----

Alls done by former Directors confirmed, and those chosen and acting as

such, allowed to be Directors -

New Directors appointed —; -

The Commissioners of the Bath to apply to the Magistrates of St. Thomas in the East, to lay out a Road from the Bath to the Sea : And the said Parish to amend and keep the said Road in Repair -

The Justices, Vestry, and Way-wardens impowered, and the Penalty for

Neglect of Duty -

Grants of Town Lots not to exceed one Acre; and Grants of other Land not to exceed Twenty-five Acres, except to Persons keeping Publick Houses, to whom four Acres more may be granted — Lands taken up and not settled in three Months, or suffered to go to

Ruin, to be forfeited and re-granted -

Commissioners appointed for making a Coach Road to Bath —

The Parishes through which the said Road is to pass, to amend and keep

it in Repair - — : -

100l. Penalty on Justices or Vestrymen not performing their Duty

herein -

'-.eases or Grants of the Spring Lands, Negroes, or Mules belonging to

the Bath, void -

Soldiers to have one Lot of Land near the Spring, and another for a

Burying-Place -

Way-wardens appointed to lay out a Road from Cardiff*s Plantation to the Spring -

BOATS, WHERRIES, CANOES, &c.

Boats, &c. ho,w to be secured at Night —

Penalty on Persons convicted of intending or complotting to steal Wherries, &c. -

Flying within the Harbour of Kirgfton, &c. to have one white Man, under the Penalty of 40 s. per Month -

Penalty for plying for Hire, before numbered and registered —

One white Man to be employed in every Wherry, &c'. plying for Hire

(Water Canoes excepted). -

Wherries, &c. may land Goods at any publick Wharf, on paying the

usual Wharfage -

Rates of Hire of Wherries with two Oars, and with four -

When and at what Times Wherries, &e. are obliged to ply, and Penalty

for Refusal -

Ferry-Boat between St. Catherine and St. Andrew, Penalty for not keeping it in Repair -

Goods embezzled, stolen, or purloined out of Boats, &c. how to be recovered -

Owners of Wherries, &c. plying within Port-Royal Harbour, to give Bonds in the Secretary's Office. Penalty 40 s. -

Act. Clause.

- 7

- 8

- 9

10

94 3

4

*39 1

160 1, 2

- 2>3>4

- 7

- 8

10

181 L 2, 3

181 4> 5

160 7

94 9

199 1

2

- 4

94 1

160 9

94 6

23 28

- 33

46 4

- 6

60 1

- 4

1 1 5

6

42 4

60 j 1

38 38 Owners

4

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Sloops. T urtlers.

Black River

Bridge.

Cabaritta

Bridge.

Ferry-

Bridge.

Toll.

Passage-

Fort-Bridge.

Coach Hire.

Fences.

Goats.

Horses.

Mariners.

Cattle Drivers.

Felony.

Horse-

Catchers.

Hunting.

Owners plying in their Wherries, to be allowed as a white Man — Sloops plying round the Island, and carrying Goods for Hire, to have

two white Men in each Sloop -

Turtlers, and Vessels trading about the Island, not to pay Fees —

BRIDGES.

Black River Bridge to be repaired at the Expence of St. Dorothy's anc

St. Catherine's Parishes -

The Parish of Westmoreland to build a Bridge over Carbaritta River, anc

the Vestry to raise a Tax for that Purpose --

Ferry-Bridge to be built by the Parishes of St. Catherine, and St. Andrew, where the Horse-Ferry is -

Its Dimensions, and how to be rebuilt -

No Toll to be paid by Persons, &c. concerned in building and repairing

the said Bridge -

12 d. per Ton to be paid for Goods made up in Casks landed at, or flapped off from Passage-Fort Bridge -

Penalty on the Churchwardens of St. Catherine, for not keeping it in Repair -

CARRIAGES.

Rates of Hire of Coaches, &c. -

Owners of Coaches, Chaises, &c. plying for Hire, to hav^ one white

Man for each -

To give an Account on Oath, and Penalty for Neglect *---

CATTLE and STOCK.

Damages done by Cattle breaking into Fences, how to be adjudged — Penalty for clandestinely killing or destroying Cattle —

For not keeping a Number of white Men, in Proportion to the Number of Cattle -

For not penning Cattle once every three Nights --

Strayed Cattle how to be disposed of, and whose Property to be deemed All Cattle to be tolled at the Time of Sale, which Toll to be good against

former Sales 1 -

Penalty on suffering Goats to feed on others Lands --

Penalty for putting to feed on any Common, or open Pasture, Stone

Horses under 13 Hands 2 Inches high -

Horses under Size, taken up on Commons, &c. forfeited to the Person

taking them up -

Not to extend to Horses broke loose, unless continuing out three Months Penalty for turning out to Pasture in waste Grounds, Commons, &c. dif-

tempered Horses, Mules, &c. -

Bounty to Mariners for importing from England large Stone-Horses or Mares of 15 Hands high, and not exceeding five Years did, 10l. each For breeding Horses or Mares of the Heighth of 14 Hands and a half, if not the Breed ol a Horse or Mare from Ireland, or the

Northern Colonies, 10l. each -

Penalty on Cattle-drivers for acting, without first giving Security, and for making Cattle call their young -

For felling, bartering, or purchasing Cattle without proper Vouchers

False marking and defacing Marks of Cattle, Felony --

Fraudulently or designedly defacing Marks of Cattle, Felony — Horse-catchers not to ride or drive in the Savannah, until they give Security, and have an Order of Vestry -

Nor to mark Cattle, until Publick Notice given ——

Penalty on any (except Owners of Pens, &c.) for hunting, taking, or

killing Cattle in open Savannahs — 1 ' --

Persons killing hunted Cattle, to give Twenty-four Hours Notice, that the fame may be viewed -

5

Publick

Purse.

Receiver-

General.

Slaves.

Freeholders.

Vestry.

Bishop of London.

Ecclesiastical

Laws.

Marriages.

Falls.

Freeholders.

Stipend.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Penalty on Owners, &c. of Pens, for their, or their Servants, hunting Cattle with Lances, &c. without the Leave of the Cellos, and giving

Forty-eight Hours Notice to the neighbouring Pens --

Possessors of neighbouring Pens impowered to fend white Persons with such Hunters r---

Penalty on Owners, &c. of Pens, for hunting above Ten Miles from

their Pens, though licensed to hunt -

Proviso, not to impeach the Right of penning Cattle, as heretofore used,

the Persons so penning not carrying any Instrument of Death -

Nor to hinder Proprietors from hunting and killing Cattle on their own

Lands, first giving Notice as above —

Slaves not allowed to hunt Cattle, but in Company with Overseers, &c.

If found alone, guilty of Felony -

Public Purse to be run for in the Savannah of St. Jago de la Vega, the first Thursday in November, and the Conditions. The Governor to be

or appoint a Judge -

The Purse to be run for the last, instead of the first Thursday in November -

The Receiver-General to cause the Purse of ioo Pistoles to be brought to the Race Course, and delivered to the Governor, and by him to the Winner —

CHURCH and CHURCH-WARDENS.

Penalty on Church-wardens, who refuse to officiate when chosen, and account with the Vestry when required -

Church-wardens impowered to bind Apprentice poor Children on the

Parish

Required to pay the Reward to Slaves, for killing or taking rebellious

Negroes -

To pay the Cryer for burning Staves and Shingles under Measure —

Times appointed for chusing Church-wardens in each Parish -

Electors of Church-wardens, &c. to be qualified as for chusing Assembly-Men, except those in Port-Royal, St. David's, and Si. George's Parishes, who are not required to be so qualified -

CLERGY.

Clergy to demand no other Fees in their own Parishes, than allowed of

Act. Clause.

by the Vestries

Not to be capable of Presentation, unless proper Testimonials are recorded -

To keep a Register of Births, See.

The Minister of each Parish to be one of the Vestry, and no Order of

Vestry to be made, without giving him Notice -

Ministers, though duly qualified, not to demand Money for any further

Time than while they are officiating Ministers -

The Bishop of London to exercise Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction over the Clergy of this Island •, but not to extend to the Lay Inhabitants, nor to abridge or alter the Jurisdiction of the Governor as Ordinary, or

in Presentations *-- -

No Ecclesiastical Law to impose Penal Mulits or Punishmer.ts —

Penalty on unqualified Ministers for marrying •, and on qualified, for marrying without the Banns being published, or Licence granted Ministers of each Parish to publish yearly the Fast of the 7th of June,

and the 28 th of Aurnft —

Beneficed Ministers adjudged Freeholders, and to be admitted to 1 without taking the Oath -

The annual Stipends for the Minister of each Parish fixed — Contrails or Agreements to pay larger or other Salaries, void Annual Stipends again regulated, and raised ...- • —

165 1

- 2

- 3

- 4

- 4

- 6

l75 8

186 1

186 2

2

29 4

38 18

73 2

162 2

162 2

*5 ' 6

- 12

10

26 1

52 8

152 2> 3

15 14

15 13

72 2

152 4

*5 12

52 1 — 6

J52 1

6

__________:__________i__

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Act. Clause.

Suspected Persons. Runaway, Servants.

Vagabonds.

Court of Common Pleas.

Court of Chancery.

Writs of Replevin.

Inferior

Courts.

Titles.

Foreign Attachments. Judges.

Judgments.

Platts.

Sees.

Chief Justice.

Slaves.

Inveigling.

CONSTABLES.

Constables to demand of Mailers, Owners, and Employers, an Account of their Slaves every Six Months, and make a Return to the Justices

in Vestry -

To summon Juries to lay out new Roads -

To levy the Taxes, and on Non-Payment to distrain -

To present Mailers and Owners of Slaves for not cloathing them according to Law -

To punish Negroes throwing Squibs -

Constables, or any Officer civil or military, impowered to enter into any Place, to suppress and prevent drumming, and the Concourse of

Negroes -

A Constable, or any other Person, may take up suspected Persons, and

carry them to a Justice to be examined -

Penalty for Constables neglecting to search for and apprehend Runaway

Servants -

How to dispose of them when apprehended, and the Reward for taking

them up -

Penalty for not taking up Vagabonds -

C O U R T S and J U D G E S.

The Jurisdiction of the Court of Common-Pleas how far to extend, where and how often to be held -

All Chancery Process, except Attachments, may be served by any Person

The Supreme Court impowered to award a reasonable Recompence to the Party injured by Delays of Trial -

No Recompence to be allowed to the Party producing the Replevin'd on the Court after an Eloignment, Nulla bona, Withernam, or Non eft inventus, have been returned — ' _ --

Neither if, before the Court, or Term, Six Days Notice in Writing is given, that the Party does not intend to come to Trial the ensuing

Court -

The Party at whose Motion the Trial is put off, shall pay the Provost*

Marshal's Fees for retaining the Replevin'd -

Courts, &c. impowered to award a reasonable Recompence, above the uliial Colts, where Judgment shall pass for the Defendant, or the

Plaintiff be nonsuited -

The Judges of inferior Courts to certify within a Month to the Supreme

Court, the Fines, &c. by them laid —

Not to meddle in Actions where Titles of Lands and Negroes are concerned - > —

Impowered to issue foreign Attachments for Sums under 20l. —

Penalty on Judges officiating before they have taken the Oath; and for receiving Profits other than allowed of by the Acts of this Island —

Impowered to make Rules and Orders in their Courts -

To order Amendment of want of Form, and not to reverse a Judgment

merely for that Cause —

On Disputes about Platts differing from marked Lines, to determine according to the marked Lines -

Fees of Judges in general -

Not to alter Fees -

On the Death of a Chief Justice, the next assistant Judge to act in his

Room -

Chief Justice, or any two Justices of the Peace, impowered to order Re-ftitution of Slaves detained without due Course of Lawr and Payment of the Penalty -

The Penalty of 100l. imposed by a former Act for inveigling Slaves, to be recovered'by Order of two Judges, or three Justices —

How to judge the true Boundaries of Land in Dispute -

3

2

3

*5

38

54

64

2

29

3 5 2 — 4

3

*5

10

23

20

21

3

19 i

56 1

*9l

37

56

93

3

4

5

6

122 12 3

l9 3

4

47

56

67

S3

95

5

39

280

65

3

4

On

Boundaries.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

7

Writs of

View.

Affidavits.

Attornies.

Juries.

Lawyers.

Supreme

Court.

Fees.

Debts.

Debtors.

Husband and Wife.

Wills.

I X

out a writ-I I( ly Court of ? L

and 'under what Limitations —

| Chief Justice impowered to grant Commissions to take Affidavits in the several Parishes, which are to be of equal Force as Affidavits taken

before them -

Attornies marking Writs for a greater Sum than due, and without a written Power, liable to be discharged from practising in any

this Island —

I Juries to ascertain by aVerdift the Damages done by Enemies, to Persons suing for an Allowance, as by this Act: granted Penalty for Counsellors or Attornies practising before they have taken the Oaths, and for suffering their Clients to be nonsuited through their41

Default -

The Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court how far to extend — where to be held — how often — the Number of Judges — three to be a Quorum False Swearing before Commissioners appointed by the Court, to be liable to such Penalties and Punishments as if taken into Court I Fees of the Supreme Court -

DEBTS and DEBTORS.

Debts not exceeding 40 s. to be recovered by Warrants from Justices of j

the Peace -

For Taxes, where no Distress can be had, how recoverable

Whether by Bill, Bond, Mortgage, or Judgment; also Recognizances, Fines, and Amerciaments, not legally demanded for Twenty Year's

before, and Five Years after 1711, made void -

| Debtors imprisoned, not having any Thing to maintain themselves, to be

let to Hire, and how.--How prevented by a dissenting Creditor

The future Acquisitions of such Debtors liable notwithstanding —

To deliver up to the Provost-Marshal their Effects upon Oath -

DEEDS and LETTERS PATENT.

[ Deeds and Patents proved and enrolled within Three Months, valid [Old Deeds, &c. before omitted, if duly proved and recorded hereafter, valid : Except if second Bills of Sale are first recorded, they are to take Place

Though omitted to be recorded by the Vendee, to be good against the Vendor

Executed out of the Hand, if proved and recorded, valid

Duly executed in this Island, by proper Representatives, when to take

Place of Deeds made out of the Island -

Bills of Sale, and Conveyances by Husband and Wife, how valid — 1

1 Deeds, &c. made pursuant to this Act, though no valuable Consideration inserted, if proved, &c. sufficient to convey away the Right of I Lands and Negroes; (Deeds made by Infants, &c. excepted) —

I Wills and Deeds recorded in the Secretary's Office, and proved before the I Governor, or any Judge of a Court of Record, valid, where no second Deed, &c. appears to be proved and recorded before — Exemplification of Wills made out of the Island, if properly attested, allowed good Evidence of the Title of the Parties claiming — Deeds made out of the Island to be enrolled within Six Months. (Vide ]

Act 135, Clause 1 and 2.) -

To be recorded within Ninety Days after the Date, or void, against other Deeds for a valuable Consideration, proved and recorded within the J

Time limited -

Though omitted to be proved and recorded, good, if no second Sale or Mortgage upon Record, to the Vendee or Mortgagee, on recording the fame after -

[Penalty for executing a second, or other than the first Deed, without reciting the former to be according to the Laws of England — Deeds of Gift or Sale of any Part of the 30,000 Acres granted to new I Cqmers, made within Seven Years after such Grants, void -

Act. Clause.

95 6

13l 1

10 5 *3

182 1

82 3

j l9 4> 5

19 1

131 1

56 39 — 65

6 1

15 7

57 7

l9 20

- 21

26 *3

10 1

- 2

- 3

J "

- 5

18 4

57 8

96 2

- 3

- 7

- 5

- 6

- 8

75 7 Deeds

8

An ABRIDGME NT of the ACTS.

Alienations.

Great Britain.

Ireland.

Grants.

Letters Patent.

Quiet Possession.

Mortgages.

Letters Patent.

Mines, &c. Records.

Transcripts.

Barracks.

Invasions.

Justices and Vestries.

Deeds of Alienation of Lands granted to new Comers, if made within Seven Years after such Grant, void ——

Deeds executed out of this Island, proved, acknowledged, and recorded within Twelve Months after Date, or Ninety Days after Arrival,

valid -

Deeds executed and proved in Great Britain before the Mayor or chief Magistrate, &c. and under the Seal of any City, &c. sufficient Proof in Law Also in Ireland, and in his Majesty's Colonies in America —

Grants for pious Uses made for Twenty Years to come, confirmed j but if for superfeitious Uses, or other than allowed by the Church Jof

England, void -

Letters Patent to be enrolled within Six Months -

Granted for Lands, though erroneous in Form, confirmed : Provided the Mistake does not atfedt former Grants, which is to be rectified

and confirmed -

No Retrofpedt for Rents due for Lands held by Mistake of Patents, appearing upon Re-Survey -

Rents and Dues reserved by Patents to the King, not barred by this Act for quieting Possessions —

Patents to be recorded, and Quit-Rents from the Earthquake to be paid for Lands held by Order, within One Year, or to have no Benefit of this Act -

This Quiet PcJfession Act not to confirm the Title to any Mortgage pof-

felfed in Trust, &c. nor of latter against prior Patents -

Grants of Lands in St. Thomas in the Eafi and St. George's to pay no Fees,

and to be free from Taxes for Seven Years -

Patents and Grants, either already or hereafter to be granted, of Mines,

&c. void -

Records of Deeds, Patents, &c. (if old and worn) may be transcribed

by Order of the Commissioners -

The Originals to be reserved, and Oath to be made by the Commissioner before the Chief Justice, that the Copies made are exact Transcripts

of their Originals -

Erasing, embezzling, or Healing any Entry, or Book of Entry, or AP phabet in the Secretary's Office, or any Record of Judgment, or Decree in the Offices of the Clerk of Court, Clerk of the Patents, or Register in Chancery, to be punished as if committed in

England -

Transcripts of Deeds good and valid as the Originals -

To be compared, examined, and sworn to as true Copies by the Secretary -

Copies of Platts, Platt-Books, and Records hitherto truly copied and sworn to by the Clerk of the Patents and Register in Chancery, deemed valid and legal -

DIVISIONS of the Island.

The Island divided into two Parts called Eastern and Western Divisions The Western Division to build Barracks, and the Vestries of each Parish of the said Division to levy and allot Negroes, &c. for that Purpose -

ENEMIES.

Persons suffering Damages by the Invasion of Enemies how to be relieved Damages occasioned by Enemies invading the Sea-Coasts, to be made

good by the Publick, and how the Money is to be raised --

To be ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury, and not to be allowed, if'

occasioned by any Connivance, Fraud, or Neglect -

Justices and Vestries bordering on the Sea, within Twenty Days Notice from the Governor, to meet and levy a Tax for raising Forts, Breast-Works, &c. for their Security -

t

Act. Clau/e.

107 10

l35 I, 2

179 I O

12 I, 2

10 15

47 3> 4

47 4

57 3

- 4

5, 6

68 12, 13

3° 1, 2

61 2

- 3

96 1

115 i — 4

115 2

173 1, 2

IOI 1

- 2 — 6

i7 19

82 1

3

88 1

E S-

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

9

Ad. Clause.

Improvements.

Auditor General.

Lands.

Jurors.

St. Thomas in the East, and S(. George's Parifl}.

ESCHEATS.

Escheats, how to be conduced -

improvements on Lands escheated to be allowed by Heirs claiming their

Right -

Escheats being appropriated as Part of the Revenue, not to prevent the

Receiver-General accounting with the Auditor -

Lands escheated, to be called out three several Times in different Grand

Courts, before Judgment pass for the King, otherwise void

Wills.

Oaths.

Securities.

Commis-

fions.

Estates.

Jurors on Escheats to be Freeholders, and an Oath to be taken by

them -

Lands in the Parishes of St. Thomas in the East and St. George's, efeheat able, how to be disposed of

Escheats of Lands in those Parishes, how to be executed for Three Years and after -

EXECUTORS, GUARDIANS, and TRUSTEES.

Executors, Guardians, &c. on exhibiting Wills to be proved, to give an Account of the Value of the Testamentary Estate to the bed of their Knowledge upon Oath, and to give Security, and return Inventories

in the Secretary's Office -

Oaths ipay be administered by virtue of a Dedimus -

Obliged to take sufficient Securities on granting Leases of Estates ui their Care, and to record the Leases, with Schedules annexed, in the Secretary's Office in three Months -

Assay-

Master.

Attorney-

General.

Collector.

Commis-

fipners.

Constable's

Fees.

Coroner. Courts and Judges.

Admiralty. Clerk of the Supreme CQurt.

Cent.

T9 return upon Oath, yearly, an Account of the Produce of Estates in their Care, into the Secretary's Office, to be recorded. — [This Act expired, but is since revived, anno 1751, Act 184,

Clause 14.] -

Penalty for neglecting to make such Return, and the Oath of Return to •be taken before a Judge -

18

86

99

68

FASTS.

An Anniversary Fast to be kept on the 7th of June -

Penalty for doing any Work or Bu finess, or working Servants, Slaves

An Anniversary Fast instituted to be kept every 28th Day of Augtift — Penalty for working on that Day -

F E E S.

Assay-Matter's Fees — r — 7- -

Attorney-General's Fees - — 7- -

Collector's Fees -- — r- — 7 -

Commissioners appointed by the Judges, for talcing Affidavits, their Fees

Constable'sFees for.serving Warrants -.

<Forvcollecting. Parish Taxes —

Their Fees in general —

Coroner's Fees

Fees for the acknowledging and recording Deeds Fees of the Judges of the Supreme Court —

Ditto of the Inferior Courts -

Fees of the Court of Admiralty -

Fees in general of the Clerk of the Supreme Court

d d.

3

5

28

5

6

9

10, 11

5$ 2

3

4

184 15

127 1

2> 3

3* j 1

7 3

72 1

3

I 150 s 3' 4

' !| 3

5.6 194 — 200 1

- 219 — 227

> 2 l

6 2

15 2

56 I42 144

5b 136~137

10 7 — i5

56 38, 39

- 99 — 133

228 — 231

56 (4° — 64

Fees

IO

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Clerk of the Fees of the Clerk of the Crown Crown.

Clerk of the Peace.

Clerk of the Patents.

Clerk of the Warrants. Clerks of the Markets.

Governor.

Justices of Peace. Lawyers. Masters in Chancery. Naval Officer.

Provost-

Mailhal.

Receiver-General i

Secretary.

Surveyor's

Fees.

Foreign

States.

Boats,

Wherries.

Fire.

Slaves.

Act. Clause.

- 56 145> *4*

Fees of the Clerk of the Peace for Tolling and Recording Tolls For Trials of Negroes, such as the Justices and Vestry allow -

His Fees in general -

Fees of the Clerk of the Patents, for Copies of Original Platts For Certificates of Resignation of Lands -

Fees in general

Fees of the Clerk of the Warrants -

Fees of the Clerks of the Markets -

Fees for adjtilling Weights to the Standard -

Governor's Fees in general -

For re-granting of Lands of Absentees forfeited for Non-Payment o

Quit-Rents -

Fees of the Justices of Peace -

Lawyers Fees -

Fees of the Masters in Chancery

Naval Officer's Fees for registering Wherries, &c.

His Fees in general -

Provost-Marshal's Fees in general

Fees for Services at different Parishes ascertained -

For taking Bail-Bonds-, and for serving Judges or Justices

rants.

For serving Bench Warrants —

War-

For Return of a Levy subject to prior Executions —

Receiver-General's Fees in general -

For recording Dockets of Lands -

For the Money coming into his Hands from the Revenue

Secretary's Fees for Copies -

For Certificates for carrying off Slaves -

For recording Certificates of Resignation of Lands —

For recording Wherry Bonds -

FI is Fees in general -

For transmitting Dockets of Lands to the Receiver-General

For recording Quit-Rent Receipts —

For recording Accounts of the Produce of Estates —

Surveyor's Fees for surveying, 3^. per Acre -

Fees in general —

Ditto -

FELONY.

To serve under foreign States, without Licence, or fight against States in Amity with Great Britain, Felony without Benefit of Clergy — - To steal Boats, Wherries, Shalloops, Canoes, &c.

Maliciously to set Fire to Houses, &c. or Hand Mute on Trial, or challenge above Twenty Jurors -

To steal or deface the Mark of Slaves -

Slaves hunting alone, guilty of Felony

9

38

56

25

37

56

169

56

99

5

56

46

56

105

6

31

148-

8

4

168-

250

232-

3

156-

4

138

252-

161-

6

205-

68-

•i54

-192

-242 r 66

- 151

-258 -164.

-218

-97

r47

56

7°

86

20

26

37

38 56 7° 99

12 7

25

56

95

3

3 6

201

1

16

1

6

4 38

2 1

7

4

9

243

7

- 204

- 27

- 248

Wilfully to kill Slaves, the first Offence with Benefit of Clergy : The t second Offence to suffer according to the Laws of England, except > Forfeiture of Lands, &c. - J

FINES.

'ines. Forfeitures, and Amerciaments, to be paid into the Receiver-General's Office. — Penalty for Neglect of paying the fame — Officers to whom the Returns of Certificates belong, to take Oath -

23

108

38

165

38

183

1

32

1

16

6

37

1

an

37

Though

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Fines.

Houses.

Fife. '

Nets. Patents. T urtle.

Servants. Broad, Seal. Felony.

Boats, &c. Gunpowder.

Tonnage.

Captain of the Fort.

Magazines.

Commissioners of Forts, &c.

Pigeons.

E!e£fions.

11

Though granted towards the Revenue, not to infringe the Prerogative

of his Majesty in remitting Fines -

Clause 12 of Act 99, forbidding Fines, &c. to be paid to any Person

but the Receiver-General, repealed -

The Provost-Marshal, Clerks of the grand Court, Quarter-Sessions, and Common-Pleas, to transmit Accounts of Fines, &c. to the Receiver-General, in Ten Days after Adjournment of the Courts —

FIRE.

How to prevent the spreading of Fire in the Towns -

Burning or setting Fire to Houses, &c. maliciously or unlawfully, Felony — ;-- -

Houses pulled down to prevent the spreading of Fire in the Towns, the Damage to be made good -

O O

Where the Fire broke out, if pulled down to prevent the hire spreading, not to be made good *-- -

FISHERIES.

r

Poisoning Fish, or setting Fish- Pots in common Rivers, &c. prohibited; and Proprietors of Lands bordering on Rivers, allowed to set Fish-

Pots -

The Dimensions and Sizes of Nets, &c. to be used -

Patents and Grants of Fisheries granted, or to be granted, void -

Destroying Turtle Eggs prohibited -

FORGERY.

Servants forging Certificates of Freedom or Discharges, on Conviction to

-be pilloried, and lose their Ears -

Forging, falsifying, or counterfeiting the broad Seal, deemed High

Treason -

All Forgery made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, but not to work Corruption of Blood, &c. -

FORTS and FORTIFICATIONS.

12501, per Annum appropriated for repairing and building Forts and Fortifications -

No Boats, &c. to pass the Fort at Port-Royal, without giving Notice to

the Captain -

Vessels from North the Tropick, to pay the Fort every Time of Arrival, 1 lb. of Gunpowder per Ton, and from South of the Tropick, the fame, once a Year -

Tonnage, under the Quantity of a Barrel of Powder, to be paid to the

Receiver-General in Money, at 18 d. per Pound --

Captain of the Fort to receive the Tonnage in Gunpowder — To keep and give an Account of Powder received and expended, and to take an

Oath -

Keepers of Magazines required to take into Custody and deliver out Gunpowder, and their Fee for each Barrel -

Commissioners of Forts and Fortifications, restrained from laying out n>ore Money than granted from Time to Time by the Assembly —

FOWLING.

Killing of wild Pigeons in the Months of May, June, Mid July, prohibited -

FREEHOLDERS.

None but Freeholders to Vote at Elections of Members of the Assembly, and in the Parishes only where they have their Freeholds -

Act. Clause.

85 28

122 I

99 1 I

14 3

108 1

3

4

58 1

- 2

3° 1, 2

58 3

2 Q

J3 1

134 1, 2

86 l9

17 22

86 7

86 8

86 10

93 7

148 4

58 4, 5

1 2

Wh®

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Freeholders.

Quakers.

Carriages.

Foreign

Freight.

M litia.

Perjury.

Kmgston.

St. Andrew's.

Who deemed Freeholders -

Oath to be taken by Freeholders at Elections, if required -

Not to be sent out in Parties, or kept under Arms, on the Days of

Elections -

No Person, not removed above three Degrees from Negroe Ancestors, allowed to vote; but those removed four Degrees, entitled to all Privileges -

201. Penalty for arresting a Freeholder -

Quakers Affirmation taken instead of an Oath at Elections

FREIGHTS and PASSAGE.

Rates of Hire of Boats, Carriages, &c. to and from any Part of the

Island, fixed —

Penalty on those demanding higher Rates —

Penalty for agreeing to receive or pay for Freight of Sugar, &c. to any foreign Market, at any other Rate than so muchp^r 112 lb. on Delivery -

Not to a fie 61 Bargains made in Great Britain, &c. nor prevent Con-trajfts of lading Vessels for certain Sums agreed on -

FREE NEGROES, &c.

Free Negroes not allowed to keep Horses, Mares, &c. at open Pasture,

unless they have a Settlement, and Ten Negroes --

To have a Certificate of their Freedom, or wear a Badge, if they have

not a Settlement and Ten Negroes -

Liable to Imprisonment as Runaway Slaves, if without a Certificate or Badge. — And guilty of employing, hiding, or fending off Runaways, to forfeit their Freedom, and be transported and fold — Two free Negroes to be allowed in lieu of one White Man, for doing the

Duty of defending the Coasts -

Not to vote at Elections, if not removed four Degrees from Negroe

Ancestors -

Good Evidence in all Causes and Controversies with one another, but not to be admitted against any Negroes, Mulattoes, or Indians, who have the Liberties of White People -

To be tried in the same Manner as if born free; and Clause 33 of Act Act 38, repealed -

To be punished for Perjury in the same Manner as others -

FREE SCHOOLS.

Trustees appointed for Willniore's Free-School in Kingston -

Made an incorporate Body, and impowered -

The Corporation impowered to erect a House, and endow the fame with

proper Revenues -

To appoint Masters and Ushers, and displace them on Misbehaviour To take in a proper Number of Children, and to discharge them on Misbehaviour, or attaining the Age of Eighteen Years —

To lay out a Proportion of the Revenue on Repairs and Improvements,

and to establish Rules and Orders -

To visit and redress Disorders, &c. -

Not allowed to keep or borrow'Money out of the Fund, or take Leases of any of the Lands belonging to the School

A Free-School established in St. Andrew's Parish -

Impowered to lease and aft as a Corporation —

To have a Common Seal - '

To nominate and appoint School-Masters -

To establish Rules and Ordinances -

To visit the School, reform Abuses, and suspend and discharge rthe

Masters _ -

Prohibited from Buying, Renting, or Leafing any Lands, &c. belonging to the-School - — i -

Aa. Clause.

26 12

98 3

- 8

- 10

7

98 4

23

168

1 — 26I

27

1

3

64 12

- 14

S3 4

88 7

98 10

153 i» 2

- 3

5 I

109 1

2, 3, 4 t

r 5

v ' c6,7 1

- 8 •)

- 9

10

11 1

36 1

36 2

- 3

- 4

- 5

- 6

- 7 J If

St. Catherines.

Vert,

Wesimore-

la*d.

Dice.

Billiards.

Fines.

Bonds.

Justices.

Felony.

Assay-

lilafter.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

If they riegledt to chuse Governors to fill up Vacancies, his Excellency the Governor impowered to appoint by Letters Patent -

The Donation of Peter Beckford, Esq-, for the Free-School of St. Jago

de la Vega, veiled in Governors -

Governors appointed and incorporated; to have a Seal'-, to receive in

Trull, and detain Monies, &c. devised -

Five to form a General Court

To expend Money for building the School-House: — To admit and give Preference to the Poor Children of the Parish of St. Catherine To lay out Money on Interest, or purchase Lands for the Benefit of the School : And to appoint Mailers, &c. -

To elect as many Governors as seem convenient -

To constitute Rules and Orders —

Who to be Trullees for the Free-School of the Parish of Vere -, Five to

be a Quorum -

Trullees made an incorporate Body, and their TrUll: And a Corporation Seal appointed -

Trullees not allowed to borrow the Money, or Lease or Purchase the

Lands belonging to the School -

Trullees appointed for Manriing's Free-School in Westmoreland; Five to

be a Quorum, and the Cultos to be one of the Quorum-----

Incorporated and Impowered; a Corporation Seal appointed to be kept

by the Cullos -

To appoint Mailers and Ulhers, and to provide Lodging for the

Scholars -

Mailers and Ulhers, what Qualifications they should have to fit them

for the Employ 1 -

To judge of the Number of Scholars sufficient; to remove and discharge any, and to fill up Vacancies — 1---

The Majority to constitute Rules and Orders, and correct Abuses — Not to borrow the Money, nor Lease or Purchase any Lands, &c. belonging to the said School -

GAMING.

Penalty on those who by false Dice, ;or other Deceit, win Money. — No Sum above Forty Shillings won "at Gaming, to be recovered by Law ' For keeping Gaming Houses or Billiard Tables: And on Persons gaming

Judgments for Fines imposed by this Act, not to be removed by Certiorari, or set aside for want of Form

Private Houses'where Meetings are held for Gaming, deemed Gaming

Houses, and liable to the Penalties —

Persons worth iooi. fer annum allowed to have 3illiard Tables Act 136, against Gaming, continued, and made perpetual Bonds, Contracts, and Securities given at Gaming, void

Justices impowered to enter into private Houses, where Meetings are held for Gaining, and to imprison and bind under Recognizance Persons

offending -

Impowered upon Information made on Oath, of Billiard Tables, &c. being erected at any Retailer's House, to issue Warrants for seizing

and carrying them aW&y -

Retailers convicted of keeping Gaming Houses, to be incapable of having a Licence for the future -

GOLD and SILVER.

A Standard appointed for Gold and Silver Wares -

Plate, &c. with the Standard Mark of Great Britain or Ireland, allowed

to be sold' -

To mark Gold or Silker with the Alligator's Head, (except an Assay-

Master) or counterfeit the Marks of sterling Plate, Felony --

Allay-Mailer to allay and mark Wares aflfayed -

His Fees for allaying' r----- — r-

The Gold and Silver made use of for Allays, to be returned to the Owners. — How Disputes concerning Assays made are to be decided

e e

a. Clause.

36 8

138 1

- 2

- 3

- 5

- 6

- 7

- .8

128 1

- 2' 3

- 8

118 1, 2

1 3-> 4

- 6

- 7

- 8

- 9

10

5 5

136 1, 2

• — 2

- 4

- 7

J4 5 1

5 5

136 5' 6

145 2

145 a

16 5

150 11

- 12

150 2

- 3> 4

5

• On

H

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Re-Assays.

Bullion.

Goltlsmiths*

Aliens*

Assay-

Masters.

Lands:

Lands escheatable.

Militia.

Portland.

Port Antonio.

Settlers.

Orphans.

On Certificates of Wares proving Standard upon Re-AfiTays, the Afiay Mailer obliged to mark the fame without Fee, and to pay the Charge of Re-AfiTaying

Re-A flays to be sworn to If upon Re-Allays the Wares prove worfethan Standard, the Party requir making a fraudulent Allay Afifay-Master's Oath

20l. Penalty for felling or exchanging Gold, Silver Wares, &c. unti assayed

Afiay-MasterS to keep their AJfay-House only where appointed, and to give Attendance on Tuesdays and Fridays. — To keep an Account o Allays made, free for Inspection : — On being superseded, to destroy

or deliver tip their Aflfay Tools -

To Assay Bullion brought to them, and to mark it , This Act not in Force but when an Afiay-Master is appointed, and in actual Exercise of his Office Act 150, for Assaying Gold and Silver, &c. continued in Force for four Years

Every diflindt Piece soldered together, except where the Smallness wil not admit, to receive a separate Allay and Mark Penalty on Goldsmiths, for felling or exchanging Gold or Silver Wares

tinder the Standard -

For felling or exposing to Sale Gold and Silver Wares, until they have en tered their Names, Place of Abode, and Mark, with the Afiay Maftef -

GOVERNOR.

Governor to require an Oath of Mailers of Foreign Vessels, and give Orders to the Naval Officer to supply them with Necessaries —

To appoint and supersede Afifay-Masters -

Governor's Fees for regranting Lands of Absentees forfeited for Non-

Payment of Quit-Rents -

Governor impowered to regrant Lands resigned

How to proportion the Grants of forfeited Lands in St. Thomas in the

East and St. George's Parishes • -

The Terms whereon, and the Quantity of Land to be granted to each

Patentee -

How to dispose of escheatable Lands in the Parishes of St. Thomas in

the East and St. George's

To grant Lots of Land for a Town to be built at Pattinson's Point To grant Lands to Settlers, in Proportion to the Number of their Negroes, &c. -

Not to grant a Licence to New-Comers to fell their Lands, until the

Purchasers comply with the Terms of this Act -

To order the Distribution of the 100 Acres of Barrack Land, for Provisions, into Shares for the Soldiers -

Impowered to make new Grants of the 100 Acres of Barrack Land,

at or near Manchioneal Harbour -

To commission Volunteers to pursue rebellious and runaway Negroes

T0 issue Commissions for Militia Courts Martial -

To appoint new Commissioners for settling Portland when Vacancies

happen -

To appoint a Person at Port Antonio in his Behalf, to receive the Reports of Mailers of Ships, &c. according to Act of Parliament — To appoint Commissioners for New-Comers, when Vacancies happen

GUARDIANS.-

Guardians impowered to lease out Orphans Estates during Minority, &c. Provided the Power given by Parents to Guardians is not contradicted, nor Liberty given to ,lease out the Ellate of any Heiress longer than

till she is fourteen Years of Age -

Penalty for not paying Quit-Rents of their Wards Lands -

AG < t. Clause.

15C > 6

6

7

8

9

10

- 15

166 1

2

16 6

150 2

84 2

150 1-9

99 4

37 4

68 2 J

- 3

- 9 I

- 14

85 2

117 3 {

- 4

l97 1

66 1

177 5

87 8

i55 r j

[49 5

10 16

- 17 1

47 14

Obliged

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Trustees.

Packet-

Boats.

Slaves.

Licence.

Squibs.

Roads.

St. Andrew's, &c.

St. Ann's.

May-day

Hill.

Ferry.

Toll.

Turnpike.

*s

Obliged to take sufficient Securities for Estates under their Care leased and to record the Leases with Schedules in Three Months -

Enft and St. George, for their Benefit Trustees, Executors, Administrators, &c.

tary's Office, an Account upon Oath, of the Rents, Profits, Produce &c. of the several Estates in their Trust and Care -

GUNPOWDER.

X

white Man in a Family

Packet-Boats exempted from paying this Duty of Gunpowder

None to fell less than 50 lb. without a Licence.--Pistol Powder not to

be sold for more than 3 Ryals per lb.

Licensed Persons to keep all their Powder (but two Barrels) in the Magazines - • -

None to fell under 12 lb. without a Licence, taking an Oath, and giving

Security -

Price of Gunpowder to be fixed by the Justices and Vestry of each Town 50 I. Penaly for felling Gunpowder or Arms to Slaves -

No Person to fell Gunpowder without a Licence from the Governor, and

Certificate from the Justices and Vestry, &c. -

Penalty for throwing Squibs in the three Towns -

Punishment of Negroes throwing Squibs : And for Owners encouraging them so to do -

HIGHWAYS.

The Dimensions of Roads described

New Roads, how to be laid out, or old Roads turned --

3enalty for not fending, according to Allotments, to work on Roads,

and Penalties and Forfeitures -

f Roads are inconvenient, any Person may get a Jury summoned for turning them. — Penalty for obstructing Juries from laying out or turning Roads. — All new Roads to be recorded by the Quarter-Sessions of the Peace —

A Road to be cut near the Rebel Negroes' great Settlement — Toad from St. Andrew's to the Parish of St. Thomas in the Raft, to be

made and maintained -

A Wain Road to be made from St. Ann's Parish to St. Thomas in the Vale,

by the Vestry of St. Ann's —

A Road to be made over May-day Hill to St. Jago Savannah, and a

Turnpike erefled by Commissioners appointed

The Commissioners for laying out and making the Road discontinued, and others appointed and impowered

The Road through St. Catherine and St. Andrew to IGngfton, to be repaired and kept in Repair by William Peete, and a Toll granted to him. — Rates of the Toll. — Passengers, &c. passing and repassing the same Day, to pay but one Toll. — A Turnpike to be erefled, and white Men kept there and at the, Ferry

'he Keeper of the Turnpike to examine Slaves passing, and if without Letter or Ticket, to fend them to their Owners, if known; if not, to Goal

Seven or more Trustees impowered to appoint Collectors and Surveyors,

&c. — The Property of the Turnpike vested in them --

Penalty for permitting any to pass through Lands near the Turnpike,

to evade Payment of the Toll

Surveyors may take away and use Materials for the Road out of any adjacent Land, allowing for Damages, and may remove Annoyances, &c. And make causeways and Drains through any Land'contiguous to the

Road -

This Act when to take Place, and deemed publick -

The Money arising by this Act how to be applied -

A&.. Clause.

59 4

68 7

127 1

48 i

5i 3

93 4 — 8

- 6

142 1

- 5

' 2j 3

93 1 — 4

103 1

- 2 — 4

3 3

"r 5

- vr 1 VO

90 1

102 3

49 1 — 3

140 I

G 2, 3

171 G 2

IIO 1

110 5

158 1

158 2

158 5> 6

158 7 10 — 16

- u 14

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACT S.

] 6

Cl ar end niy See.

Guanaboa

Road.

Angel Road.

Rio Cobre. Justices.

St. Mary's, Sec.

Plantain

Garden

River.

Savanna !a Mar.

Westmcre-

land.

Lands.

A Road from Clarendon to St. Elizabeth's and Westmor eland Parishes, to

be laid out, &c. -

The Road from St. Jago de la Vega to the Foot of the Red Hills leading to Guanaboa, to be kept in Repair by the Parish of St. John The Road from St. Jago de la Vega to the Angels, leading to Sixteen Mile Walk, to be kept in Repair at the Charge of the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale -

A Road from Maddox's Penn, near Old Woman Savannah, to Louidas, to be opened, and made a.good Road by the Parish of Clarendon — Penalty on Persons not fending their Negroes, according to Allotment,

for mending the Highways -

For being the wilful Occasion of flopping, or increasing the Stoppage

of the River Rio Ccbre -

Justices impowered to summon Juries to open Roads to known Watering-

Places and Springs

Justices and Way-Wardens impowered to lay>a Tax on the Precincts for

: repairing Roads, on extraordinary Occasions -

A Road through St. Mary's, St. Andrew's, and St. George's Parishes deferred and made publick ---- --= —

The Road from Plantain Garden River to the River Grande, to be kept open and repaired at the Expence of the Parishes of St. Thomas in

the East and St. George's •----

A direct Road from Savanna la Mar to Hanover, to be cut and maintained by the Justices and Vestry of each Parish, and a Bridge built over

‘ o Cabaritta River -

Aj Road to be laid out from the Cave in Westmoreland Parish, over the

Mountain, to the North-East Part of the fame -

A Road to be cut from the Cave in Westmoreland Parish over the Mountain to the west End of the Parish of St. James

HUNTING.

Who qualified to hunt, and Penalty on Persons, not qualified, for Hunting —

Penalty on Planters for keeping FIunting-Dogs, not belonging to them, as

their own -

For Hunting-Dogs killing tame Cattle and Stock -

For not discovering the Damage done to tame Cattle and Stock by

hunting Dogs -

For hunting within four Miles of any Crawl or Settlement not their own, without Leave, and for letting Snares -

JEWS.

Jews required and allotted to supply Deficiencies out of their own

People -

Not allowed to be employed in any of the publick Offices ——

INF ANTS, Women under Cover, &c.

Infants, Women under Cover, &c. not to forfeit Lands for Non-Payment of Quit-Rents, if they settle and plant within one Year after

becoming of Age, foie, or compos mentis -

Having Lands in St. Thomas in the East and St. George's Parishes, may

settle by their Guardians — «-----

Lands in St. Phomas in the East and St. George's Parishes, patented, not to be conveyed to Infants otherwise than by Will -

JUDGMENTS.

Judgments made or given before-the Year 168 r, confirmed --

Judgments, Bonds, &c. not legally demanded, nor any Payments made twenty Years before, and in five Years after 1711, to be void — Judgments of Forfeitures in criminal Gaming, not to be removed by Certiorari, nor set aside for want of Form - ;---

7

Act. Clause.

50 I — 6

176 I

- 4

- 8

9° 4

77 3

27 1

26 9

34 1

68 16

100 2>3

74 1 — 8

80 1

9 12

- *3

‘ 14

- 15

- 16

46 13

56 273

68 4

68 7

- S

6 3

57 7

136 2 jus-

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

17

Taxes.

Falls.

Free Negroes. Freightage.

Gold, &c. Law-Suits.

Matters, See. of Slaves.

Highways.

Servants.

Slaves.

Act. Clause.

JUSTICES of the Peace.

Where Authority is vested in the Justices and Vellries jointly, Justices

to execute the fame where no Vellries are -

Penalty on Justices for neglecting to issue Warrants yearly, for summon-

ing Freeholders to chuse Churchwardens and Vestrymen -

Justices impowered to lay Taxes for the Maintenance of Ministers and Poor, in default of the Freeholders not meeting and chuling Vestry-

men as warned -

Penalty on Justices for neglecting to do their Duty of apprehending, trying, and punishing Slaves accused and convicted of Felony — For not fending a List of Deficiencies in each Parish to the Receiver-

General -

For neglecting their Duty concerning die Detention of Negroes without due Course of Law. - For not executing the Law Upon Complaint of Negroes hiring themselves out, &c.

Penalty on Justices for refusing to swear in Way-Wardens -

For not issuing Warrants against those deficient in fending Negroes and

Tools on the Roads -

Liable to be sued for Damages, for not allotting a reasonable Proportion of Hands to repair the Roads —

For not appearing when duly summoned, (except when two meet, then the Penalty not to be incurred) -

The Custodes of PrecinCls. or in their Default the Justices, to lign Warrants of Election, sent to them by the Provost-Marshal, and deliver

them to the Constables -

To order Forfeitures of Horses under Size found feeding in Commons, &c. contrary to this Act. If 5l. offered by the Owner, the Horse

to be restored to him -

To award Fines, for keeping Taverns, &c. open on the 7th of June — May licence free Negroes to keep Stock during their good Behaviour —

To levy Fines for agreeing for Freight of Sugars, &c. to a foreign

Market illegally -

How to ascertain the Quantity contained in each Calk, where there is

no certain Proof -

To attend Re-Assays on Disputes concerning Assays of Gold, &c. and to give Certificates of such Re-Assays -

To determine Suits not exceeding forty Shillings, and directed how to

aft therein -

To keep a Record of the Proceedings in such Suits -

To order Mailers, &c. of Slaves before them, upon Complaint of their

not giving their Slaves legal Cloathing -

T0 give in charge upon Oath to the Constables, to report what Owners

of Slaves do not supply their Slaves with proper Cloathing -

To appoint a sworn Measurr in each of the three Towns -

Their Duty in laying out new, and turning old Roads. — Penalty for

Neglect of Duty -

To summon Juries to open Roads to known Watering-Places and

Springs -

1 To lay a Tax (together with Way-Wardens) on the Precincts to which they belong, for repairing the Highways on extraordinary Occasions To appoint Way-Wardens, in case the Vellries should neglect — Two Justices to determine Disputes between Mailers and Servants concerning Freedom -

Two Justices impowered to hear Complaints of the Misbehaviour of Servants under Contraft, and to punish them at Discretion, without Appeal •, not extending to Life or Limb -

Two Justices and three Freeholders to punish Slaves for striking white

To transport Slaves run away for Twelve Months -

To issue Warrants for apprehending Slaves returned from Transporta-tion, or Slaves not duly transported by their Owners, and to order them to be executed -

162 8

*5 1

38 1 25

46 9

67 3 — 5

90 2

- 5

- 6

162 6-7

98 1

*75 2

3* 3

64 13

168 1

- 2

*50 5

6 1

- 2

38 4

- 5

73 1

3 / 5"8

27 1

26 9

162 4

2 11

111 VJ OO

38 2

*9

__ 20

f f

To

i8

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Justices of the Peace.

Mariners.

Wild Negroes.

Stolen

Goods.

Vagabonds.

Warrants.

Servants.

Kingston.

Barracks.

Courts.

Act. Clause.

found guilty, (except .Women with Child) o adjudge the Criminal to the Person injur Owner refuse to pay the Recompence sentenced

One Justice to hear and determine petty Crimes committed by Slaves

capital Offences

To appoint the Number of Holidays for Slaves at the three Feftivals wo Justices and three Freeholders, to punish at Discretion Slaves a

tempting to, or having nun away to the French or Spaniards --

ny two Justices to order Restitution of Slaves detained without di

Course of Law, and to order Payment of the Penalty -

To order Huts, &c. built by Slaves in any Town, Savannah, &c.

Com] faint made, to be pulled down -

hree Justices impowered to hear and determine Accusations for inveiglir Slaves, and to order Payment of the iooI. Penalty, laid by a form Ad -

without Permission, until the Penalty is laid To pay the Wild Negroes for taking up Runaways, &c. Clauses are cbfolete, vide Act 133, Cl. i.]

up, &c. o punish one c at Discretion

felling any Goods not belonging to their Owners, &c. —

Search for stolen or loft Goods

nished

Warrants against Persons on board Ships, &c. how to be served

Boats, &c.

the accused on Oath

Servants, though in Time of Martial Law o grant Warrants of Distress against Marsh; Money for runaway Slaves taken up

men

KINGSTON.

Assembly

United with St. Andrew into one Precindb

diers to do Duty in Kingston . Sum granted towards that P be paid by the Parish ourt of Common Pleas and o and how often —

each Parish

0 of 0 . / e 38 23

e 23

- 38 >r 24

31

- 46

66 4

e 67 2

n 7.

S y 83 3

1- 5, I I I 4

) 120 2

5 126 3

n l33 1

I4I 4

>r 38 e 36

15

29 2

f 23 37

46 5

y e 60 11

f 46 9

e 38 9

s 162 2

a a 32 I*1 ' I

• 4i 164 1 1

) 2

32 3

T Al 2

Courts

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Courts of Quarter-Sessions and Common-Pleas established

Vestry.

Fire.

Highways.

Harbour.

Justices.

Offices, &c. Slaves.

Watch.

Wells and Pumps.

Debts.

Quit-Rents.

Deeds.

Port-Royal.

Manchioncal.

Settlers.

Portland.

Purchasers. Quiet Possession.

Quit-Rents. St. Thomas in the East.

Re-Surveys. Surveys.

Vestry unpowered to lay a Tax, and raise 1000l. for erecting a Court-

House and Exchange —

Penalty on Coopers for making Fires in their Yards, unless in a Square built with Brick

Penalty on Way-War dens for Neglect of Duty in repairing the Streets — Justices and Vestry of the Parish of Kingston impowered to lay a Tax on Houses rented, or not rented, for repairing the Streets and

Avenues -

No Ballast to be thrown into the Harbour -

The Parish of Kingston may buoy or stake out the Harbour --

Penalty for pulling up buoys so fixed -

The Justices impowered to appoint Way-Wardens for cleaning the Streets

Impowered to give Leave to fink Wrecks in convenient Places --

To have Deputies of the Secretary, &c. residing there -

Justices to grant Warrants to pull down Huts and Hovels built in the

Front of the Town towards the Sea.--- Penalty for creating such

Huts, &c. -

A Nightly Watch to be kept and regulated by the Justices and Vestry, who are impowered to lay a Tax for defraying the Expence of a

Watch -

Constables of the Watch allowed 5s. each Night. — Penalty on Confta-.

\ bles for Refusal or Neglect —

Justices and Vestry impowered to raise 200 /. for making Wells, and filing Pumps in convenient Places -

LANDS.

Lands not settled, how forfeited; and re-granted, may be resigned, after

paying Arrears of Quit-Rents, and how -

How to be surrendered.--- And on surrender, how regranted -

A certain Track of Land in St. Thomas in the East and St. George, discharged of Arrearages of Quit-Rents -

Not settled as required, though Quit-Rents paid, to be be vested in the Crown, and Show to be re-granted

? < i- 0 l

Lands to be sold for Payment of Debts, upon Nulla Bona being returned

to Executions -

Lands of Absentees, for which Quit-Rents shall not be paid in eighteen

Months, to be forfeited to the Crown, and regranted -

Deeds, Bills of Sale, of Lands, &c. made off the Eland, and acknowledged before the Lord-Mayor of London, &c. valid -

Lands on Port-Royal purchased and vested in his Majesty, for rendering

more commodious the Careening-Wharf and Yard -

15,000 Acres near Norman's Valley, and 15,000 Acres near Manchicneal

Harbour vested in the Crown for New Comers -

Owners of Lands in St. Thomas in the East and St. George, obliged to

plant, &c. or forfeited -

New Settlers not allowed to make over to Infants otherwise, than by

Will -

The Remainder of 30,000 Acres at the North-East Part of the Eland,

vested in his Majesty for New Settlers -

Penalty on Purchasers not giving in an Account of Lands purchased — Lands belonging to the Crown, if settled upon, the Settler to have the

Preference of a Grant, and to have quiet Possession -

Penalty on Guardians not paying Quit-Rents of their Wards' Estates — Lands situate in the Parishes of St. Thomas in the East, and St. George,

how forfeited for Non-Payment of Quit-Rents- -

Lands within the Track contained in the Platt, other than the 30,000

Acres not paying Quit-Rents, vested in the Crown -

A Re-Survey of Lands heretofore granted in St. Thomas in the East, and ' St. George's Parish, to be made, and Boundaries fixed, and returned

and recorded in the Secretary's Office -

Surveys to be made of the 30,000 Acres, and the Return to be recorded

in the Secretary's Office - *• -

(Surveys of said Lands returned in the Secretary's Office to be conclusive in ascertaining Boundaries *----- —

I

Act. Clause.

51 I

69 I

97 4

54 2

146 7

54 13

- 16

L l7 I

- 13

32 4

97 6

97 1

~ 2

- 3

5

37 2

47 11 — 12

68 12

75 16

184 7, 8

47 10

- 16

130 1

107 1

68 5

- 8

75 . 1

47 15 '

95 10

47 14

68 1

75 15

68 14

75 11 '

107 7

Fifty

20

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Titchfield.

Secretary,

Copart-

nercy.

English Statutes.

Slaves.

Freeholders*

Judgments.

Actions.

Processes.

Stolen Goods. Taxed Bills.

Penal Bonds.

Prosecutions. Quiet Possession.

Sugar.

Fifty Acres of Land reserved for a Town, and how to be granted — Seventy Acres at Pattinson's Point reserved for a Town, and how to be granted *, and to be built upon in Six Months, or the Grant void Two hundred and fifty Acres near the Town allotted for a Common —

Act.

68

75

Clause.

8, 9

io‘

LAW, and LAW-SUITS.

The original Laws to be kept in the Secretary's Office in the Town of St.

Jago de la Vega -

Laws of Jamaica to be entered and recorded in the Secretary's Office,

and fairly copied -

Laws of Copartnercy, Jbint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common, how

to be obtained, &c. -

Laws inconsistent with the Words and Meaning of this Act, for settling

a Revenue, repealed -

Laws expired on the ift of October 1724, not repealed or altered by

this or any other Act, made perpetual •* -

The Statutes of England, at any Time before used, introduced, esteemed, accepted, or received as the Laws of this Island, declared to be, afic

continue, the Laws of Jamaica for ever -

Part of Act 64, concerning the Payment for Slaves convicted, repealed — Clause 1, of Act 124, directing how the Value of Slaves convictec capitally, shall be paid to the Owners prosecuting, repealed; and the

rest, not here repealed, confirmed -

The Laws recited in the Act for encouraging Colonel Cudjoe, &c. made

anno 1741, and not herein altered, confirmed -

Clause 26 of Act 38, explained, impowering Justices to inflict Punishment on one or more Negroes at Discretion -

Clause 1 of Act 15, appointing the Meeting of Freeholders for chusing

Vestry-Men, Church-Wardens, &c. repealed -

Penalties on Justices and Vestries for not appearing, inflicted by former

Laws, made void -

No Writs for Civil Causes to be executed against any Freeholder on the

Day of Election, nor forty-eight Hours after -

Judgments to go by Default in the inferior Courts for Non-Appearance Provided Proof of the Party's being legally summoned fourteen Days before Court, be given by the Provost-Marftial or his Deputy — No Action of Waste to lie in any Court. — No Actions for Debt under 20l. to be brought into the Supreme Court, except for the Precinct

of St. Catherine, &c. -

The Manner of serving Processes -

Goods embezzled, stolen, or purloined out of Wherries and Carriages

for Hire, how to be recovered -

Penalty on Lawyers receiving' Payment before their Bills are taxed by the

Clerk of the Court where the Actions are sued -

Bonds given by Persons going off the Island how fuable -

Surveyors Bonds, how to be sued —

Horse-Catchers Bond, how fuable -

All Bonds, &c. dated in 1752, before the 25th of March, exprefifed or implied to carry lawful Interest, to be at 8 per Cent.

Prosecutions for taking illegal Fees to be within two Years -

Quiet Possession for Seven Years, a good Title in Barr -

Possession of Estates for Five Years, a good Title in Bar — Possession of Estates for Seven Years without Suits, &c. good against all Claims -

Proviso in Favour of Infants, Non Sans, and Absentees -

Seven Years quiet Possession after the ift of May 1732, to be good

against any Claim whatsoever.--Infants, &c. excepted, provided

they lay Claim within three Years after their being in a Capacity. — This Act for Quiet Possession, not to give Title to any seised of

Land in Trust, under Mortgage, Lease, &c. -

Act 127, for preventing Frauds and Breaches of Trust in Attornies,

Agents, Guardians, &c. revived -

The Clauses for making Sugar, &c. ^•Tender of Payment on Venditioni Exponas, repealed; and Money only a Tender of Payment, except by Agreement. — This Clause to have no Retrospect — '

20 1

56

37

71 1, 2

86 29

30

- 3r

124 1

163 1

l33 4

141 1

162 1

• — 6

162 5

19 9

- 10

19 7, 8

- l3

60 11

56 274.275

21 4

25 10

26 4

*93 2

56 276

13 1,2

39 1 4

57 1

2

95 1, 2

184 *4

__ 17, 18

Plates

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

21

Re-Surveys.

Writs.

Pirates.

Trespasses.

Process.

Mortgages.

Greenwich

Hospital.

Sailors.

Platts of Re-Surveys, signed and attested, and duly recorded, binding

and conclusive -

Two Clauses, 12 and 13 of Act 105, concerning Writs of Execution, further explained. — Writs of Execution and Venditioni Exponas, to be marked by the Plaintiff, his Assignees, or Attorney upon Record, in the Secretary's Office, or by the Attorney at Law, by virtue of a

written Power —

Pirates, how to be tried. — Former Trials confirmed

Ad. Clause.

Trespasses made through Mistake upon uncultivated Land, by Settlers, to pay the Proprietors at a Valuation by a Jury not exceeding forty Shillings per Acre, and to have a Title made to them of the Lands Act 189, for the further regulating the Service and Execution of Process,

&c. continued for Seven Years -

Penalty on Mortgagees for refusing to enter Satisfaction upon the Margin of the Record of Mortgages paid off -

LICENCES.

Licences for felling strong Liquors and keeping Houses of Entertainment,

how to be granted

For felling Rum or Rum Punch, how to be granted Not necessary for Planters, who fell their own Rum Persons obtaining Grand Licences to pay 5 /. each per Annum

MARINERS.

Matters of Boats, Shallops, &c. trading from Place to Place in this Island, to leave an Account of their Lading at the Naval Office — Penalty on Commanders of Ships enticing Seamen from other Ships — Matters of Vessels to give 10001. Security in the Secretary's Office, not

to carry any Person off' this Island without a Ticket -

Matters of Coasting and Fishing Vessels to give Security but once a Year 5 and Matters of Vessels belonging to the Inhabitants to give'Security every Six Months > -

Penalty for carrying off Slaves without Tickets —

Penalty for fluttering Guns to be fired after Sunset -

Matters of Ships importing thirty Men Servants, exempt from Port-Charges -

Matters of Vessels importing Madeira Wine, to take an Oath -

On Refusal, to pay the same Duty as Wine from the Azores - — Matters of Vessels, within forty-eight Hours after Arrival, to give in a Manifest of their Cargo to the Receiver-General, and to take an

Oath -

Penalty on Matters of Vessels carrying off, entertaining, or hiding any

Soldiers or indented Servants, and how recoverable -

Penalty on ditto, for entertaining, or working Slaves on board their Vessels, without Certificate from the Custos, or Owners --

Oath to be taken by Matters of Vessels on Arrival -

Matters of Vessels obliged to employ the first Pilot offering, or pay the

Fee —

Matters of Vessels entering Port Antonio, to give Security in the Deputy-Secretary's Office there, and to pay the Gunpowder there — Penalty on Matters of Vessels trading to the Northern Colonies, for inferring a greater or letter Quantity of Sugar, &c. in their Manifest,

than actually on board -

To give Bond in the Secretary's Office not to put on Shore sick or dif-

abled Seamen, to become a Charge to the Parishes -

Land to be purchased and vetted in his Majesty for erecting an Hospital for the Use of the Navy

The Title to the Land how ascertained. — Proprietors, how paid Penalty on Persons entertaining Sailors after the Bell rings for

o'Clock Night Watch — 1-- -

Seamen deferring their Ships, fyow to be punished - r

g g

Eight

95 5

182 1

8 3> 4

95 9

196 1

10 6

5 1

- 2

- 6

86 l7

23 3o

36

21 t

21 2

26 6

l7 25

4 6 ‘ 14

86 5

- 6

- 11

hi 1

- 4

•* — 5

;i 12 6

: 155 4 — 6

190 4

192 2>3

129 1

2> 3

14 11

23 38 MAR-

22

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Madeira

Wine.

Meat.

Veal and Mutton.

Lamb.

Butchers.

Weights.

Clerks of the Markets.

Stilliards.

Flour.

Arrests.

Murder.

Hunters.

Invasions.

Goal-Fees.

Indians.

Act. Clause.

MARKETS.

The Prices of Meat fixed.-Turtle Nets not to be destroyed

Rates of Madeira Wine and Brandy fixed

adjudged

Beef.--- Lamb

The Sorts of Meat distinguished, and Rates settled. — To be weighed without Head, Intrails, or Feet Veal weighing above 20 lb. a Quarter to be

above 8 lb. a Quarter, adjudged Mutton -

Lamb to be brought to Market with the Head, and shewn to the Clerk of the Market -

No Butcher, or Cutter of Turtle, to fell but in open Markets, nor to refuse felling any Pieces not of less Value than y d\. -

What to be deemed open Market, and the Times when to be opened —

Where Standard Weights are to be kept, and by whom -

Fee for adjusting Weights to the Standard — 1 -

Penalty on Persons who fell Goods by Weight, for refilling to have their

Weights proved -

Clerks of the Markets at St. Jago de la Vega, Kingston, and Port Royal, to prove the Weights of Factors every two Months, and the Weights on Wharfs twice a Year -

1

Penalty on uling Stilliards in Markets, See. —

Flour to be sold by Weight, and a Penalty on the Buyer and Seller, who purchase or dispose of it in any other Manner -

MARTIAL LAW.

Martial Law, when to be proclaimed, and the Power of the Commander in Chief at such Times.-To cease when the Colours are lodged,

and the Men discharged

None to be arrested for the Space of one Month after their Discharge from

Martial Law -

Justices and Freeholders to do their Duty, in the several Clauses of this Act required, as in Time of Common Law -

MASTERS and Owners of Slaves.

Mailers and Owners of Slaves to keep a white Servant for the first five working Slaves; for the first ten, two; and for every ten after, one — To inform the Constables of the Number of their Slaves -

Penalty on their hiring free Persons, without a Certificate from their last

Employer -

On refusing to pay a Recompence adjudged against Slaves tried, the Criminals may be adjudged to the Parties injured, their Heirs, Sec. —

To instruct their Slaves in the Principles of Christianity --

To give in an Account upon Oath of their Number of Slaves, Cattle,

and Servants -

Owners prosecuting their Slaves, if executed, to be allowed their Value,

not exceeding 40l. — Repealed by Act 124 -

Owners, in Cases of Murder, to be paid for the Slaves killed -

Owners of Hunters, (excepting those in Westmoreland) on their taking and killing rebellious or runaway Slaves, entitled to Rewards, and how

to reward such Hunters -

Persons not having a Number of white Men proportionable to their Negroes, not entitled to the Allowance of 3"4ths of Damages sustained

by Invasions -

Penalty on Owners encouraging their Slaves to throw Squibs --

Owners to pay 1 s. 3 d. for advertising, and 6 d. per Diem for maintaining

each Negroe in Goal -

Mailers to give an Account of Indians belonging to them, to be register'd

in the Parish Books, and those not to be given in to be free -

Impowered to sell and dispose of Indian Slaves in their present Possession or Right -

4

7

35

17

38

38

46

64

64

66

82

103

105

132

1, 2

35

56

35

169

169

169

56

180

3

4 242

5

1, 2

4

240

16, 17 18 39

23

45

1, 2 i» 2

4

4

*5

2

8

No

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Slaves.

Mortgage.

Servants.

Trade.

Bills of Exchange.

Accoutre-

ments.

Ammuni-

tion.

Owners not to be allowed for Slaves capitally convicted for running away Penalty for Plantation Negroes to go out of their Plantations without a

Ticket -

Owners of Slaves to be presented for not cloathing their Negroes according to Law, and the Penalty - — 1 —

Penalty on Owners for not having one Acre of Ground planted in Provi-

visions for every five Slaves -

Masters to learch every fourteen Days the Houses of their Negroes for

concealed Weapons -

Penalty for refusing or delaying Search to be made in Negroe Houses

for stolen or loft Goods -

Penalty for endeavouring to prevent the Correction of Slaves harbouring

other Slaves •.

Penalty for not transporting Negroes so sentenced -

Penalty for permitting Slaves to hire out themselves, or travel about the

Country, 10l. -

Penalty for suffering Drumming or Meeting of Slaves, and if incapacitated to suppress them, to give Notice to the next Commissioned Officer — Penalty for suffering Resort of strange Negroes at Plantations or Settlements, and for allowing Drumming, &c. -

Penalty for refusing to comply with the Order of the Chief Justice concerning and for detaining of Slaves, &c. -

Penalty on fending off the Island Slaves under Mortgage -

Penalty for suffering Slaves to hire themselves out, or build Huts, letting

Huts or Houses to hire to them -

Penalty for turning away sick or infirm Servants, under Pretence of giving

them their Freedom -

For not allowing their Servants proper Subsistance -

For not providing them with proper Cloathing -

For burying the Corps of deceased Servants before viewed by a

Justice -

Masters to keep a Number of white Servants in Proportion to the Number of their Slaves and Cattle — — •-----

Penalty for not giving in upon Oath an Account of Servants purchased -

Act.

J59

3&

198

38

64

67

46

46

M E R C FI A N T S.

Merchants in Great-Britam intitled to the Benefit of this Act, for raising

the Credit of the Island -

Penalty for treating with Masters of Ships for Goods or Freight, before

they wait on the Governor -

Penalty for felling white Servants within Six Days of Arrival -

Persons felling bottled Liquor under Measure, to forfeit the same to the

Poor of the Parifla -

Penalty on felling Goods by Invoice, which ought to be sold by Weight — Merchants importing Wines, &c. liable to Duties, to pay or give Bonds

within Ten Days -

To be allowed 10 per Cent, on paying half in Six Weeks, and the

other half in Twelve -

If not paid in Three Months, the 10 perCent. not to be allowed — A Re-Exchange of 8 I. per Cent, (over and above the usual Exchange and Interest) allowed upon Bills of Exchange, on Non-Acceptance,

or Non-Payment -

Protested Bills to carry Interest from the first Day of Court, in which Judgment shall be obtained, till Payment is actually made -

184

23

46

73

73

86

119

172

MILITIA.

Penalty on Persons from Fifteen to Sixty Years of Age not enlisting in

the Foot — 17

Penalty for not appearing on Duty, and with proper Accoutrements — t —

Penalty on the Foot for not having at their Place of Abode a proper

Quantity of Ammunition —

Clause.

2

I

3 6

13

14

*7

19

1

34 8

2 '

4

6

12

H

15

16

2>3

11

20

40

7

3

4

2

2

2

2

I

I

2,3

4

No

H

Commanders of Parties.

Courts-

Martial.

Deficiency.

Fines,

Free Negroes. Governor.

Law Suits.

Muster-

Rolls.

Slaves.

Officers.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

No Person having had a Commission, to be obliged to enlist as a private Man, unless degraded Penalty for leaving the Company where enlisted without a Discharge, and on Officers for refusing a Discharge, when required by those who change their Place of Abode Militia, while under Arms, to be subject to the Articles of War, provided the Punishment does not extend to Life or Limb Penalty for disobeying Officers

Penalty on firing a Gun after Eight at Night -

Who to enlist, when and what Age, and the Penalty for not enlisting, and

who exempted -

A Marshal to be appointed to each Regiment, and his Duty -

No Person to move from Horse to Foot without Leave, &c. — Every] Foot Soldier or Trooper to serve in the Company or Troop where

he resides -

No Power granted by this Act to fend any Person off this Island againstl

his Will -

Beats or Divisions to be fixed -

Commander of Parties to keep Journals, and make Reports to the Gover- j nor -

Courts-Martial, of what Number to consist, and their Power -

To be held by Commission from the Governor

To consist at least of Seven Officers

The Oath to be taken. — Sentence to be given as the Majority of the

Court determine -

Trials, when to be held, and Fourteen Days Notice to be given. — Non-

Appearance, on Notice given, how punishable -

Repeated Negleds of Duty, how to be punished -

No Sentence to be given or adjudged infliding Corporal Punishment,

or extending to Life or Limb -

Imprisonment, not exceeding Fourteen Days, allowed, in case of ob-

ftinately refusing to pay Fines -

President of the Court required to sign all Warrants of Fines by him

laid -

Every white Man sent out on Party-Duty, to pass for a Deficiency Fines to be levied by Warrant of the Commanding Officer, and Returns to be made in Fourteen Days —

Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound to be deduded for collecting. — I

How the Remainder is to be applied —

Fines on Officers for not appearing within an Hour after Beat of Drum,

or founding to Boot and Saddle -

Fines to be levied by Distress -

Fines levied by the Provost-Marshal to be paid to the Receiver-General — orfeitures and Punishments incurred, how to be recovered, applied, andj

inflicted -

ree Negroes of the Western Division, in case of Necessity, to join the

Parties -.

This Act not to abridge the Governor's Power, as Captain-General and Governor -

Governor impowered on Emergencies to unite the Parties -

This Act to be given in Evidence at any Suits for Acts done in pursuance i

of this Law -

Persons sued for doing their Duty required in this Act, to plead the General Issue : And the Suitor, if cast, to pay allCofts and Expences — I Muster-Rolls to be returned once every Year -

Negroes sent out on Parties to have three Months Provisions from their

Owners

If sick, to be sent Home, and the Owner to fend others in one Month,

under Penalty -

Penalty on Captains and other Officers neglecting to read once every Year

the Law for regulating Servants -

Commissioned Officers required to seize and imprison Persons suspected of I being Pirates, and the Penalty for Neglect therein -

Act. Clause.

*7 5

6

11

13

23

177 1

l5

J9> 20

l7 27

l77 10

IOI 3i

IOI 23

177 5

- 6

- 7

- 8

- 9

- 22

- 23

- 2 6

toi 29

l77 l5

- 16,17

- 18

- 24

25

*7 20

01 28

17 2 6

01 22

I7 15

77 17

l7

31 24

25

2 24

8 5

Officers

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Parties.

Port Royal. Rebels.

Reformed

Officers.

Retailers. St. Jaw de la Vega Serjeants. Servants. Wounded. W arrants.

Clipping.

Interest.

25

Officers and Serjeants to do Duty in Personj and none to refuse acting as Serjeants —

Captains to furniffi Drums, &c. for their Companies -

Penalty on Colonels and Chief Officers, for not issuing Warrants of Enquiry concerning Enlisting and Equipment of the Militia, and to ob-

serve punctually the Times of Exercise -

Subaltern Officers impowered to grant Warrants, in the Absence of Field

Officers -

Penalty on Officers and Marshals for not apprehending and securing Offenders ‘ -

Commissioned Officers, on Notice given of Flaunts, &c. of Runaway Negroes, to raise a Party not exceeding Twenty, to kill or take

them, &c. — Penalty for Refual or Neglect -

Commissioned Officers, on Notice given them, to assist and raise Men

to reduce and disperse Slaves assembled and drumming -

Colonels, &c. impowered to send out Parties -

Officers refusing the Commands of the superior Officer, how punishable —

Officers, Civil and Military, impowered to enter into any Place to sup-

press Drumming, and the Concourse of Slaves -

Captains, &c. to publish the Act for the more effectual Punishment of

Crimes committed by Slaves every Six Months.----- Penalty for

Neglect — *-- -

Any Commissioned Officer at Twenty Miles Distance from St. Jago de la Vega, impowered to commission Volunteers to pursue rebellious and

runaway Slaves -

Captain or Commanding Officer of each Company allowed to fell 2 lb. of

Gunpowder to any of his Company -

Officer's Fine for neglecting Duty -

Officers to review, muster, and exercise their Men every two Months, or

oftner —

Officers changing their Place of Abode, to do Duty in the Division

where to they remove -

Officers and Soldiers to be allowed Pay when out on Parties --

Parties sent out, not to return until they are reduced, or for one Month : And those ordered out on Parties, may procure one to go in their Head Parties employed in making Defences, and securing the Sea-Coast, how

to be armed, paid, and supported -

Parties to take Poll in the Barracks, and how disciplined -

Parties to be subject to the Articles of War. — The Duty of Parties — Persons enlisted at Port-Royal allowed to put able Persons in their Rooms Rewards for taking or killing Negroes in Rebellion.--Rebellious Negroes taken, to be transported by the Receiver-General -

Officers reformed to take Commissions. — How to rank and do Duty---

Not to serve beneath their former Commission -

To have Seniority, Rank, and Command as enjoined by their former Commissions —-

Penalty for retailing Rum within Twelve Miles of the Parties -

Guard to be kept every Night at St. Jago de la Vega -

Serjeants appointed, not to refuse acting, under the Penalty of 20 /. —

No hired or indented Servant to bear a Commission -

The Wounded to be cured at the publick Expence -

Warrants for levying Forfeitures, by whom may be issued -

MONIES and COINS.

The Rates of Coins Current in this Hand. — N.B. This Clause repealed by the Act 6 Ann. -

Debasing, Clipping, &c. the Coins current in this Hand deemed Treason

Interest for Money lent, 10 /. per Cent.-Recoverable only on Bonds and

Mortgages -

Penalty on taking above 10 per Cent. Interest -

Interefc reduced to 8 per Cent. — Penalty for taking a greater Interest — Commission on receiving and remitting Money lent out at Interest, reduced to 5 per Cent. But not to extend to the Commission on Negroes and Merchandizes -

h h

Act. Clause.

*7 8

9

a — 10

- 21

- 24

38 22

- 34

40 1

- 2

64 10

- r5

66 i

142 6

177 11

177 12, 13

- 21

40 2

- 2

83 6

IOI 19, 20

- 23

17 7

IOI 27

177 2

- •- 3

- 4

102 9

26 7

177 H

IOI 21

l7 14

26 8

16 1

- 2

- 3

- 4

1 ig 1

184 1 c. 16

In

26

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Act. Clause.

Interest reduced to 6 per Cent. 18 19

Interest at 6 perCent. to commence the 25th of March (and not the if t

of January, 1752) - 19 3 1

LentMonej /. Plaintiffs obtaining Judgment for Lent Money, allowed Costs of In

crease, besides Tax'd Costs, &c. 18- 1 i»3 I

NEGROE Towns, and Wild Negroes.

Colonel Articles of Pacification made with the Wild Negroes under Colonel Cud [

Cudjoe. joe, &c. and the Leward Negroes. The Articles confirmed I

and Penalty on any one breaking them 12( > I""5 I

Capt. Sjuaw Articles of Pacification with Captain QuarJV and the Windward Negroe.

his Adherents 126 > 1 I

Confirmation of the Articles. — Penalty for disturbing or seizing any 0 f I

the wild Negroes, contrary to the Articles of Pacification — - 2

The wild Negroes to have 40 j. for every rebellious Negroe they kill, 01

bring alive — 133 2 1

How to dispose of Runaways taken by them, and their Reward — I2C 2 1

Wild Negroes allowed 3 /. and no more, for runaway Negroes taken up 133

Negroe Wild Negroes, resident in the Negroe Towns, how to be punished for I

Towns. Disobedience, raising a Tumult, &c. — 178 1

Absenting themselves from their Towns Seven Days, to be transported

uy UlC XvCLCl VCl-vJCllCl cLL Convicted of enticing Slaves to run away, to be transported 5 6

Merchants. Detected of purchasing Slaves, the Slaves to be forfeited. — And 100l. f

' Penalty on Merchants felling them . 7

The Salary of white Persons appointed by the Governor to reside at each

of the wild Negroe Towns — 120 3 I

OFFICES, and Officers Publick.

Secretary. The Office of Enrollment to be kept at St. Jago de la Vega.~-~And the j

Secretary required to give Security, and the Penalty for Neglectt — 10 1 — 18

No Jews, Indians, Mulattoes, or Negroes, to be employed in the Pub- I

• lick Offices 56 273

Civil and Civil and Military Officers impowered to enter into any Place to suppress I

Military Drumming, and the Concourse of Slaves — 64 io I

Officers. I

Clerk of the STo Writs (except Warrants of Arrests and Subpoena's) to be delivered I

Court. by the Clerk of the Court, until a Declaration be filed 56 67 I

Penalty for not keeping a Table of Fees hung up in his Office . — 56 2 69 1

Required to inspect and examine the Records of his Office, and to have I

them new bound and covered — - 61 1 1

To keep an Alphabet of all former Patents recorded there — 5 I

To transmit Accounts of Fines, &c. to the Receiver-General within

Ten Days after Adjournment of the Courts, and to pay the Money — 99 11,12

Penalty for taking greater Fees for Actions under 20 /. than the petty I

Courts 56 98

Clerk of the 1 Clerk of the Chancery, how he is to act in the Resignation of Lands — 37 3 '

Chancery. I

Chancellor. Chancellor, or Clerk, to seal all Grants and Patents the next Tuesday be- I

fore each Grand Court 47 2

Clerk of the j Cees of the Clerk of the Crown - 56 162 — -2691

Crown. j

Penalty for his not making a Return of all Fines 56 [34 f

Clerk of the J 7ees of the Clerk of the Market; his Duty and Qualification b >32 — 242I

Market.

Clerk of the ( Cleric of the Peace to keep Records of Proceedings on Trials, and give I

Peace. Attendance 38 31

To keep a Book of Entry of Slaves fold and disposed of, from one

Party to another 38 44

To transmit Accounts of Fines to the Receiver-General within Ten

Days after Adjournment of the Courts, and to pay the Money, &c. 99 11

Fees

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

27

Collector.

Coroner.

Naval Offi cer.

Warrants.

Provost-

Marshak

Deputy-

Marshal.

Provost-

Marshal.

Deputy-

Marshal.

Fees of the Collector -

Penalty for his not keeping a Tabic of Fees hung up in his Office — Hours of Attendance at his Office, and Penalty for Neglect —

Impovered to seize Goods landed without Payment of Duty -

To appoint a Deputy at Port Antonio

Penalty for not giving the Coroner Notice of suspicious Tokens difee-

vered on viewing dead Bodies

Fees of the Naval Officer -

Penalty on him for not keeping a Table of Fees hung up in his

Office -

Warrants of Survey to be granted of Liquors turning four within Ten

Days, and a Return made in Twenty-five Days -

To appoint a Deputy at Port Antonio -

OFFICE of the Provost-Marshal and his Deputies.

Provost-Marshal to give Notice within Ten Days after Election to those

elected Assembly-Men *----- -

His Fees for keeping Runaways in Custody -

Penalty for suffering Runaways to escape

His Duty in executing Writs of Escheat —

Penalty for not paying Money received for Effects sold at Vendue, within Ten Days —

To prove the Service of Actions to be Fourteen Days before Court is held —

Penalty for his Deputy's acting contrary to this Act for establishing

Courts, and directing the MarshaPs Proceedings -

To account with Creditors for the Effects, &c. of Debtors deliverer

vip —

Penalty on the Marffiais for refusing to pay Mile Money to Persons

bringing them Runaway Slaves -

Penalty for neglecting his Duty of apprehending, trying, and punishing Slaves accused of Felony, &c.

Penalty for not keeping a Table of Fees hung up in his Office, or taking greater Fees , —

Penalty for not executing the Orders of Justices concerning Servants — To deliver in every second Wednesday of Grand Court to the Attorney General and Receiver-General, a List of all Actions, &c. wherein the Crown is concerned —

Upon Levies made by him being subject to prior Executions, to make a Return of the fame on the Back of the Writ •, also the Money levied, and the Sums due on prior Executions. — His Fees 5^. for such Return —

Persons who have lodged Writs, and received Payment from the De fendant, to certify the same to the Provost-Marshal within Two Months -

Not to execute, or suffer to be lodged, any Writs not legally market and indorsed —

Aa Clause.

56 219 — 227

56 269

86 15

86 *3

l55 2 — 5

2 16

- 205 — 208

56 269

86 3

155 2 — 5

18

*9

'rovoft-Marshal obliged to keep Deputies in each Precinct To pay the Justices for Runaway Negroes taken up by the Wild Negroes, and sent to them. — May keep them in Custody until their Diffiurfements, Poundage, and Fees are paid Deputy-Marffials, on receiving Summons's or Writs from the Provost-Marshal, to make Returns within a reasonable Time, or, upon Non-Service or Non-Execution, to assign the Causes, and return the fame, wrote and expressed on, or annexed to the Action, &c. ^rovoft-Marshal obliged to file the Deputies Reasons, to be of Record,

( and open to Inflection. — Deputies, on Complaint made, to swear to the Truth of their Reasons assigned for Non-Service or Non-

Execution -

Deputy-Marffiais, on gross Neglect being proved, to be fined by the

of

Court, and rendered incapable of serving as Deputies he Provost-Marshal to transmit Warrants to the Custos or Justices the Parish where an Election is, which is to be directed to warn Freeholders -• -

26

38

56 11 r

H7

H7

182

105

120

H7

147

H7

98

1

22

23 3

16

10

22

T4

25

269

7

£6

To

28

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Estreats of Fines.

Fees.

Juries.

Levies.

Lift of Actions.

Office.

Partitions.

Process.

Runaway

Slaves.

Receiver-

General.

Forts.

Governor.

Quit-Rent Bonds.

New-

Comers.

i To deliver Copies of Estreats of Fines, &c. to the Attorney-General and Receiver-General in Twenty-one Days, and to pay the Money levied —

The Provost-Marshal to transmit Accounts of Fines, &c. to the Receiver-General, within Ten Days after Adjournment of the Courts,

and to pay the Money to him —

His Fees for Service of Bench or Chief Justices Warrant, 20s. and

12 d. per Mile for the first, and 6 d. per Mile after -

To regulate his Panell of Jurors by Lifts made by the Vestries, so as to make the Service of Jurors most equal -

Notice of Levies to be given in Writing.--No Fees to be taken on

Execution levied, but on the Sums paid to the Plaintiff -

Required to keep an Alphabetical Register of Actions, Warrants, and

Bench-Warrants open for Inspection -

To open his Office at Seven, and continue it open till Eleven in the

Forenoon, on the Day of lodging Executions -

To issue his Warrants for executing Writs of Partition to a proper Person in the Parish, where he cannot attend in Person, and the same to

be valid - 1 1 -

Process to be served, &c. at the Death or Removal of a Provost-Marshal

by his Successor -

Provost-Marshal not to sell or dispose of Runaway Slaves before Twelve Months in Custody, and then at Publick Outcry at St. Jago de la

Vega -.

Impowered to keep Runaway Negroes in Custody until his Fees are paid —

Required to pay the Justices for Runaway Negroes taken up by the

wild Negroes, &c. —

Penalty for suffering Slaves in his Custody to escape, be employed, or out of his Custody —

To advertise the Names, Marks, and Owners of Slaves in Gaol — No Not a Bene concerning Titles to be inserted in Advertisements for the Sale of Negroes —

OFFICE of the Receiver-General.

Penalty on the Receiver-General, for not keeping a Table of Fees hung

up in his Office, or taking greater Fees -

Dockets of Land transmitted by the Secretary, to be recorded by the

Receiver-General, and Fee for the fame -

Penalty for not administering the Oath to Captains, &c. on Arrival — Receiver-General to pay Losses by Enemies in the Proportions directed — Veiled with the fame Powers as given to Officers for collecting his Majesty's Revenue, in the Act of Parliament of William and Mary, for Preventing Frauds, and Regulating Abuses in the Plantation Trade — To deliver upon Oath an Account, &c. of the Monies received by this Act. To give Bond and enter into Security for 5000l. -

To enter Accounts of Fines in his Books -

1 0 give publick Notice of the Arrival of Settlers — — To pay the Commissioners for providing for Settlers 60001, per Annum, during the Continuance of this Law, which is Fourteen Years —

To supply the Fort when necessary with Powder -

To keep a distinct Book of the Disbursements of the 1250l. for

Forts, &c. -

Penalty for misapplying or paying the 1250l. otherways than required

and enjoined -

Not to pay any Part of the 1250l. without a Warrant from the Governor, with the Advice and Consent of his Council *, and Penalty — Impowered to fell, dispose, transfer, &c. Quit-Rent Bonds -

r'aflage of New-Comers to be paid by the Receiver-General -

New-Comers to take an Oath to be administered by the Receiver-General -

To be subsisted for Twelve Months, and their Negroes, by ditto —

Act. Clause

56 J34

99 11

H7 3

*47 7

105 5

H7 2

105 6

*47 8

56 66

38 8

- 10

l33 1

38 11

105 15

' 4

56 269

70 1

86 11

82 2

86 14

- 21,2

99 10

157 3

- 13

86 9

- 20

- 23

- 24

148 2

107 2

- 3

4

5

Hours

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

29

Office.

Rebellious

Negroes.

Fees.

Run Goods. Servants.

Quit-Rents. Parish of St. Catherine.

Parish of

Kingston.

Secretary.

Deeds.

Fees.

Inventories.

Ordinary.

Leases.

Quit-Rents.

Surveyor's

iBonds.

Mariners.

Surveyor-General. Tickets to depart the Bland.

Hours of Attendance at the Receiver-General's Office, and Penalty for

Act. Cla-ife.

Neglect

Rebellious Negroes taken, to be transported by the Receiver-General —

Receiver-General's Fees on the Money arising from the Revenue — Receiver-General impowered to seize Run Goods

To receive and pay for Servants delivered to him by the Importers, and to fend them to the Parishes where the most Deficiencies appear -

fame Purpose

To appoint a Deputy at Port Antonio

OFFICE of the Secretary. Secretary to give Bond for safe keeping the Acts

Penalty on the Secretary for officiating before such Security is given Such Bond entered into, to be in lieu of any other Security required

To keep a Deputy at Kingston, and Penalty '---

Penalty for not keeping a Table of Fees hung(up in his Office -

Penalty for not recording Deeds in proper Time -

all Books for Records

-for the fame

Transcripts are true Copies of .their jOriginals

Obliged to transcribe and keep the Records in sufficient Repair at his

own Charge.----- Penalty for not entering into Bond to perform the fame

On delivering up or taking upon him the Office, to make and Xign an Inventory of the Books of Record in his Office, to be copied in a Book, and a-Copy to be lodged in the Clerk of the Court's Office, and to be sufficient Evidence againffihim in case of-Embezzlement — Required to inspect and examine the Records of his Office, and to have them new bound and covered Penalty for not administering the Oath to Matters of Vessels, concerning the employing of Slaves Trustees, Agents, Mortgagees, -&c. to make an annual Return into the Secretary's Office upon-Oath, of the Produce of Estates in their Charge and Care

The Secretary's Fees for taking Bond, recording Certificates, and patting Licences for felling- Gunpowder —

Inventories to be recorded, and Security Bonds given by(Executors — The Secretary impowered to require an Account of the Value of Testamentary Estates upon Oath —

Leases and Schedules annexed of- Orphans Estates, to be recorded in three Months —

Secretary to keep a Boole for recording Quit-Rent Receipts, and to send an Account thereof to the Governor, &c. —

Surveyor's Securities to be lodged in the Secretary's Office -

Conditions to be added to the Matters of Ships' Bonds, not to carry off Slaves without a Certificate —

Surveyor-General's Bonds to be lodged, where and how to be sued —

Penalty on the Secretary for giving a Ticket to go off this Island before the Party's Name be Twenty-one Days exposed on the Publick

x Lift.--- The Secretary impowered to take good ..Security, and the

Penalty

The Secretary to appoint a Deputy at Port Antonio

86 15

101 27

86 16

86 12

46 8

47 17

192 l55 1

2 — 5

20 2

- 3

- 4

32 3

56 269

36

6l 5, 7

70 V5 1 2 — 4

75 3

115 1 J 5

61 1

111 5

127 1

93 4

59 2

59 2

59 4

99 7,8

25 10

2 6 6

24 1

21 n

155 2 — 5

1 1

J)

P A-

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Slaves.

Clergy.

Clarendon.

PARISHES.

Where Negroes are convicted and executed, the Parish to pay the Value of them. — Not to pay, if the Negroes are tried for breaking open Negroe Huts, and stealing less than 5l. Value. (Note,. This Clause is repealed by Act 163, Clause 1.) -

The Names of the Parishes established

Criers.

Hanover.

Parish

Clerks.

St. Andrew.

St. Ann's.

St. Catherine's.

Parishes not to be afieffed for the Salary of Ministers more than allowec by Law

On Presentation, after Assessments laid, how to raise a Salary for the Mi nifter

East and West Boundaries between St. Elizabeth's and Clarendon Parishes — Roads cut, made, and cleared in Martial Law in Clarendon and St. Ann's Westmoreland and St. James's Parish, to be deemed publick, and re

paired by the respective Parishes -

Parish of Clarendon required to make an Allotment for opening and mak ing a good Road from Old Woman s Savannah to Louidas — Cryers of each Parish to burn Shingles or Staves wanting in Measure, and how to be rewarded

Penalty for hindering Cryers to execute their Duty concerning Boards Staves, and Shingles That Part of the Parish of Westmoreland on the North Side of Negril by North, separated and made another Parish, called Hanover, anc

veiled with the fame Privileges as other Parishes -

Justices and Vestries of Westmoreland and Hanover impowered to employ Surveyors to run the Lines between their Parishes Parish Clerks to receive Accounts of Goods seized as stolen or suspected and to enter the Date when lodged, and advertize the fame The Rector of the Parish of St. Andrew impowered to grant Leases of the

Glebe Land, not exceeding Twenty-one Years --

Provided the lame is leased at the highest Rate that can be got —

No Fine to be taken by the Lessor, and Penalty -

Nor new Leases granted until the old are expired

Oath to be taken by every Rector of said Parish. - Some of the

Land excepted, and not to be granted -

l.oads cut, made, and cleared in Martial Law, in Clarendon, St. Ann's,

and

re-

Westmoreland, and St. James Parish, to be deemed publick,

paired by the respective Parishes -

St. Catherine and St. Dorothy to keep Black-River Bridge in Repair — enalty on the Church-Wardens of St. Catherine, for not keeping Passage-

Fort Bridge in Repair -

Church-Wardens of St. Catherine impowered to appoint a Collector of the Duty for landing Goods at Passage-Fort Bridge -

Grants of Land in the Parade of the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, and of Fisheries in and between the Rio Cobre and Salt River in St. An

drew's, void -

500 Acres of the Land belonging to the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, to be laid out and measured for a Common Vestry impowered to lay a Tax, and to hire or contract for clearing and

cleaning the Common -

People feeding Cattle thereon, to be rated according to the Benefit they

receive thereby -

Justices, in case of the Vestry neglecting to have the Common cleaned One Year, impowered to order and direct clearing and cleaning

thereof - " -

Vestry impowered toleafe out the Remainder of the Common belonging to the Town of St. Jago de la Vega To lay a Tax on Houses rented or not rented, ing the Streets and Avenues of the Town Justices and Vestry of St. Catherine impowered to agree with a Town Warden, for cleaning the Streets and Avenues of the Town of St. Jago de la Vtga -

for mending and clean-

Aa Clause.

124 1,2

l5 *5

52 5

- 6

26 3

90 8

176 8

73 2

- 2

76 1

100 1

3S 13

i43 1

- 2

- 3

- 4

- 5>

90 8

2 6 2

11 2

- 3

3° 1

146 1

146 2>3

- 2

- 4

- 5

- 6

i54 1 1

And

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

3 1

Act. Clause.

St. Cathe- Justices and Vestry to raise Money for the Payment of the Town-War-

rim's. dens by a Poll-Tax on House Negroes, or upon Houses J54 2

Justices and Vestry to assign fit Places for throwing Rubbish, &c. — And

Penalty for throwing Rubbish elsewhere — 3> 4

How to treat and agree concerning Town-Wardens — 6

Town-Wardens to give Bond for Performance of their Duty — — 6

Justices and Vestry, at their last Meeting before the Expiration of every

Year, to enter into a new Agreement for cleaning the Streets, &c. — — 6

To determine any Disputes concerning the Path, Ways, and Avenues

leading to Town - — 7

The Tax upon Houses in the Town of St. Jago de la Vega, to be allotted

and raised in the same Manner as the Parish Taxes 156 1

Town-Wardens to remove Penguins growing within the Town - — 2

St. Mary's. The Time for the Freeholders of the Parish of St. Mary's to chuse Pa-

rochial Officers, changed from the second Thursday in March to the

first Thursday in February, every Year 185 5

St. Dorothy. St. Dorothy's Parish to contribute to the Support of the Barrack at the

Little Meneague — 114 8

St. Dorothy's and St. Catherine's to keep Black River Bridge in Repair — 26 2

St. Eliza- East and West Boundaries between St. Elizabeth and Clarendon Parishes — 26 3

both. Parish of St. Elizabeth divided into two Parishes, called St. Elizabeth

and Westmoreland, and their Boundaries 45 1

La Covia appointed the Place for holding the Courts of Quarter-Sessions

and Common Pleas; also the Vestries 79 1

St. James. Roads cut, made, and cleared in Martial Law in Clarendon, St. Ann's,

Westmoreland, and St. James's Parishes, to be deemed publick, and repaired by the respective Parishes 90 8

A Road to be cut from the Cave in Westmoreland over the Mountain, to

the west End of the Parish of St. James. When cut, deemed

publick, and to be kept in Repair by the Way-Wardens of the

Parishes of Westmoreland, St. James, and Hanover 80 1, 2

St. John. Parish of St. John obliged to mend and keep in Repair the Road from the Town of St. Jago de la Vega to the Foot of the Red Hills leading

to Guanaboa 176 1

To contribute to the Support of the Barrack at the Little Meneague — 114 8

St. Thomas Commissioners appointed for building Bridges over the River Road in

in the Vale. the Parish of St. Thomas in the Vale, keeping the fame in Repair

and for repairing the River Road 81 1, 2

To mend and keep in Repair the Savannah Road from St. Jago de la

Vega to the Angel Penn 176 4

Vert. Carpenter's Mountains bounded as described, joined to the Parish of Vere,

and the Privileges thereof. — How the Arrearages of Taxes are to be

naid - 121 T O

1 y

Salt Savannah, in the Parish of Vere to be divided, &c. 55 1

Westmore• Parish of St. Elizabeth divided into two Parishes, called St. Elizabeth and

land. Westmoreland, and their Boundaries 45 1

Parish of Westmoreland divided into two Parishes, called Westmoreland and

' Hanover 76 1

Roads cut, made, and cleared in Martial Law, in Clarendon, St. Ann's,

Westmoreland, and St. James's Parishes, to be deemed publick, and repaired by the respective Parishes 90 8

Justices and Vestry of WeJl7noreland and Hanover, impoweredto employ

Surveyors, to run the Lines between their Parishes IOO 1

Vestry of Westmoreland impowered to purchase Land at or near the Town of Savannah La Mar, and erect thereon a Court-House, and to keep

\ the fame in Repair . 187 r

Impowered to raise 1500l. and afifefs the fame for that Purpose — \ 2 V

The

32

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Clergy.

Droguers.

t

Governor.

Justices.

Negroe Pi-

lots.

St. George's.

Overseers.

c

Act. Clause.

The ANNUAL STIPENDS of the Incumbents

of each Parish.

Parishes.

The Parish of St. Catherine Parishes.

to allow the Incumbent of that Parish

Of St. Thomas in the Vale 200

Of St. Dorothy - - zoo

Of Kingston - - 250

Of Vere - 200

Of Clarendon - 250

Of Port Royal 250

Of St. Andrew 200

Of St. John - - 200'

PILOTS.

Of St. Thomas in the East 250

Of St. David Of St. George Of St. Mary Of St. Ann Of St. James' Of Westmoreland Of St. Elizabeth Of Hanover Of Portland -

100

100

200

200

200

250

200

200

ioo

None to act as Pilots without a Certificate from the Commissioners, and taking an Oath

J5 2

Pilots not entitled to Fees, unless tendering Service one League at Sea to the Eastward of Plumb Point, &c.

Pilots at their own Charge to flake or buoy out the Channel between Port

Royal and Kingston -

Pilots exempted from Parochial Duties

To entitle them to Pilotage, must attend one League to the Eastward

of Tellows Bay

Foreign Masters of Vessels to make Use of Pilots or pay Fees

Sugar Droguers not comprehended within the Intention of this Act for regulating Pilots

Governor to appoint Commissioners for appointing Pilots

Impowered to appoint white Men (recommended to him) to be Pilots, though without Certificate —

Impowered to appoint Negroe Pilots, and their Owners shall be answerable for them —

Justices to grant Warrants for recovering of Pilots Fees —

Two Justices of the Parishes or Precincts of Kingston or Port-Royal, impowered to determine all Disputes concerning Pilotage —

Masters of Vessels obliged to employ the first Pilot offering, or pay the Fee —

Penalty on employing Negroes for Pilots, (Maryland and Bristol, belonging to Joseph Waity and Deptford and Blackball, belonging to Edward Glass, excepted) —

PORTLAND Parish.

The Tratft of Land vested in the Crown made into a Parish,- called Portland^ and the Boundaries thereof described, and the usual Privileges allowed - -« -

Not to include any of the Lands of St. George's Parish already settled — New Commissioners appointed for managing the Settlement of Portland Parish -

Commissioners to meet once a Year to enquire and receive from the several Patentees, an Account on Oath of the Date of their Patents, of the

Number of Acres, white People, and Slaves, &c.

To give Ten Days Notice of such Meeting

Persons remote from the Place of Meeting, may fend in such Account, sworn to before any one Commissioner —

'enalty for Neglect of giving in, and being deficient in the Number of white Men or Slaves —

If the Penalty shall be incurred by the Neglect of the Overseer, he shall pay the Forfeiture

The Boundaries, as described in former Acts, established, to be the Boundaries of this Parish —

6

112 1,2

- 7

- 9

- 11

"3 3

112 10

113 5

112 3

113 1

- 4

112 6 — 8

"3 5

112 6

112 4> 5 -

78 4-6

5

87 8

116 4

- 5

116 6

- 8

- 8

_l 18

In-

Grants.

Inhabitants.

Justices.

Manchio-

neal.

Patents;

Port Antonio.

Litchfield.

Quiet Pof-

fession.

Settlers;

Wharfs.

Buildings.

Grants.

Justices.

Harbour.

Navy.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

33

Indulgences granted by former Acts made void; and the Lands forfeited

to be regranted, under the fame Limitations as formerly -

Titles of subsequent Grants of I.ands, actually settled, confirmed against any former Grants

Grants of Lands hereafter not executed by a Quorum of Commissioners,

and duly met, not valid -

Inhabitants patenting and settling there, entitled to the fame Encouragement as New-Comers

Penalty on the Justices of Portland, for not doing their Duty required by an Act for preserving the Harbours

The Acts vesting in his Majesty the Parcels of Land at Long-Bay and Manchioneal, not to be altered or affected by any Thing contained in this Act

Dockets of Patents to be recorded in the Commissioners Books, and Fees

to their Clerk 2 s. 6 d. -

Port Antonio a Port of Entry and Clearance -

Penalty for sinking Wrecks, &c. in the Harbour

The Secretary, Naval Officer, Collector, and Receiver-General, to appoint Deputies at Port Antonio, as in King ft on to be paid by the Receiver-General yol. per Annum each

These Deputies veiled with the like Authority as expressed in the Revenue Act -

Governor impowered to make Grants to Settlers, of the 100 Acres of Land at Manchioneal Harbour, in Proportion not exceeding 20 Acres

each -

The Grants not to extend to the Sea Shore, nor nearer than 300 Feet to Manchioneal Harbour

The Town to be built at Pattison's Point to be called Litchfield. — Court of Common-Pleas to be held there, and when --

Fifty Acres more added to the Town, and an Hundred Acres to the

Common -

Titles of Lands settled according to Law, and Pofiession for Five Years confirmed

The Settlers allowed the fame Privileges and Immunities here, as those at

Manchioneal and Norman's Valley -

Twenty Acres, Part of Lynch's Island, vested in the Crown for building Wharfs, &c.

POR T-R OTAL Parish.

Buildings within 30 Feet of High Water Mark at Port-Royal, to be taken down

Encouragement for Owners of Land or Houses at Port-Royal, to wharf

out, and obliged to leave 18 Feet open to the Sea -

No Person to build nearer to the Church than already built Houses built within 200 Feet of the Breast-Work, &c. to be pulled

down -

Houses to be pulled down, to be viewed, valued, and paid for---

150l. per Annum appropriated for repairing the Wall, &c. to be applied by the Church-Wardens, with the Advice and Consent of the Justices

and Vestry : -

Grants for the Use of the Parish confirmed -

Justices to lay an Annual Tax for the Repair of the Town, and to issue Warrants of Distress, in case of refilling to pay the said Tax-, and to direct how the Money arising from this Act shall be applied and paid, and to whom — 111 -

Justices and Vestry to chuse Scavengers and Rakers ---• —

Impowered to lease Ground near the Tan-House, for storing Pitch,

Tar, &c. '

Impowered to make Rules and Orders to prevent Fire in the Town. —

- Penalty for disobeying such Rules and Ordinances -

Penalty 20l. forfuffering Wrecks to fink in the Harbour -

Lands proper for building a Capfon House, &c. to be purchased and veiled in his Majesty -

k k

\a. Clause.,

116 1 — 3 2

- •14

OO 1

91 3

116 21

116 10

7* 8

9i 2

i55 2 — 5

- 3

197 1, 2

l97 3

CO 6>7

85 3

116 11. — 13

167 1

89 1

14 1

- 6

- 7

28 1.

28 2

65 3

3° 4

33 3.4

44 1

48 3.4

48 5

14 9

104 1 ( \

34

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACT S.

Act. Clause.

33 5

33 7,8

14 8

53 1,2

105 18

5 6

9 3

9 1

38 21

9 7

9 i3

*37 1

- 6

- 3

11 4

- 8

9

37 I

125 1

99 3

125 2

37 z L

99 4

47 6

47 8

47 J3

68 1

99 i

99 2

Freeholders.

Offices.

Quays.

Summons's.

Rum.

Penns.

Plantations.

St. Jago dt la Vega.

Artificers.

Commissioners.

Arrears.

Grants. Interest. Non-Redden ts.

Discoverers.

The Tax upon Freeholders, not resident there, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or before any Just ice Deputies of the Receiver-General, Naval Officer, and Secretary, to be kept at Port-Royal as usual, and Penalty for Neglect of Duty.- — One Half of the Forfeitures to be to the Parish of Port Royal Penalty for digging Ballast out of Port-Royal Quays

Penalty for digging Stones, &c. out of the Quays, except to the West ward i and for fufxering Wrecks to fink there

Summons's to be served on the Inhabitants of PorV Royal, Fourteen Days before each Court

PLANTERS, Plantations, and Penns.

Planters and their Servants allowed to fell pure and unmixed Rum with

out Licence - - > —

Owners or Occupiers of Penns to keep white Men in Proportion to the Number of their Cattle and Stock, and the Penalty ——

Plantations to be sufficiently fenced against Cattle «-

Plantations deserted for Six Months, may be made ruinate, and destroyed — Penalty on Persons carrying Fire, or smoaking, in any other Mens Lands

or in the Woods or Highways -

Penalty on Planters keeping in their Names, Hunting Dogs not their own ---- " -

PUBLICK BUILDINGS.

An Edifice to be built in St. Jago de la Vega, for the XJfe of the Cpunci and Assembly, and publick Records, and Commissioners appointed. — Time appointed for putting this Act in Execution — Artificers contracting to give Security for the due Performance of their

Agreement i

Commissioners impowered to design and lay out the Edifice, and make

Contrafts with Artificers, &c.

The Materials to be deemed their Property. — 6opo/, appropriated — None executing a Place of Profit under this Act, to be a Commis-

fioner -

Commissioners to elect new Commissioners, when Vacancies happen —

QJU I T-R ENTS.

concerning

Arrears of

Arrears due, how ascertained

Explanation of the Intention of a former Act,

Quit-Rents paying 12 per Cent. Interest Grants of Lands forfeited for Quit-Rents, already passed, confirmed —

Allowance to be made for an Over-Charge of Interest -

Owners of Land, Non-Resident, (Orphans excepted) required^ to pay Arrears, and to settle their uncultivated Lands, or forfeit the same to the King, and how to be re-granted —

Discoverers of Lands of Absentees not paying Quit-Rents, t<? have the Preference of the Grants, giving Security to settle them as required — Lands granted before the 12th of June 1671, to pay for e.very 30 Acres I s. annually •, for every 100 2 s. 6 d. From the 12th of June i6ji to 1674, id. per Acre, per Annum \ and Foot-Land y d. 4 per Foot of Two Sides of a Square *- -

Quit-Rents due before the Year 1692, acquitted v ——

Penalty for neglecting to give in Lands and pay Quit-Rents, within the

Time limited v- - — 1 -

Lands situate in the Parishes of St. <Thoma$in the East and St. George, how

forfeited for Quit-Rerts -

Quit-Rents due not paid before the 25th of March iy33, to bear an Interest of 12 per Cent.

Not paid once in every Three Years, or settled by Bond, to bear the like Interest of 12 per Cent, from last Payment •-» -

Re-

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

35

Act. Clause.

Receiver- Receiver-General to keep an Office at St. Jago de la Vega and Kingdon,

General. to receive Quit-Rents — 47 7

Revenue. Money anfing from Quit-Rents to be deemed Part of the Revenue, and the whole to be applied only for the Support of the Government — 86 28

REGISTER of Births, &c.

A Register of Births, Christenings, Marriages, and Burials, to be kept

by the Minister, Clerk, or Church-Warden in each Parish, which shall be deemed a Record in all Courts; and the Penalty for altering

or erasing them - — *5 to, 11

RETAILERS.

Divine Ser- Retailers not to entertain in Divine Service ~ — 5 4

vice. Blasphemy. 20 I. Penalty, or Corporal Punishment, on those guilty of Blasphemy — — 4

Grand Li- Retailers of strong Liquors, and Keepers of Houses of Entertainment,

cences. required to take out grand Licences yearly, and give Security — 5 1

Not to be granted by the Governor, without a Certificate from the Justices, and Security given - 1

Penalty for suffering Common Gaming in their Houses, and for felling i 5 5

Madeira Wine and Brandy above the Rates fixed — J 7 1

Convicted of keeping a Gaming-House, incapable of having a Licence

for the future H5 3

Mariners. Penalty on trusting Seamen above 40 s. — 23 3$

Slaves. Penalty on suffering Slaves to game, play, or meet to drink within their

Houses - " 64 7

Petty Licen- Petty Licences for felling Rum and Rum Punch, to be given by the

ces. Justices in Sessions, and those licenced to give Security 5 2

REVENUE.

Revenue settled by an Impost-Duty, ‘viz.

Madeira On Madeira Wine, 61. per Ton — — 86 1

Wine.

Azores Wines from the Azores, 12 I. per T on — 1

Wine.

Rhenish. French, or Portugal Wine, 5 /. per Ton ' — 1

Spirits. Arrack, Brandy, or other Spirits, is. 6 d. per Gallon — — 1

Beer, Cyder. Calk or Bottled Beer or Cyder, 2l. per Ton — — 1

Mum, Me- Mum or Metheglin, 3l. per Ton - 1

theglin.

Refined Refined Sugar, 6 d. per lb. - 1

Sugar.

Tobacco. Tobacco, 4 d. per lb. - 1

Ginger. Ginger, 15 s. per Cent. - 1

Indigo. Indigo, 3 d. per lb. — 1

Cotton. Cotton, 3 d. per lb. — — 1

Cocoa. Cocoa, imported in Vessels of this Island, 15 s. per Cent. — 1

Ditto, in other Vessels, 11, par Cent. - — t

Alio by the Duty on Tonnage, by Fines and Forfeitures, Quit-Rents,

and Wine Licences - 1

Duties. Duties, if sued for, to bear 10 per Cent. Interest from the Time of Judg-

86

lliLl 1L. 4

Entries. Penalty for landing or delivering any Goods liable to Duty, out of Vessels

before Entry, &c. — — 12

The Estimation annexed to this Act to be accepted, and taken as Part

thereof — 26

Deficiencies of this Act to be made good by any future Assemblies — — 27

An Estimate of the present Branches of his Majesty's Revenue, and Expences chargeable thereon - — 31 \

Finch's New Trustees appointed over Finch's Estate, for Payment of a Sum

Estate. due to the Publick - 140 4 \

Trustees added to the above - 194 1 1

6 . SU-

36

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Con v ids.

Overseers,

&c."

felony.

Barrack

Laws.

Publick

Debts.

Deeds.

Lands.

jmers.

Act. Clause.

SERVANTS.

Indented Servants to serve according to Contract. If there is no Contract or Indenture, Servants under Eighteen Years of Age to serve Seven

Years*, if above Eighteen* to serve Four Years -

Convicts to serve for the Time of their Banishment ——

Penalty for trading with Servants, unless by Consent of their Mailers — Penalty on Servants or hired Labourers convicted of laying violent Hands

on their Employers or Overseers -

Penalty on Overseers, &c.-for embezzling, walling, &c. any of their

Employers Money or Goods -

Punishment for indented Servants marrying without the Consent of their

Mailers, &c. -

Absenting themselves without Leave or Ticket, how to be punished — Suits between Mailers, &c. and Servants, concerning their Freedom, how

to be determined , -

Indented Servants, lick, disabled, or imprisoned by their own Milbeha-

viour, what Recompence to make, &c.

Penalty on whipping Servants naked, without an Order of Justice -

Penalty for entertaining Indented or Contracted Servants, knowing them,

or not knowing them to be such --

Penalty on Servants hiding or entertaining any Person's Servant or Slave — Penalty for riding, leading, or carrying Goods, &c. on their Employers

Horses, Carrs, &c. without Leave. -

Indented Servants found stealing Timber, &c. and convicted before two

justices, their Mailers to pay 3l. -

Encouragement for the importing of white Servants -

Penalty for hiring, concealing, or employing any indented Servant without a Discharge, and how recoverable *--- -

Attempting to run away with, and carry off Servants, Felony without Benefit of Clergy; -

SETTLERS.

Settlers exempt From Taxes for Seven Years -- "

Coming to settle their Passages to be paid -

Inhabitants patenting and settling at Portland, entitled to the fame Encouragement as New-Comers -

Intitled to Land according to the Number of their Families and Slaves,

not exceeding gdb Acres --

Each Settler to have a Lot, .and.obliged to build a House thereupon — Not allowed to demise, lease, or throw up their Land within Seven

Years _ -

Oath to be taken by future new Settlers at Portland, — Allowed the fame Privileges and Immunities as those at Manchioneal or Norman's

Valley _ -

Titles of actual Settlers to Land (granted on two Barracking Acts since

expired) confirmed -

Debts due to the Publick from several Persons, remitted *---

Deeds of Alienation of Land granted to Settlers, if within Seven Years,

void, except it be by Will -

Commissioners impowered to purchase of the Proprietors several Tracks of Land near Port Antonio, to be veiled in his Majesty for the Benefit of New Settlers -

In what Proportions the 30,000 Acres of Land are to be granted to them Lotts of Land near the Sea-Shore, or Harbour of Manchioneal, appropriated to the Use of New Settlers, instead of Ten Acres near the

Barracks, formerly appropriated -

The Ten Acres formerly for the Use of New Settlers, now appropriated

to the fame Use as' the Hundred Acres -

New-Comers importing Rum, Sugar, Tobacco, Indigo, Cocoa, Ginger, and Cotton, on proving the fame within Three Months, to have the Duties repaid to them _ -

7

4

4

6

7

8

10

11

- 11

- 12

' 13

- *7

18

- *9

38 29

46 i*

III 2

- 6

68 13

- 15

85 1

107 5

117 3

149 3

167 2

117 1

161 1

107 10

68 17

IS 5

161 2

- 3

86 18'

To

An ABRIDGMENT of the AG T S.

37

New-

Comers.

To stand indebted to the Publick, and pay the Sum expended for their Support, in Seven Years, without Interest -

Expences of Patents to be paid by the Publick, and exempt from Impost-

Duty of any Negroes they bring with them -

Who deemed New-Comers -

Exempt from Action of Debt, contracted in Great Britain for Three

Years ♦ -

Penalty for not beginning Settlements within Three Months after

granted -

No New-Comer to take up Lands, before Oath made of the Number o

his Negroes -

To have 50 Acres for himself, and 10 Acres for each Servant anc

Slave -

Not to exceed 300 Acres, nor to be granted, until they enter into Bone to begin the Settlement in Six Months, and continue for Seven

Years, &c. —

Fifty Acres not to be granted to the Patentee, unless he reside on the

Settlement -

New-Comers required to begin a Settlement in Three Months, and in Eighteen Months to plant Half an Acre for every white Person and Negroe, and to keep the fame open and planted for Seven Years — : If any of the Negroes die, or are taken off by Course of Law, required to open Land, &c. only in Proportion to those left -

Commissioners, or any Five of them, impowered, during the Intervals of the Assembly, upon Application, to enquire into the Pretensions of New-Comers from the Sugar Colonies, and to order the Receiver-General to pay 20l. for their Passage -

Commissioners appointed for introducing, supporting, and settling New-

Comers under this Act -

They, or any Five of them, impowered to appoint Agents in Great Britain, and to draw out of the Hands of the Receiver or Co-General, -2000l. per Annum for Fourteen Years, and to

remit the same to such Agents -

Settlers to be provided with Meat, Drink, Washing, and Lodging, and other Necessaries, immediately upon their Arrival, until settled — Those who shall settle a Family of New-Comers, and give them within a Mile of some Plantation, an Estate of 20 Acres of Land, 4 Acres of which is planted in Provisions, and having a House upon it of 501. Value, with a Negroe Slave worth 35l. and pay 20l. to the Head of the Family; those who shall give Bond to perform the above within Six Months, shall be entitled to 145l. for each Family ---:----------

10l. also to be allowed to those who shall so settle such Families, for each Person in the Family -

Qualifications, under which those who introduce and settle New-Comers,

shall be entitled to the Bounty --

The New-Comers so introduced to favea Deficiency, during Four Years,

for the Party introducing and settling them -

Settlers exempted from Parochial and other Taxes for Seven Years — All Alienations (except by Will) of Lands, Houses, or Negroes, so given or granted to New-Comers under this Act, to be void, if dated within Seven Years after such Gift or Grant -

Act. Clause.

107 6

- 9

107 12

- {3

- 14

"7 2

149

188

l57

1

2

11

SHIPS.

Tonnage.

Officers.

Penalty on Persons going on board Ships, on Arrival, before the Master

has waited on the Governor -

Every Vessel from North the Tropick, to pay every Time they arrive 1 lb. of Gunpowder for each Ton j and from the South 1 lb. ditto

per Ton, once every Year --

No Officer of Port-Entries to clear out any Ship, &c. for the Northern Colonies, until a Manifest of the Cargo actually on board, and sworn to by the Master, is produced -

23

86

190

39

7

1 1

SLAVE,

38

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

-Act. Clause.

Inveiglers.

Convicts.

Felony.

Fire Arms. Hawking.

Forestalling.

Murder.

Piracies.

Runaways.

Dower.

SLAVES.

Slaves not allowed to hunt Cattle but in Company with the Mailer or

Overseer, &c. If found hunting alone, guilty of Felony -

Persons guilty of inveigling Slaves to be imprisoned for a Year

Guilty of hiding or entertaining runaway Slaves, or of inveigling. Slaves, to be punished at the Discretion of two Judges or three Justices

Clause 26 of Act 38 (concerning the Power of inflidling Punishme.nt on no more Slaves than one, when several are convicted of one and the fame Crime) explained -

Slaves compassing or imagining the Death of any white Person, how to

be punished -

Convicted of harDouring Runaways, (knowing them to be such) to suffer Death, &c

Provided Prosecution is commenced within one Month after Discovery of Harbouring, &c.

Provided Prosecution against the Runaways be commenced within three Months after being taken

The Penalty of 100 /. imposed by a former Act, to be recovered by Order of two Judges or three Justices -

Slaves convicted, the Value to be paid by the Parish where the Crime was committed

Attempting to run away with, and carry off Servants or Slaves, Felony

without Benefit of Clergy — :---

Slaves not allowed to carry Fire-Arms without a Ticket

Goods sold by Slaves (except Plantation Growth, Provisions, Fish, Milk, and final! Stock) to be forfeited, and the Slaves punished -

Forestalling and revending Plantation Provisions, and live Stock, how punishable

Or for felling Sugar-Canes without a Ticket

Penalty for buying Sugar-Canes, Rum, &c. of Slaves, 10l. '

The Wilful Murder of Slaves, the first Offence Felony without Benefit of Clergy, and Imprisonment at the Discretion of the Court •, and

60 /. to be paid to the Owner of the Slave killed - 3

Slaves to be admitted as Evidences, without Oath, against Slaves tried

for committing Piracies -

Not to extend to Murders, &c. committed by Slaves in their Passage to

or from this Island, transported as Merchandize -

This Act to be in Force for Twenty Years -

Slaves, born in this Hand, upwards of Eighteen Years of Age, and new Negroes imported and residing in the Island Three Years, if run away for Six Months, to be tried as other Slaves for Capital

Crimes —

'enalty for trading with Slaves without Consent of their Mailers, &c. 3unishment of Slaves striking a white Person —

Slaves to be Evidence against Slaves -

Imagining, meditating, or attempting the Death of any white Person,

to suffer Death -

n what Cases Persons killing Slaves are not liable to Prosecution -

Slaves and their Accessaries, convicted of giving, or attempting to give Poison, though not taken, or Death do not ensue, shall be punished

as Murderers -

Punishment for buying or selling Goods not belonging to their Owners,

or for their Use —

Penalty on Persons receiving, or buying from, or felling any Goods not for the Use of their Owners, &c. or expressed in a Ticket — Not free by becoming Christians. — In what Instance deemed as Goods and Chattels. — An Inheritance after Payment of Debts and Legacies,

and to defeend -

The Children of Slaves assigned for Dower, liable for Debts, but not

for Legacies -

May be sold or disposed of by Persons in their own Right, free of Claim of Dower -

165

83

141

15

59

83

163

hi

165

106

106

183

*74

*5 9 2

38

38

6

1

1

2

4

5

6

3

2

6

7

3

4

5

1

2

1

6

2

23

24 30

32

3

36

40

41

42

Pe-

Slaves.

Dismember-

ing.

Tolling. Convictsi

Freed

Slaves.

Provost-

Mar&al.

Runaways.

Rebellious

Negroes.

Stealing Slaves, &c. Stolen Goods.

Soldiers.

Mariners.

An ABRIDGMENT of the* ACTS.

39

Penalty on Persons hiding, concealing, or making away with Slaves suspected to be guilty of Felony, or any Capital Crime

Punishment for acting contrary to the Act for regulating Fowling and

Fishing -

Penalty on Persons dismembering Slaves -

Punishment on Slaves absenting Thirty Days, to have a Foot cut

off, &c. -

Punishment on Slaves for Gaming* to be publickly whipped -

Penalty on detaining Slaves, who have been in Possession Six Months,

without due Course of Law, and how recoverable -

Punishment of Slaves hiring themselves out to work, without Consent

of their Owners; &c. -

Penalty on Purchasers of Slaves for not Tolling them, except when first imported

Convicts legally transported, returning, to be executed by Warrant of a Justice —

If not transported according to Sentence, by the Owners, to be executed by Warrant of a Justice upon Complaint -

Penalty for being convicted before a Justice of stealing, or having in Custody, stolen Timber, Wood, or Bark -

Freed Slaves to be tried as other Slaves for all Offences, Capital or Criminal.----- Slaves to be Evidences against them. — [This Clause repealed, Act 153, Clause 3.]

No Runaway Slaves to be kept in Custody (except by the Provost-

Marshal at St. Jago de la Vega) above Ten Days -

Penalty for employing Runaway Slaves, and suffering them (when taken up) to want Provisions

Slaves to have the Benefit allowed for Runaways, if taken up by them.*

And Penalty of depriving them of it, -

Runaways, when taken; how to be dispoied of -

Slaves entertaining Runaway Slaves, how punishable -

those granted by former Acts ' -

Freemen, Servants, or Slaves taking rebellious Slaves; how to be rewarded -

Slaves run away for Twelve Months; to be deemed rebellious; except

those not three Years in the Country -

Persons endeavouring to steal and carry off H'des, conceal or employ

any Slaves, to forfeit 100l. —

Stolen Goods found in Slaves Custody, Punishment Death, Transporta-tion, &c. — No Search can be made, without a Certificate from Justice -

SOLDIERS.

and subject to Martial Law pendants on Duty at or near Subsistence -

Parties are to continue in the Service Twelve Months and no longer — Penalty for hiring, concealing, or employing any Soldier or indented

vknt without a Discharge; and how recoverable *--

Soldiers and Servants illegally detained, admitted as Evidence against t

who illegally hire or employ them -

To have 50 square Acres of Land contiguous to the hot Spring

the Bath -

Penalty for clandestine detaining, hiring, employing, concealing, on b or on shore, or for carrying off any Soldier or Sailor in the Ki Service; and how to recover the Fine -

dence against Persons offending herein, and to have half

Penalty -

100 Acres at each Barrack allowed for the Soldiers to plant —

8

Act. Clause.

38 28

58 6

64 4

64 5

_ 6

67 L 2

- 5

38 44

38 20

- 20

- 29

- 33

- 7

- 7

- 12

2 21

38 17

66 2

38 18

- 19

- 16

- *-< 1 CO w

102 8

- 13

- 16

111 2

I I I 1 3

160 9

144 1

144 2

117 4 N

4

su:

4o

XVarrants of Survey.

Surveyors.

ke-Sufveys.

Surveyor-

General.

Writs of View.

Staves, Shingles.

Bottled Liquor.

Boards.

Merchants,

Factors.

Interest. For<7 i Su-

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

SURVEYORS and Surveying.

Time limited for executing Warrants of Survey, and the Penalty for

Neglect -

Allowances for Attendance and Journey of Surveyors, where their Warrants are not executed through Default of the Parties -

Surveyors, in what Manner to run out and survey Lands passed under the

Great Seal, and the Penalty for Neglect " --

Not to survey, or lay out Lands passing the Great Seal, for their own

Use, under the Penalty of 50l. -

Present Surveyors to resurvey Lands passed under the Seal, of which they have given Platts only projected -

Proviso and Penalty -

To indorse upon the Order the Time of receiving it. — To run out the Land at a convenient Time after. — How to ad in the Cafe of receiving two Orders for the fame Land.----- Penalty for hot doing as

herein required. — To return two Platts into the Patent-Office — To give Security of 300l. in the Secretary's Office for due Performance

of their Office -

To give Notice, on Re-Surveys, or running of Lines to the Owners,

&c. under Penalty of 20l.

Surveyor-General; his Deputy; or Persons so authorized, only allowed to

survey where the King is a Party -

Surveyor-General's Office to be kept in St. Jago de la Vega, and at what

Times, and his Officers -

Power reserved to his Majesty to re-examine Surveyors -

Penalty on tracing or running other Lines, on Writs of View, but those

in Dispute, unless directed by the Court -

Surveyor's Fees, and Penalty for exading more -

Penalty for refusing any Person upon a particular Application, and tendering his Fees.--- And not to prefer any general Application to

the first Applier -

TAXES.

Taxes over-rated, how to be relieved -

Where ho Distress to be found, how recoverable; the Assessment produced, a sufficient Evidence -

TRADE and Merchandize.

Staves and Shingles imported, not of proper Dimensions, to be burned —

Bottled Liquor imported, if under Measure, to be forfeited to the Poor

of the Parish -

Penalty for landing or delivering any Goods liable to Duty, out of Vessels

before Entry, &c. -

Goods sold by Slaves, excepting of Plantation Growth, Provisions, Fiffi, Milk, and small Stock, to be forfeited, and Slaves hawking and felling Merchandize from Place to Place, to be punished -

Bills of Exchange returned protested, to bear a Re-Exchange at 8 per

Cent. -

Foreign Bills of Exchange returned protested to carry Interest, after Judgment obtained, till paid -

Penalty for felling Boards or Timber of the American Colonies, not mea-

furing as marked -

Merchants and Fadors, &c. in Great Britain and this Island, to whom, by Contracts expressed or implied. Payments are to be made in Sterling Money or Bills of Exchange, intitled to all the Benefits of this Account, for the estabHshing of the Credit of the Island --

Merchants, Fadors, &c. in Greai-Britain, intitled to 5 per Cent. Interest

on ail Money advanced and lent to Persons in this Island -

The Importation of Foreign Sugar, Rum, and Molasses prohibited —

Act. Cla use.

24

24

25

3

4 1

95

73

4

5

6

10

24

24

24

95

95

5

6

6

7

15

i5

9

7

86

3

12

106

119

172

73

184

184

190

20

21 1

6

Ships

Ships of War.

Coders.

ca-Coasts.

Settlers.

Highways.

Vagabonds.

Cleric of the Vestry.

Sea-Coasts.

Clerks of the Vestry.

Juroi*.

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Ships of War impowered to make Seizures of Foreign Sugar, &c. attempted to be run, and every Seizure to belong to the Captors — In Cafe of Disputes concerning the Growth of Sugars, &c. seized upon Suspicion of being Foreign, the Onus Probandi to lie upon the Importer - ' -

TRADES and Tradesmen.

Penalty on Coopers for felling Calks made of Staves under Measure Penalty on them for making Fires in their Yards, unless inclosed by a

Brick Wall 8 Feet high -

Penalty on Goldsmiths, &c. for felling or exposing to Sale Gold or Silver Wares, until they have entered their Names, Places of Abode, and

Mark, with the Assay-Master -

The Labour of Tradesmen employed in railing Defences at the Sea-

Coalls, how to be valued and allowed for -

Commissioners impowered to pay the Passage of Men of different handicraft Trades, who come to settle Upon the Encouragement of this ACV, and to pay each 10l. Bounty-Money — :---

VESTRIES.

Vestries to chuse Surveyors or Way-Wardens in each Parish, and the Penalty for Neglect or Absence -

Impowered to lay a Tax of Money or Labour for repairing Roads Impowered to agree with Persons to work on the Roads for Two

Years.--- Required to record their Transactions concerning Roads

in the Vestry-Books, which shall be deemed good Evidence -

Penalty for Absence at the Time appointed for laying Taxes -

The Justices and Vestries of St. Dorothy's and St. Thomas in the Vale, to lay a Tax not exceeding too/, above the Tax laid by that of St.

Catherine — -» -

To enquire into, and levy Arrears -

Not to afiefs more than One Shilling per Annum for every ioo Acres

of Land -

Vestries of each Parish impowered to build Houses of Correction for Pu-

nishment of Vagabonds ——

Times for chuling Vestrymen in each Parish -

Where no Clerk of the Peace, the Clerk of the Vestry to keep a Book

for Tolling the Sale of Negroes, and Penalty for Neglect -

Penalty for Neglect of Duty concerning the Bridge between St. Catherine

and St. Andrew's -

Justices and Vestries of each Parish, (excepting Port-Royal,'St.'Catherine, and Kingston) impowered to hire Constables, and to lay a Tax for

that Purpose -

Penalty on Vestries neglecting their Duty herein -

If the Vestries shall not be able to hire Men proper for Constables, to

chuse Constables in Quarter-Selftons -

Vestries impowered to raise a Number of white Men and Negroes, properly armed, sufficient to defend Places raised for protecting the Sea-

Coasts •, and to levy a Tax for railing Forts, &c.

Penalty on the Clerks of the Vestries neglecting to give Notice to those

appointed Way-Wardens -

Vestries impowered to raise a Tax for Payment of Slaves executed, and

to be made good to the Owners -

Required once every Year to exhibit a List of Persons, themselves included, inhabiting their respective Parishes, of a competent Livelihood, and qualified to 'serve as Jurors, and fend said Lifts subscribed

rto the Chief Justice, &c. -

Act 15, Clause 1, appointing the Time of Meeting of Freeholders for

chusing Vestry-Men and Church-Wardens, repealed -

Electors of Vestry-Men to be qualified as for chusing Members of the Assembly. — Except in Kingston, Port-Royal, St. David's, and St. George's, they not being required to be so qualified -

•Adi. Clause.

190 2

- 3

73 2

97 4

150 2

88 3

157 12

3 1

2

- 6

15 2

- 3

~ 5

- 8

29 1

162 2

3^ 44

42 3

62 1

- 2

- 3

88 5

90 2

124 3

H 7 7

162 1

V

- : \ t

EleCiVs

m m

42

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

Highways.

Wharfs.

Wharfage.

Wharfin-

gers.

Executions.

Electors of Vestrymen required to elect Way-Wardens on the Days appointed for electing Church-Wardens Penalty on Vestry-Men for not appearing when duly summoned; except where Six meet, then not to be incurred

Where Authority is vested in the Justices, Vestries impowered to execute the fame where no Justices are The Justices and Vestry of St. John's, impowered to appoint Surveyors and allot Negroes, &c. for mending the Road from the Foot Guanaboa Red Hills, to St. Jago de la Vega -

The Justices and Vestry of St. Thomas in the Vale impowered to appoint Surveyors, and make Allotments of Negroes, &c. — And to require an Allotment of Negroes from the Angel Penn

WAY-WARDENS.

Four or more Way-Wardens, to be appointed in each Parish by the Vestry.

to be sworn and render an Account Way-Wardens to inform the Vestries of the Condition of the Roads, anc of the Repairs necessary. — To lay a Tax for repairing the Roads, if

not done by the Vestries -

Their Power in making and repainng Roads, and how far restrained

Penalty for not making Returns of new Roads laid out -

Penalty on Way-Wardens, appointed, not qualifying themselves. — Who only exempt from being Way-Wardens Penalty for not mending the Roads. — Required to inform the Justices o Negroes and Tools deficient, and whose

Penalty on the Way-Wardens concerned, for not keeping the Road from the Cave over the Mountains to the North-East Part of Westmore-land, in Repair -

WHARFS and Wharfingers.

Persons at Liberty to build Wharfs, and take up Shoal Water before their own Land - t -.

If Owners of Wharfs taking Payment for Goods landed, &c. the Wharf to be deemed publick -

How deemed Publick Wharfs

Rates of Wharfage -

Ditto -

Publick Wharfingers to keep Wharf-Books Penalty on Wharfingers for not keeping Cranes, Sheds, and Tarpaulins — Occupiers of Publick Wharfs in Kingston, to keep Wharf-Books, and

make proper Entries --

Weights to be examined twice in Twelve Months Wharfingers required to have one white Man, and the Owner to give in his Name upon Oath.* — To keep only three Slaves for each white Man

Occupiers of Wharfs to keep Scales and Weights, and the Rates for

weighing, and the Penalty for Neglect or Refusal -

Persons employed on Wharfs, if suspected of Pilferage, may be obliged to swear the Quantity and Quality of the Goods he has purloined —

WRITS.

Executions not to be taken out before Twenty-eight Days from the Judgment, except at Port-Royal. — And Negroes, Horses, and Plan-tation-Utensils, not to be taken, when Goods are offered for Satisfaction of the Debt and Costs -

Goods taken by Execution may be disposed of by the Defendant upon Notice given to the Marshal. — If not fold until Ten Days before the next Court, to be sold by the Provost-Marshal

NTot to lay Execution on Negroes, &c. where the Defendant shews any other Goods or Chattles penn'd --

A a.

162

ij6

90

74

30

44

54

44

54

44

54

169

60

19

Clause.

4

7

8

2>3 4> 5

2

3> 4 5

2

3» 5>

4

4 6

6 — 11

3 7

3

4

3

7

11

*3

x4> r5 l7

Damages

An ABRIDGMENT of the ACTS.

43

Levies.

Summons's.

Processes.

Venditioni.

Writs of Error.

Land.

Provost-

Marshal.

Writs of A r rest.

Freeholders.

Damages happening to Goods taken in Execution, in the Hands of the Defendant, to be his own Loss. — The Defendant not to transfer Property of Goods taken on Execution —

Though the Defendant is taken into Custody, another Execution may be

taken out, and levied on any of his Efiedts -

No Fees to be taken on Execution levied, but on Sums paid to the Plan-

tiff -

Executions lodged, from Seven to Eight, on Execution Day, to equally

bind Properties -

Executions lying dormant for more than One Year from the Time of the Return, (the Time of Martial Law not computed) to have no Force

against other Creditors, who lodge their Writs regularly -

Writs of Execution or Venditioni, not to be received or executed, unless

the Sum really due is marked -

Persons who have lodged Writs, and afterwards received Payment, &c.

to certify the same to the Provost-Marshal within Two Months — Provost-Marshal, [upon Levies made by him, being subject to prior

Executions, to make a Return of the fame -

Particulars of Levies to be described on all Returns -

The Deputy-Marshals, on receiving Summons's or Writs from the Provost-Marshal, to make Returns within a reasonable Time j or, upon Non-Service, or Non-Execution, to assign the Causes, and return the fame wrote and expressed on, or annexed to the Action, &c. — Summons's and other Procelfes, how to be served. — At what Time. —

When the Defendant may not appear -

Summons's to be served at Port-Royal, Fourteen Days before each Court — Venditioni Exponas, when to issue, and the Term of the Writ. — Goods

taken on Venditioni, how to be disposed of -

Act 26, Clause io, directing Sugar, &c. taken on this Writ, to be valued at Port-Royal, and delivered to the Defendant, repealed -

On Writs of Venditioni, no more Goods to be sold than will be sufficient to pay Debt and Costs -

Directions how Slaves and Cattle taken on Venditioni shall be fold--

Negroes and Catde taken on Venditioni, to be sold in Fourteen Days after taken -

On Writs lodged against more than one for the fame Debt, Poundage

only to be taken for the Money due -

Persons bringing frivolous Writs of Error, to pay double Costs -

Writs of Sale of Land to be issued, on Nulla Bona being returned to

Executions -

Provost-Marshal to receive Directions from the Plantiff, on what Lands to execute this Writ, (which is not to extend to Houses and Works, except with the whole Premises.) — And to give Fourteen Days Notice to,the Defendant; and to summon a Jury of Freeholders in the

Neighbourhood -

Services at the Suit of the Provost-Marshal, in his own Right, how to be

proved -

Penalty for marking Writs for more than is due, in order to distress — Writs and other Process directed to the Provost-Marshal, to be returned

in Eight Days from the Meeting of the Court -

No Person to be arrested, or held to special Bail, unless Affidavit made of the Cause of Action. — The Sum to be specified on the Back of the Declaration.--- The Provost-Marshal not to execute any Arrest

without such Indorsement, nor to take Bail for more than the Sum

marked -

Not to extend to make Freeholders liable to Arrests -

Writs not to debar the Plaintiff from the Benefit of any other Writs, to which he was before entitled 184 13

Att. Clause

19 18

- l9

105 5

- 6

- 7

- 12

J4 7 6

- 6

105 9

H7 1

19 13

105 18

l9 16

184 17

105 8

- 10

- l7

- 11

184 5

- 7

- 8, 9,10

189 2

105 J3

r 9

i95 1

"* 2

FINIS.

