Montserrat

CODE

of LAWS

From 1688, to 1788.

London

Printed, by Order of the Council and Assembly of His Majesty's Island of Montserrat, by Robert Hindmarsh, Printer to His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, for J. Anderson, No. 62, Holborn-Hill.

MDCCXC.

INDEX

TO THE

Laws of Montserrat,

From 1668, to 1740.

[Passed 1668.]

AN Act for new-granting, settling, and confirming the Duty, Impost, or Custom of Four and an Half per Cent, of the Growth of this Island of Montserrat.

An Act declaring the former Grant of the Duty of Four and an Half per Cent, lost and null within this Island, &c. Page 1

An Act for new-granting and confirming the Duty or Custom of Four and an Half per Cent. 2

An Act for condemning all Lands lost to his Majesty in the said Island of Montserrat, 3

An Act for reinvesting all Proprietors in their Lands, ibid.

An Act for the raising a Maintenance for a preaching Minister, 5

An Act for the speedy erecting and building of a Place for the Court of Judicature, now or hereafter to be erected in this Island, to be kept in; and for the speedy erecting of Beacons in the several Parts of this Island.

An Act against all such Persons as neglect their Duty at Musters, or are disobedient to their Commanders, or are negligent in performing their Duty upon the Watch, or at Rendezvous, or in their March; and to prevent Persons lifted in one Division from removing into another, without lawful Notice given to their Commander; as also for making Provision for the raising of a Magazine in this Island.

An Act for the speedy building of a Town at Brisket’s Bay, in the Island aforesaid.

An Act for settling of the Secretary's Fees, and Marshal’s Fees, in the Island aforesaid.

An Act against opprobrious Language, 6

An Act to prevent the Trouble of Jurors in Actions not exceeding One Thousand Pounds of Sugar.

iv Index to the Laws of Montserrat.

[Passed 1669.]

An Act touching the Merchants selling of Liquors; and that the Keepers of Taphouses do not exact in selling of their Liquors for Money. &c.

An Act for paying of Tobacco in Leaf, &c.

An Act for planting of Provisions, and disannulling of Writings made out of the Secretary’s Office.

[1670.]

An Act for reducing the Trade of this Island. into Three certain Towns in the same; and for Encouragement of those who shall bring any Foreign Corn into this Island.

An Act for restraining the Liberty of Negroes, and to prevent the running away of Christian Servants, &c. Page 8

An Act for the repairing the Highways in the aforesaid Island, and for keeping them so.

An Act touching such as shall buy any Sorts of Liquors on Board any Ships or other Vessels in this Island, and against those who shall sell any Liquors in or upon this Island without Licence.

An Act to prevent the Abuse committed by paying of such Indigo and Sugar as are not fit to be received; and that the Sugars made in and upon this Island shall not pass under the Rates in this Act mentioned.

An Act that the Bounds of every Person or Persons Land in and upon this Island be examined.

[1672.]

An Act for the raising of a Levy on all Lands in this Island, and the Inhabitants thereof; and, for the building of a Court-house and Prison.

An Act for the speedy making of a Platform in the New Fort of this Island, for the Guns to be planted there,

[1668.]

An Act for the Observation of the Lord’s Day, 9

An Act of free Trade for Merchants and Traders, reserving to the Governor Four and twenty Hours for his Particular with the Inhabitants; and for preventing the Fraud in Quality or Quantity of Weights and Measures, 10

An Act against Ingrossers of Commodities, and Forestallers of Goods.

An Act to prevent Merchants or Factors in this Island from selling Goods left with them at a dearer Rate than the first Merchant sold, upon Pain of One thousand Pounds of Tobacco.

An Act for viewing, sealing, and allowing Merchants Weights and Measures.

An Act for Masters of Ships, Boats, or Vessels that come to anchor in the Road of this Island, to enter into Bond within Four and twenty Hours in th ’ Secretary’s Office, not to transport any Person front the Island with out Licence from the Office under the Governor’s Hand, and to have Licence of Trade from the Office before they sell their Goods, &c.

An Act for the Marshal's attending the Governor once in every Four and twenty Hours, &c. 10

An Act against going through Fields of Canes with lighted Pipes, &c. 11.

An Act against Slaves going from their Master’s Plantation on the Lord’s Day, and against such as entertain any Runaways, &c.

An Act against Negroes and Slaves that presume to go from their Masters Plantation without Licence tender their Hands, &c.

Index to the Laws of Montserrat. v

[Passed 1673.]

An Act impowering Justices of the Peace to order Labourers Wages; and restraining Persons going on Board Ships or other Vessels. 1673.

[1675.]

An Act restraining Physicians high Fees, and fining Rum-works

An Act for the speedy fixing of Fire-arms, and also for the Encouragement of Workmen.

[1677.]

An Act prohibiting the Importation of Fyall Wine, and all Liquors to be entered before landed, and an Impost on the same.

An Act Confirming Levies formerly raised; Treasurer's Notes to be accepted; Minister and Clerk's Salary; and Cattle's trespassing.

[1678.]

An Act about contracting Marriages; and the Governor, Secretary, and Marshal to be free from all Taxes, Page 11

[1679.]

An Act against Negroes wanderings and the Concealors thereof.

[1680.]

An Act imposing a Duty of Powder on all the Growth or Manufacture of Sugar, Tobacco, or Indigo transported from this Island.

An Act restraining the Alignment of Bonds and Bills, without Consent of Parties, and Session Two several Times in the Year; no Jury to be under One Thousand Pounds of Sugar.

An Act for the making Restitution for Cattle stolen by Negroes; and Licences for Taphouses in Town and Country, 12

[1693.]

An Act against Blasphemy, and for preventing Disorders in Alehouses, Taverns and Victualling-houses, and for rating Liquors sold by Retail.

An Act for preventing Abuses that arise by Persons going on Board Vessels before the Master hath made his Appearance to the Governor; and for the better ordering Boats and, Wherries, 14

An Act to restrain the Insolence of Slaves, and for preventing them from committing any Outrages, as also the better ordering such Slaves, &c. 16

An Act for the encouraging the Importation of white Servants, 19

An Act for the settling the Militia of this Island, 21

An Act for the easing of Tenants in Part, from the great Taxes already raised and to be raised during the War, and assessing of Landlords.

[1696.]

An Act to enable Robert Blake, Esquire, to fell the Plantation of Nicholas Lynch deceased, for the Payment of his Debts.

---

An Act for the proportionating of the Work on the Trenches, etnd the Reparation of the Fort at the Tozxin, of Kingsale; and for repairing and amending the public Roads and Highways of the Island of oresaid, 26

An Act for a Donation to the Honorable Colonel Thomas Delavall, Lieute- 1697, nant-governor of this Island.

An Act for tafing a Levy or Tax for dfraying and discharging the public Debts of this his Majesty's Island.

An Act to prevent the Disputes and Contrbverjies which have lately happened xyoOi. by the Payment of Money in lieu of the Commodity made or produced in this Island, and to regulate the fame for the future.

Index to the LAWS of Montserrat.

Palled

1700.

1702.

1704-5.

1705.

1710.

1711.

1712.

1712.]3.

1714.

An Act for quieting Mens Lfates, and for avoiding litigious Law flitsfor Lands and Plantations in this her Majestys If and.

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, and for preventing the cutting down or clearing the funding Woods, Underwoods, Copjes, or Bufiies which grow by the Sides of Rivers and Brooks in this If and, 29

An Act impowering Justices of the Peace to decide Differences not exceeding Six Pounds, 31.

An Act to prevent Hazards and Inconveniencies that may happen by Thatcht Houses in the Tozun of Plymouth; and clandefine Dealings with Negroes,-

32

An Act determining the Sitting of Assemblies, and regulating the Llcdlions . of the same.

An Act to prevent burning or breaking of Canes, 35

An Act for raifng a Levy or Tax for defraying or discharging the public Debts, and the Support of the Government.

An Act for the quartering Two Companies of Soldiers now in the If and, under the Command of Captain Maurice A’herne, and Captain William Moore.

An Act for repairing the several Ports and Platforms in this If and.

An Act for quieting Pqffefions, and for the better securing and confirming the Titles of Lands in this if and, 36

An Act to revive an Act, intituled, An Act for settling the Rates of Impost on Liquors and Licences, and for enabling the Treasurer for the Time being to collect the same.

An Act to revive an Act to impower the Treasurer for the Time being, or his Deputy, to seize all Liquors which are in any Person’s Custody that prelume to fell Liquors by Retail without Licence.

An Act for raifng a Levy or Tax to defray and dfcharge the public Debts, and for the Support of this If and.

An Act to levy a Tax on all such dry Goods and, Merchandize as shall be imported to this Island from Europe, to help to defray the contingent. Charges thereof.

An Act intituled, A Powder Act.

An Act for raifng a Fund to carry on an Undertaking for the recovering of the Losses of this Island lately fifi aimed by the French. "

An Act for the securing Debts due to any Person from the Public who by the latelnvafion hath lofi their Adjuflments, formerly settled by the Government.

An Act for repealing a certain Clause in an Act made in the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act to restrain the Insolencies of Slaves, and for preventing them from committing any Outrages, as also for the better ordering such Slaves, 38

An Act to impower the Farmer of the Liquors and Licences to collect all and fngular the Dues and Duties arising from the same.

Index to the LAWS of Montserrat.

An Act to continue a former AElfor laying an Impqfition on Wines and Palled other Liquors imported in this Island. 1714.

An Act for the unthatching all Thatcht Houses in the Town of Plymouth.

An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, A Powder Act; and for appointing an Impofi of Powder on each Ton of Goods of the Growth of this Island, that all Ships, Sloops, &c. trading to this Islandshall take on Board.

An Act to repeal the Act, intituled. The Six Pound Act. 17^5-

An Act for granting unto the Honourable Thomas Talniach, Esquire, Lieutenant-governor of this Island, the feverdl Rates and Duties upon Wines and other Liquors, and upon Licences for Sale thereof*

An Act for raising a Levy or Tax.

An Act to prevent the making corrupt Indigo* 1717*

An Act for the reducing of interestfrom Ten to Six per Cent. 1717-18.

An Act for the appointing William Nevin, Esquire, Agent for the If and of 1718* Montserrat.

An Act for the prohibiting levying of Executions from the left of August to Ihefirst o/" March.

An Act for raising a Levy or Poll Tax, and Assessment upon Trading Men,

&c. to pay off the public Debts of this If ana.

An Act for the punishng such Persons as fiall detain other Persons Slaves or I7 19.' Servants, Page 39

An Act for the exempting the several Members of the Council and Assembly, and other Persons, from Arrefs on public Days, 40

A Repeal of an Act, whereby the Ditties on Wines and other Liquors, and 1721* upon Licences, are given to the Honourable Thomas Talmach, Esquire; and for appointing the former Duties to be levied on Wines, and other strong Liquors imported into this Island.

An Act for raising a Levy or Poll Tax, and for taxing and assessing of the Houses in the Town of Plymouth, to pay off the public Debts of this Island.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Du- 1721^2. ties upon the Impofl of dry Goods and Liquors, &c, and for the Payment of Five Hundred Pounds annually to his Excellency John Hart, Esquire, Captain-general, and Governor in Chiff of all his Majesty s Leeward Cha-ribbee //lands mAmerica.

An Act for raising a Levy or' Poll Tax, for taxing the everal Houses within the Town of Plymouth, and for qffeffing each respective Trader within the said Island.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Du- 1722< ties upon the Imposts of Beef, Pork, Herrings, See. towards defraying the annual Expences of the Honourable Charles Dilke, Esquire, Lieutenant-governor.

b

Art

VIII

Passed

1722.

1723-4.

1724.

172 6. 1728-9.

1729.

1730.

1732.

1732"3-

*733-

Index to the LAWS of Montserrat.

An Act for the preventing keeping Canoes, unless fujji.cie.nt Security be given; and to prevent Members of the Council and Assembly signing any Adjvft-ments out of their r effective Houses, Page 40

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, certain Duties upcm the Impojl of Liquors, and upon House Rent and Mills in this Island, for the Payment of Five Hundred Pounds annually to his Excellency John Hart, Esquire, Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of all his Majestys Leeward Charifabee Islands in America.

An Act for raffing a Levy or Poll Tax, towards paying and discharging the Debts of this Island.

An Act to prevent the frequenting of Taverns, Alehoufs, and oth r Tippling-housesby Seamen; and for the preventing the felling of Rum, Ruin Punch, or other Liquors, to Aegroes on Sundays, 42

An Act for holding a Court of General S-ssions, 43

An Act for raffing a Levy or Poll Tax.

An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succejfiors, certain Duties upon the Impost of Liquors, and upon House Rent in the Tozvn of Plymouth, and Mills in this If and, for the Payment of Six Hundred Pounds per Annum, in the Species of Gold or Silver, unto his Excellency Thomas Earl ^/ Londonderry, Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of all his Majesty s Leeward Charibbee fflands in America.

An Act for the efablifiing of a. Court of King's-bench and Common-pleas, and a Cotart of Errors, and for the morefpeedy Execution offustice; and for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Of icers taking other Fees than allozvcd in a Docket settled by his Excellency, by the Advice of the Council, At:

An Act of Settlement and Limitations, for avoiding Suits at Lazo, 55

An Act for the Encouragement of Artifcers and Labourers to recover Debts not exceeding Six Pounds, gj

An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, An Act impowering Justices of the Peace to decide Differences not exceeding Six Pounds.

An Act for raffing a Levy or Poll Tax, and for ctffijjing of the Houses in the Tozun of Plymouth.

An Act for naturalizing Tohn Lindefay, Tohn Lindefav junior, and Tofepli Lindefay, Dutch Protcfants.

An Act for naturalizing William Vessunp, Maria Vessunp, Maria Vessunp junior, Anna Vessunp, Elizabeth Vessunp, John Veflunp, Baltazar Vemmp, Hans Peter Dorns, and Cornelius Duurloo, Dutch Protcfants.

An Act for corflituting a Court Merchant.

An Act for felling Flour, Biscuit, Corn, and Oates by Weight, 58

An Act for raffing a Levy or Poll Tax, and for assessing the Houses in the Tozsm of Plymouth,

Index to the LAWS of Montserrat.

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for holding a Court Faffed of General Sessions, Page 59 1733.

An Act to amend a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for establishing of a Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for the more speedy Execution of Justice; and for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket settled by his Excellency, by the Advice of the Council, 60

An Act for the more speedy Building of a Church in the Parish of St. Anthony, in the Island aforesaid.

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency William 1734. Mathew, Esquire, Chief Governor of these islands, during his Government; and for continuing the Duties on Liquors and Licences.

An Act for raising a Levy or Poll Tax, and for assessing the Houses in the Town of Plymouth.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Dispatch of the public Bufness of this Island.

An Act for the better preserving and taking Care of the Parifi Church of St. Anthony, and the Inclosure thereof as afo the Inclosure round the old Church-yard, 62

An Act for the encouraging the Loan of Money by Factors or Merchants in 1735* Great Britain, to Persons ref ding in this Island, 63

An Act for the reducing of Interest from Ten to Eight per Cent. 64

An Act for building a Magazine, and for putting in Order the Forts and Batteries within this Island, and mounting the Camion thereon.

An Act for confituting a Court Merchant. 1735-6*

An Act for ra.ifng a Levy or Poll Tax, and for qffejfiig the Houses in tin Town of Plymouth.

An Act for the more effectual preventing all Trade in these Parts, between iyo(j. His Majestys Subjects and the French, 64

An Act for the further Refriction of Slaves, by prohibiting them from planting any Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa; and from keeping a public Market on Sundays; and for further restraining licentious Meetings of Negroes, 67

An Act for raif ng a Levy or Poll Tax, and for assessing the Houses in the 1736-7. Town ^/"Plymouth.

An Act for appointing John Yeamans, Esquire, Agent for this Island, and 1737. for providing a Rccompencefor his Trouble, and settling Method for his better Management of that Trust.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Dispaich of the public Bufness of 1738. this Island, 6g

An Act to explain and amend an Act., intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, and for preventing the cutting down or clearing the Sanding Woods, Underwoods, Copses, or Bushes which grow by the Sides of the Rivers and Brooks in this Island, 70

Index to the LAWS of Montserrat.

Palled An Act for raising a Levy or Poll Tax, and for taxing the Hoafes and

1738* Livers in the Town of Plymouth.

An Act for repairing Plymouth Fort and Magazine, and for featuring the Townfrom any future Eruption of Waterfrom the Fort Quit.

1739- An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Hovfcs in the Town of Plymouth.

1739'4°- An Act for preventing clandefine Marriages in the Island of Montserrat,

Page 73.

1740.

An Act for the better Recovery of Debts from Judges, and others, Ministers of the Law in this If and, and for obliging them to put in Special Bail upon Warrants of Arref, 74

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth.

An Act impowering the Jufices of the Court of General Scfions to appoint. Surveyors of the Highways, and for the Toxon of Plymouth, on Faihtre of their being appointed, as by former Acts directed, nc

rar

THE

LAWS

OF

MONTSERRAT.

By his Excellency William Lord Willoughby of Parham, Captain-general, and Chief Governor of Barbadoes, and the rest of the Charibbee IfLands, the Honourable Council, and several Representatives of the Inhabitants of this Wand:

An' Act declaring the former Grant of the Duty of Four 2.

and an Half per Cent, loft and nidi within this If and See,

WHEREAS, during tire late War betwixt our Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, the French King, and the United Netherlands, our laid Majesty loft several of his If lands in the West Indies, being fubduedby several Forces commanded under Monsieur Le Febrile Delabar, and aftifted by that inhumane barbarous People the Indians, and amongst others, this Island also being loft, as aforesaid, thereby all the Constitutions of Government, Lands, and Grants for Lands, were allb destroyed, together with the Grant

for, and Duty of Four and an Half per Cent.

which was formerly settled in this Place; be it therefore ordained and enabled, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Authority afore-

A said,

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1658. said, That the said former Custom, Impost or Duty of Four and an Half per Cent, is, to all Intents and Purposes, become void and null, and also any

Custom, £3c. Act and Thing concerning the same, by reason of the Conquefh aforesaid. Cent, void by and the fame is hereby declared null and void accordingly.

reason of Conquest.

By his Excellency William Lord Willoughby of Parham, Captain-general and Chief Governor of Barbadoes, and the rest of the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable Council, and the several Representatives of the several Inhabitants of this I Hand

3- An Act for new-granting and confirming the Duty or Custom

of Four and an Half per Cent.

WHEREAS, by reason of late Conquests obtained by the French King on all the Inhabitants of this his Majesty's Island, all Manner of Civil Government, the several Constitutions, Grants, and particular Properties of all of his said Majesty's Subjects were destroyed and loft within this his said Island: And whereas, among the rest, the former Grant and Settlement of the Custom or Duty of Four and an Half'per Cent, became void, null, and of none Effect, as may also more plainly appear by an Act of this Country, bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of April instant, in that Cafe made and provided; therefore be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from 4h per Cent, and after the Day of the Date hereof, anewlmpost or Custom of Four continued. anq an Half per Cent, shall be paid out of all the Commodities of the Growth of this Island, which shall be exported out of this Island by every such Transporter, unto the Use of his said Majesty King Charles, &c. his Heirs and Successors for ever, and the fame is and shall be hereby confirmed on his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in as full and ample Manner as ever the fame was heretofore paid, granted, and confirmed in Barbadoes, or any other of his said Majesty's Islands of Nevis, &c. and whosoever shall unduly [hip any Goods of the Growth of this Island in any Shallop, Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, without due Entry first made, and Payment made or secured to be made for the Custom or Duty, in the Cuf-tom-house that shall be appointed to receive such Entries, the Custom or Duty growing thereupon, shall lose all such Goods; the One Half to his said Majesty, the other Half to the Seizer of the fame, which shall be recoverable in his said Majesty's Courts here, by Bill of Complaint, or the like.

By

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

3

By his Excellency William Lord Willoughby of Parham, Captain-general and Chief Governor of Barb ado es, and the rest of the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable Council, and the several Representatives of the Inhabitants of this Island:

An Act for condemning all Lands lof to his Majesty in the said If and of Montserrat.

FORASMUCH as the late unhappy War arose between our Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, S’c. the French King, and the States of the United Netherlands, by Means whereof those of his said Majesty's Subjects, situate on this Side the Tropick, were Sharers in several Misfortunes of the said War, several of his said Majesty's Islands in these Parts, being by an irresistable Power conquered and subdued by the French King’s Forces, and Ships of War, under the Command and Condufl of Monlieur Le Februe De'lahar, Captain-general to the French King, in the West Indies, assisted with the Indian Canibals, amongst which Conquests, this Island also was fully subdued to the Obedience of the said French King, notwithstanding all Resistance possible was made against the Enemy by the Inhabitants of the fame, Two Governors being commissio-nated and settled here to transact the said French King’s Affairs, which said Island was afterwards resettled and restored by several Ships and Forces pertaining to his said Majesty King Charles the Second, &V. so that all this Island thereby is become loll unto his said Majesty our Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, 53c. therefore be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enafied and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the former Proprietors of Lands within this Island, (whether present here or absent) their and every of their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and all Manner of Persons whatsoever, claiming for, by, or under them, have, to all Intents and Purposes, loft all and every Part and Parcel-of their respective Lands to his said Majesty, as .aforesaid, and their and every of their former Grants, Patents, and Titles to their and every of their Lands, are hereby deemed loft to his said Majesty accordingly.

By his Excellency William Lord Willoughby of Parham, Captain-general and Chief Governor of Barbadoes, and the rest of the Charibbee Islands, the Honourable Council, and Assembly of the said Island of Montserrat:

An Act for reinvefing all Properties in their Lands.

W

King,

WHEREAS a late unhappy War happened between our Gracious Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, 53c. the French and the United Netherlands, by Means whereof several bad

0 4-

Lands loft to his Majesty,

5-

4

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 1668.

Accidents befel our said Majesty's Subjects in these Parts of the

World, several of his Hlands being conquered by an overpowering Force v ’ both by Sea and Land, under the Conduit of Monsieur Le Februe Dclahar, Captain-general to the Laid French King in America, being assisted by the bloody and barbarous Indians, during which War the like Conquest by the French King was obtained over and upon our said Majesty's Subjects in this Island, the fame for a certain Time being possessed and governed by the said French King’s Commission, by Means whereof all the Lands in this Island belonging to all Persons, both present and absent, are become loft to our said Majesty, he having since regained the same to his own v Obedience by his Forces, according to the declared Wishes and Desires of these Inhabhants, all which Lands accordingly, by an Act of this Country, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of April instant, are enacted and ordained to be loft, to all Intents and Purposes, unto his said Majesty King Charles the Second, £?c\ now forasmuch as that the several Inhabitants of this Island (if not encouraged to stay and abide here) are likely speedily to desert this Island, to the Prejudice of our said Majesty's Interest in these Parts, if a timely Remedy shall not be in that Cafe made and provided: For the Prevention therefore of the aforesaid Inconveniency, it is enacted x nds vest an<^ ordaiiied, and be it hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority edinPropri- aforesaid, That all and every of the late Proprietors of Land in this Island etori. are hereby reinveiled in all and singular their Plantations, Lands, Immunities, and Appurtenances, which lately they enjoyed, and the same to hold, occupy, enjoy, and possess, to him and them, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for ever, and that they shall and may, when reasonably delire d, have the fame so confirmed, by Patent under the Great Seal of Barbadoes, and the rest of the Charibbee Islands, for that Purpose by his said Majesty appointed, excepting, and always excepted, any Lands ex- Thing aforesaid to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, all the Lands cepted, hereafter mentioned, to say, all the Land of Anthony Brifkett, Esquire;

also excepted, all that Plantation of Mr. William Carr’s, given him by Governor OJborve, Northward, esteemed Three Hundred Acres, more or less, and religned by him, laving Liberty to Francis Francklin of Nevis, for an Hundred and Thirteen and an Half Acres, if well-settled in Twelve Months; also excepted, that Plantation called, The Merchants of London’s Plantation, to say, Mark Mortimer, and others. Northward, Three Hundred Acres, more or less; also excepted, that Plantation of Mr. Potts of Plymouth, Northward, Two Plundred Acres, more or less, unless in Twelve Months the fame shall be well-settled and furnifiled with a competent Number of Men, able Men for Arms; and also excepted, William Will-cox’s Plantation, Northward, One Hundred and Fifty Acres, more or less, unless in Twelve Months the fame be settled as by Mr. Potts is mentioned to be settled: and also excepted, that Plantation of Mr. Irish, Northward, sometime called The Cow Pasture, One Hundred and Fifty Acres, more or less, unless in Twelve Months the same shall be so settled, as aforesaid; as also excepted, that Plantation formerly of Lieutenant Stevens, Northward, being Three Hundred Acres, more or less, religned by Alexander Roli-Jbn, in lieu of that Parcel of Land to be confirmed on him which was formerly appertaining to Thomas Andrews at the Garden, being One Hundred Acres, more or less, reserving to Daniel Jones what Interest by a former Bill of Sale expressed to pertain to him, and Fifty Acres more of the Land adjoining, never before taken up; also excepted, the Land and Plantation of the Widow Bently, Northward, containing Four Hundred Acres, more or less, if the same shall not be well-settled by her in Twelve Months Time from the Day of the Date hereof, with a competent Number ol Men able to bear Arms for the Defence of the Island, suitable to such

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 5

a Quantity of Land; also excepted, all the Land of Colonel 0(borne, late Governor here, being absent from this Island, unless in Twelve Months Time 1658. from the Day of the Date hereof, all his laid Land shall be well-settled by ' v •him, and furnished with a competent Number of Men able to bear Arms for the defending of this Island; also excepted, all that Plantation formerly pof-lefled by Lucus Codory, absent from this Island, with all his Family, unless the same shall be lettfed by him in like Manner as is alone declared in the Cafe of Colonel OJb orne aforesaid, being One Hundred and Fifty Acres, more oriels; all’o excepted, that Plantation of Colonel Devereux, unless settled in the fa.me Manner as aforesaid; also excepted, all those Lands for-merly called and owned as pertaining to Doflor Peter De'laroufe deceased,

•being Six Hundred Acres, more or less; as also excepted, all the Lands •about Carr River, unless the same shall in Six Months .be well-lettled, to ’the Content of the Governor and Council of this Island.

By the Honourable Colonel William Stapleton, Governor of the Island aforesaid, his Council, and the Gentlemen of the Assembly, the several Representatives of the several Inhabitants of the said Island:

An Act for the raising a Maintenance for a preaching 0° 6.

Mini/ler.

WHEREAS this Island hath, since the late War in these We'stern Parts, and the reducing^of the same to the Obedience of our Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second, &c. been much dellitute of a preaching Minister, which hath caused many Breaches o’f the Sabbath, and a general Neglect of public Worship, &c. to the Dishonour of Almighty God, and scandalizing of the Protellant Religion; for preventing of which for the future, be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That, by the lirlt Conveniency that may be, an able preaching Orthodox Minister be procured, for per- A M-nifter forming of public Worship, and preaching of God's holy Wor-d, and ad-to be ap-:ministering the Sacraments of Baptism and the Lord’s Supper, and other pointed. Rites and Ceremonies of the Church, in this Island of Montferral, according to the Canons of the .Church 'O^i. England, and the known Laws of the said Realm.

II. And it is hereby further enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Maintenance of such able preaching Minister, the full and just Quantity of Fourteen Thousand Pounds of Sugar, or the Va-lue thereof in Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, or Indigo,-be yearly raised or le- ’ vied of and from the several Inhabitants of this Island, according to their several Abilities, by Way of Levy, or otherwise-; and that all and every the Quantities of Sugar, Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, or Indigo, so to be levied for the Maintenance of any such preaching Minister, shall be paid amto the Treasurer, now or hereafter to be appointed for the said Island,

£ and

6

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

tVC-1 and die lame to be paid by such Treasurer unto such able preaching Minis-, 10' j ter, upon lawful Demand: Provided always, and the true Intent and and Duty Meaning of the Authority aforesaid, and this Act, is. That every such able preaching Miniller, which by this Act shall be capable to receive the aforesaid yearly Salary or Stipend of Fourteen Thousand Pounds of Sugar, or the Value thereof in Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, or Indigo, shall not deny the baptizing of any Infants born of any of the Inhabitants of this llland, being brought unto him to the Church, or public Place of Worship, without demanding an)' Payment for the administering the Sacrament of Baptismto such Infant or Infants, according to the Canons and Constitutions of the Church of England, nor for Churching of Women, according also to the Place aforesaid : Provided also, That no such preaching Miniller shall demand any more than One Hundred Pounds of Sugar, or the Value thereof in Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, or Indigo, for the joining together any of the Inhabitants of this Island in the holy and lawful Estate of Matrimony; neither shall any such preaching Miniller deny the burying of any of the Inhabitants of this llland, who shall depart this Life in the said llland, and to be buried in the fame, upon Requell to him made by any Person or Persons to that Purpose, without demanding or taking any Thing for so doing; excepted always out of this Acti, all such Funeral Sermons which any such preaching Miniffer shall be desired or employed to preach, for which it shall and may be lawful to and for such preaching Minister to agree for with any Person or Persons that shall desire him to perform the same.

By the Honourable Colonel William Stapleton, Governor of the llland aforesaid, the Honourable Council, and Gentlemen of the Assembly, the several Representaiives of the several Inhabitants of the Island aforesaid

0° 11.

An Act against opprobrious Language.

Penalty for opprobrious Language.

WHEREAS there are several scandalous and opprobrious Persons, who have no Respect for Government, nor the Persons lawfully conllituted for due adminiflcring of Justice and good Government, in this Island; which, in Process of Time, if not duly prevented, may, through their scandalous, ruinous, and opprobrious Speeches, over-lhadow the good Government and Administers of Justice in this Island with the staple Clouds of Reproach and Infamy, contrary to the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity, and to the great Damage and Discouragement of the public Officers, not now only in this Island, but to all such as for the future shall be thought fit, or cholen to bear public Employ in this Island : For the Prevention whereof for the future, and punishing all those as shall offend in the Premisses, be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That ip from and after the First Day of December next ensuing the Date hereof, any Person or Persons, either Inhabitant or Stranger, Inhabitants or Stangers, of

what

7

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

what Degree or Quality soever, shall presume, either by Writing, verbally, ,-'--,

•or other Ways or Means, to scandalixe or abuse any of the Gentlemen of the Council in this Island, now or h.ereafter to be lawfully chosen, defiled, v •and (worn by the Governor for the Time being, his Successor or Successors, shall for every Time so offending pay to the immediate or any future Treasurer for this island the full and just Quantity of Five Thousand Pounds of Sugar, or the Value thereof in Tobacco, Cotton, Wool, or Indigo, for the public Use of this Island; and if, in Manner and Form aforesaid, any such Inhabitant or Stranger, Inhabitants or Strangers, shall scandalize and abuse .any of the Gentlemen of the Assembly, or any other public Officer or Officers in this Island, now or hereafter to be lawfully chosen. elected, and sworn by the Governor for the Time being, and his Council, or the several Inhabitants of this Island, foall for every Time so offending pay unto the Treasurer aforesaid, 53 c. the full and just Quantity of Five Hundred Pounds of Sugar, or the Value thereof in Tobacco, Colton, V\ ool, or Indigo, to the Use aforesaid : but if he or file so offending in the Premisses shall not be of a Capacity to satisfy his, her, or their Fine aforesaid, then he, she, or they shall be liable to liana to, and abide such Corporal Punishment that the immediate Governor and Council of the Island aforesaid, or their Successors, shall inflidl upon any such Offender or Offenders: Provided always, and the true Intent and Meaning of the Authority aforesaid, and this Act, is. That upon no Pretence or Allegation, Equivocation, or mental Reservation whatsoever:, any such Person or Persons so offending in the Premisses, and being lawfully convicted thereof before the immediate Governor, or any Two of the Council, or any One Justice of the Peace, lawfully commissionated in this Island, their Successor or Successors, by the lawful Oath of One or Two credible Witnesses, shall be exempted from paying any of the Fines aforesaid, and, if not of Ability to satisfy the fame, from any such Corporal Punishment that shall be on he, file, or they so offending in Manner and Form aforesaid inflicted; any Law,

TJfage, or Custom in this Island to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas also there are several Persons of his Majesty's Subjects of his Three Nations, that is to say, England, Scotland, and Ireland, residing in this Island, and oftentimes, as well in Drink as f'ober, certain Words •of Diflindlion do arise between his Majesty's Subjects of the said Three Nations, as English Dog, ScoU’s Dog, Tory, Iri/li Dog, Cavalier, and Round-head, and many other opprobrious, scandalous, and disgraceful Terms, to the Breach of his Majesty's Peace, 53c. and by certain Ouar-.rels that may arise by Reason of such ill Language by the several Natives of the said Three Nations, to the endangering the Loss of the Lives of many of his Majesty's good Subjects of the Three Nations, which now are or hereafter shall be remaining, inhabiting, or abiding on this his Majesty's Island of Monfferrai; the Authority aforesaid therefore, taking the fame into their serious Consideration, and being willing, with all Expedition to prevent all the Inconveniences, as Murders, Riots, Routs, Assaults, Batteries, and unlawful Assemblies that may happen in this Island, to the Breach of his Majesty's Peace, and Destruction of his Majesty's good Subjects here likewise, should such Terms of Diflindlion be suffered between the Natives of the Three Kingdoms, do therefore enadl and ordain, and be it hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if from and after the First Day of December herein before mentioned, any Person or Persons, Stranger or Inhabitant, Strangers or Inhabitants, of what Quality or Degree soever, shall presume to use, utter, or declare any of the Terms of Diflindlion afore mentioned, or any other scandalous or opprobrious Terms, of, in, or to any of his Majesty's Subject or .Sub-

8

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1658. jetis of the aforesaid Three Kingdoms, or to any other Natives living un-

tier his Majesty's Peace in this liland; he, she, or they lb offending shall

Party-words proceeded against as Violaters and Breakers of his Majesty's Peace in •of Distine- tiffs Island, and Hand to and abide all such Fines, Penal or Corporal Pu-tion. nishments, as shall be imposed and inflicted upon every such Offender or Offenders by the Governor and Council for the Time being, or their Suc-•cellors; but if it shall happen that any Affrays, Murders, Bloodlheds, Riots, Routs, or unlawful AUemblies shall be had, made, or stirred up in this Island, by Reason of any such Word or Words of Diffinfiion before mentioned, or any other, the Person or Persons who shall, by Two credible Witnesses upon Oath, be proved to be the Cause thereof, be proceeded against as a Mutineer or Mutineers, and Perturbators and Diffurbers of his Majesty's Peace, &c. in this his Majesty's Island of MontJ'errat, in such Manner and Form as usually Mutineers are by Law proceeded against; any Law, Usage, or Custom of this Island to the contrary' thereof formerly had, uled, or made, in any wise notwithstanding.

By the Honourable Colonel William Stapleton; Governor of the aforesaid Island, the Council, and Gentlemen of the Assembly, the several Representatives of the several Inhabitants of the said Island:

1670.

17. An Act for ref raining the Liberty of Negroes, and to prevent the running azuay of Christian Servants, &c.

WHEREAS there is a general Complaint in this Island of the Liberty' that Negroes do act’ume unto themselves, in going from one Plantation to another on she Sabbath-day, and on other Day's and Nights, by' Means whereof many of the Inhabitants of the Island aforesaid arff much prejudiced : And whereas many Freemen and Christian Servants are accustomed to combine with Negroes in running away' from the said Island, and the Authority aforesaid taking the fame into Consideration, and that speedy Course may be taken for Prevention of such Abuses; it is therefore enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, and be it hereby' enafft-3-oitering ed and ordained. That lor the future all Owners of Negro or Negroes in or Slaves to^rc- Upon tltis Island, or Overseers or others, that shall have any Hrange Negro or Negroes come unto his or their Plantation, either by Day or by' Night, on Pretence of any lawful Occasions, and any such Negro or Negroes that shall loiter after Notice given unto him, her, or them to repair unto his or their Master, Owner, or Overseer, the Owner or Owners, Overseer or Overseers of any such Plantation, where any such Negro or Negroes, or any other Slave or Slaves shall so loiter, shall forthwith take any such loitering or runaway Slave, and punish him, her, or them, and fend them Home unto the Owners thereof; and all such Negro or Negroes, or Slaves, as shall conceal, harbour, entertain, relieye, or luocour any such Loiterer or Loiterers in his or their Cabbin or Cabbins, shall be by the Owner or Owners, or Overseers of any fu clt Concealer or Concealers, &c. forthwith taken before the next Justice of the Peace in this Island, and there, in the Presence of the said Justice, exercise the Punishment of Forty' Lashes

upon

pair to Matters on the firtt Notice given them.

on Penally of 40 Lashes.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

upon him or them that shall To conceal, &c. any such Negro or Negroes, or ,-

any other Slave or Slaves; and all such Owners or Overseers as shall ne- i6jo. glecl so to do, shall, upon Proof thereof, be lined Five Hundred Pounds ' v" ’ of good Muscovado Sugar, to and for the Use of the Public of the afore- Penally on said island; any Usage or Custom in this Hland to the contrary in any wile Owners Nc-notwithstanding. slo£l-

II. It is allb enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That penalty on any Freeman that shall combine with any Slave or Slaves to run away in free men or upon the aforesaid Island, or from the same, shall, for every Time so offending, forfeit unto the public Ule of this Island One Thoul’and Pounds of To nm-fVom good Muscovado Sugar, or in lieu thereof serve Twelve Months; and any lhcir Owii-Christian Servant or Servants that shall be guilty of the like Offence, shall cls; double his or their Time or Times that they or any of them shall have to and on serve; and such Servant or Servants, he, Ihe, or the}’, that shall take any Other Way or Ways of running away, shall serve his or their Owner or guiVtyof the Owners for every Day’s Absence Cine Week, and for every ’Week a Month, likeOffence. and for every Month a Year, or suffer such Punishment as shall be by the Direction of any of the Justices of the Peace in this Island inflicted on any such runaway Servant or Servants; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

At the Meeting of the Honourable Governor, his Council, and the Speaker to the Gentlemen of the Assembly of the Hland aforesaid, the Fifteenth Day of August, Anno Dom. 1668.

The several Acts hereafter mentioned, referred upon Record, and made before the late War in and for the Good of this Island, being this Day publicly read, are confirmed and allowed of, until the Governor and his Council do further consider the same.

An Act for the Olfervation of the Lord’s Day.

1668.

v° 1.

HERE AS by God’s holy Writ and Ordinance we are commanded to keep holy the Sabbath-day of the Lord, and to abstain from all Labours, PaPcime, and irreverent Actions; be it enacted and established a Law, That no Manner of Person or Persons whatsoever, inhabiting or being upon this Hland, presume, upon any Pretence whatsoever, to violate the Duties of the said Sabbath, by unlawful Gaming, immoderate and uncivil Drinking, irreverent and illegal Association, tumultuous Hubbubs, or any other prophane and illicious Labours of the Week-days, as digging, boughing, baking, crabbing, (hooting, and such like indecent Penalty for Actions, upon Pain that such Person or Persons so offending, and by the Sabbath Church-wardens or Assembly, or any Person presented to the Governor brca ing' and Council, shall suffer such Punishment as shall be thought fit, accord-

C ins

lo

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

jr 2.

Merchants to enjoy Free Trade with this Island,

Gfc.

®°7-

The Marshal’s duty*

ing to an Order formerly made by the Governor and Council, Anno 1638, which is to pay One Thousand Pounds of Tobacco Fine, provided A£is of Necessity, and made apparent at the next Court, to be at the Censure of the Governor and Council, &c.

An AEh of free Trade for Merchants and Traders, reserving to the Governor Four and Twenty Hours for his Particular with the Inhabitants; and for preventing the Fraud in Quality or Quantity of Weights and Measures.

T T is accorded and thought fit to be established an Act, That all Merchants and Dealers in future with this Island, may have and enjoy from Time to Time the Liberty of free Trade, reserving to the Governor the Privilege of Twenty Four Hours for his Particular with the Inhabitants, and that they make Choice of what Place or House they please for their Storehouse to put their Goods in, and after landing to shew their Goods to the Talkers hereafter mentioned, their Weights and Measures, to prevent Fraud in the Quality or Quantity of either, and that the Tobacco be paid to the said Merchants, as the Parties can agree, so it be near the Sea Side, and to receive their Tobacco in Roll or Ball, if they please, and with no Allowance of Upmaking, &c.

An Act for the MarshaVs attending the Governor once in every Four and Twenty Hours, &c.

THAT the Marshal for the Time being attend the Duties of his Place, viz. once in Four and Twenty Hours to attend the Governor, and know his Pleasure; and likewise to repair to the Office to know what Order may be there for him to do, either for any particular Inhabitant, or summoning of Persons to Actions within the accustomed Time of Three Days before each Court, if the Plaintiff have not a Ticket ad compentS from the Secretary, and serve the fame himself; and also in giving particular Notice to all the Council to meet where and when the said Governor shall please to order and appoint; and also to use Prisoners, and such as may be committed to his Charge, honestly, respectfully, and peaceably, they there behaving themselves civilly; and also when Shipping may or shall come to the Island, to attend where the Merchant may or shall come on Shore, or any other Person of Quality, or pertaining to the Ship, and them respectively to request to attend the Governor, and go with him to the Governor, &c.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

An Act against going through Fields of Cane.

Pipes, See.

11

WHEREAS great Damage and Mischief hath heretofore happened, and daily much more is like to ensue (if not timely and speedily prevented) by the unfufferable Boldness both of Slaves and Christians, in / passing through Fields of Canes where are no common"Paths, both in the Day-time with lighted Pipes of Tobacco, or Sticks of Fire in their Hands, but especially in the Night-time with kindled Torches, going a crabbing, whereby the whole Fields of Canes are in Danger to be fired, perhaps to the utter Ruin of the Owners; therefore to avoid such future Ineon-veniencies which may happen by Reason of licentious Liberties, upon mature and serious Consideration of the Premisses, it is agreed to be enacted and established as a Law, and be it therefore enacted, <S3c. That Penalty on any Person or Persons whatsoever upon this Island, that shall from hence-forth usually pass through any Field of Canes where there is no common Cane-ficids Path, be it to his own House or elsewhere, shall for every such Offence be 'vi|h liable to the Censure of the Governor and Council; but if any Master, ’8 u’ Servant, or Slave, shall go into any Field of Canes, either by Day or Night, with any Fire-light, either a crabbing or otherwise, though no Hurt be done to the Canes by the Fire, yet notwithstanding, for his or their Contempt in the Breach of the Act, shall be liable to the Censure as aforesaid; but if the Canes shall happen to be set on Fire by any Master of a Family, Servant, or Slave that shall do it by the Act, Procurement, or Consent of the Master, then the Master of such Servant or Slave shall make full Satisfaction to the Owner for the Trespass done, if his Ellate both personal and real will amount to it, otherwise to be liable to the Censure of the Governor and Council; but if any Slave shall so offend of his own Accord, and be either taken in the Act, or sufficient Proof or Evidence be brought against him, shall be liable to such Punishment as the Governor and Council shall censure, provided it shall not be prejudiced to Life or Limb. Lastly, If any Master, Servant, or Slave, come to gather any Cane-tops in any Field without the Master’s Consent that owneth the said Canes, shall for every such Offence be liable to the Censure of the Governor and Council, &c.

By the Honourable Colonel Edmond Stapleton, Governor of the Island aforesaid, the Council, and Gentlemen of the Assembly, the several Representatives of the Inhabitants of the Island aforesaid:

1S78.

An Act about contracting Marriages; and the Governor, Secre- 29* tary, and Marshal to be free from all Taxes.

WHEREAS the Authority aforesaid have taken into their serious Consideration the great Scarcity of Ministers, and that there hath been formerly an Act made to prevent the manifold Sins of Incontinency,

which

12

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

which mult of Necessity ensue, if'Course had not been taken to have rc-

, t medied the fame; and for the avoiding of any Debates that might happen

"v' by any Persons joined together in the holy Estate of Matrimony, by the respective Justices of the Peace in the said Act appointed and authorized, and that their Issue may not be counted or deemed in Law illegitimate; and for the Safety and Peace of this Island, it is therefore enacted and ordained, Marryincrb anc^ ^lcreky enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That Juaiccslaw- Manner of Persons, of what Degree or Quality soever, joined together *ul- in the holy Estate of Matrimony in this Island, before the Publication

hereof, by the respective Justices of the Peace, as by a former Act expressed and appointed, all and every such Marriage shall be deemed and accounted lawful, and their Children legitimate, and capable to receive all such Privileges as are usually appertaining to Children lawfully begotten; any Law, Ufa go, or CufLom in this Island to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Whereas the Council and Representatives of the island aforesaid, have considered the great Charge and Trouble that daily attend the Governor, Secretary, and Marshal of this Island, to manage the Affairs thereof, for the Good and Well-being of the Inhabitants of this Island, therefore the Council and Reprefefttatives aforesaid do delire that the Governor, Secretary, and Marshal of this Island be free from all Taxes and Impofi-tions, either in their personal or real Estates on this Island, and that it be enabled to that Purpose; it is therefore enabled and ordained, and be it hereby enacted and ordained by the Governor and his Council, and Gentlemen of the Assembly of this Island, and by Authority of the same. Governor, That from and after the Publication of this Act, the Governor, Secretary, i3c. freed ’ and Marshal of this Island for the Time being, or hereafter, fit all be wholly from Taxes. ang absolutely exempted from all Taxes or Impositions which may hereafter become due upon either of their personal or real Estates in this Island; any Law, Usage, or Custom in this Island to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

By the Honourable Colonel James Cotten, Governor of the Island aforesaid, the Council and Gentlemen of the Assembly, the several Representatives of this Island:

1680.

33-

An Act for the making Rejlitulion for Cattle stolen by Negroes; and Licences for Tap-houses in Town and Country.

WHEREAS the Authority aforesaid have taken into their serious Consideration the general Complaint of the Inhabitants again!! the Insolencies, Robberies, and Thefts of the Negroes and Slaves of this IfJand, which, if not timely prevented, may prove very prejudicial to the Inhabitants of the fame; it is therefore enacted and ordained, and be it hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Owners°n Publication of this Act, the Owner or Owners of any Negro or Negroes, whoseSiavcs Slave or Slaves, upon sufficient Evidence, shall pay unto the Owner or areconvifted Owners; that is to say,

o leving. For every Cow stolen. by his, her, or their Negroes or Slaves, within Ten Days after such Evidence, the Sum of Eight Hundred Pounds of Sugar.

For

13

The LA fTS of MONTSERRAT.

For every Beast fit for-drawing in the Mill or Cart, One Thousand Pounds of Sugar.

For every Asti-Negro, Four Hundred Pounds of Sugar.

For every Horle or Mare, Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar.

For a Calf Six Months old. Two Hundred Pounds of Sugar; if under; but Twenty Pounds of Sugar.

For Hogs, Goats, or Turkies, the Owner or Owners of such Negro or Negroes, Slave or Slaves, shall upon sufficient Testimony of such Theft or Robbery committed by his Slave or Slaves, restore the fame Value in Quality, and the Slave or Slaves so offending immediately to be brought before the next Justice of the Peace, and publicly whipt; any Usage, Law, or Custom in this Island heretofore had or made to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. It is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That after Publication of this Act, all Persons whatsoever, keeping a House of Entertainment, or Tap house, in either of the Towns, or within half a Mile of the Towns appointed, shall yearly, and every Year, pay unto the Treasurer of this Island, for his Majestys Use, towards the repairing of the Forts of this Island, Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar; and for all others that follow the fame Employment, One Thousand Two Hundred Pounds of Sugar; any Law, Usage, or Custom heretofore had or made in this Island to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

__s-___

1680.

Slaves Punishment.

Persons keeping Tap-houses, Sc. to pay 2.000lb. of Sugar annually.

At the Court at Kensington, the 31st of December, 1696.

PRESENT

The King’s Most Excellent Majesty in Councils

Thomas Lord Archbishop

of Canterbury,

Lord Keeper*

Lord Steward,

Lord Chamberlain,

Earl of Bridgewater,

Earl of Stanford,

Earl of Portland,

WHEREAS his Maji Royal Commission, I

Earl of Monmouth,

Lord Viscount Durjley, Lord Cornwallis,

Lord Coningjbey

Mr. Secretary Trumbidf Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Lord Chief Justice Holt.

fly has been pleased by his taring Date the Six and, ) Twentieth

14

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Tzoentieth Day of 0£tober, One Thou find Six Hundred Eighty Nine, in the first Year of his Reign, to authorize the Governor, Councils, and Assemblies of their Mayflies Leeward Charibbee Ifands in America, jointly and severally to make, constitute, and ordain Lazos, Statutes, and Ordinances, for the public Peace,Welfare, and good Government of the said Ifands; zohich said Lazos, tutes, and Ordinances, are to be, as near as conveniently may be, agreeable to the Lazos and Statutes of this Kingdom, and to be transmitted to his Majesty for his Royal Approbation or Disallowance of them; and the Council of Trade having pjenfed and confclcred certain Lazos passed in the General Assembly of his Majesty's If and of Montserrat in the Words following:

A---1

93- By his Excellency Christopher Codrington, Esquire, Captain-General, and Commander in Chief in and over their Majesties Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Honourable the President, the Council, and Assembly, the several Representatives of the said Island:

35- An Act for preventing Abuses that arise by Persons going on board Vessels before the NLafter hath made his Appearance to the Governor; and for the better ordering Boats and Wherries.

AND forasmuch as divers Inconveniencies happen by the disorderly going on board Ships and other Vessels before the Matter hath been on Shore with the Governorcor Commander in Chief' as well in the Mitt-carriage of Letters, as the ingrossing the most useful Commodities j we pray their Most Excellent Majesties it may be enabled and ordained, and it is Penalty for hereby ordered, enabled, and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no board any Person whatsoever, without the Leave or Permiftton of the Governor or Vessel with- Chief Commander for the Time being of the said Hland, shall p re fume to the Gcfver- §° on b°arc* a?y Ship or Vessel at her entering into Harbour, until the nor; Marshal or his Deputy have first been on board with the Matter, and

or within 48 have brought him on Shore to the President or Governor in Chief, or th^MaftlT/ within Forty Eight Hours after the said Matter hath so made his Appear-hasbeen ance, under the Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds of Sugar; to be re-vemon'00" covered by Conviction of one Witness, by Warrant of Distress from any Justice of the Peace, directed to the Marshal, his Deputy, of Constable, to

*5

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

levy the said Sum or Quantity of Sugar upon the Delinquent’s Goods and

Chattels, who, by Virtue thereof, shall expose the same to Sale, returning the Overplus (if any be), and for Want of such Distress, to take the Defen- v dant’s Body into Custody, and to carry and convey to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain for Six Months, or until he or they have satisfied the said Fine, or Debt, with Charges, the one Half to the Informer, the other to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof: Provided that all such Persons so offending be first summoned Proviso before such Justice of the Peace to answer all such Matters as shall be objected touching the Premifics; and in Case of Non-Appearance to issue out a Warrant of Contempt, directed to the Constable to bring the Contemner before him to answer the Contempt, who may, if he fee Cause, fine the Contemner; provided the said Fine exceed not One Hundred Pounds of Sugar; to be levied, as aforesaid, for the Use of their Majesties Island as aforesaid,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no penaitJ,on Matter, Merchant, FaCor, or other Person whatsoever, presume'to treat, agreeing for grant, or obtain a Promise for Merchandize or Commodity to the Value -';I7ercI1ian" of Ten Shillings, or Quantity of Tonnage or Freight, until the Matter Freight, be-hath been with the Governor or Chief Commander of this Island, or forcthcMai-some other Officer as he shall appoint, under the Penalty of Ten Thousand wHhTh'r2" Pounds of Sugar on each Person that shall so treat, grant, or obtain a Governor. Promise, as aforesaid; any Custom or Usage to the contrary heretofore notwithstanding; the same to be one Half to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, the other Half to the Informer; to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record within this Island.

III. And whereas, through Negligence in securing Boats, Wherries,

Canoes, and other small Vessels, several Persons have stole or run off, to the great Prejudice of the Inhabitants of this Island; be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners of Boats, Boats, &c. Wherries, or Canoes, every Night chain or lock every of them to some to be Tree or firm Pott, or bring them close up under Guard or Fort; and also cveiy 18 take away the Oars, Sails, and Rudders, and secure them in some safe Place, under Lock and Key, or deliver them nightly to the Guard where the said Vessel shall be lodged; and whatsoever Owner or Employer of any Boats, Wherries, or Canoes, shall offend in the foregoing Clause, shall forfeit for every such Offence Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar, to be recovered and disposed of as aforesaid.

IV. And it is further enacted, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall hereafter be indicted or Boat-ftcalers impleaded, for the stealing or feloniously taking of any Shallop, Boat, of Fc' Wherry, Canoe, Logge, or other Vessel from any Part of this Island, or shall be consenting, aiding, or assisting to the doing of the fame, and shall be thereof convicted according to Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony.

V. And it is further enabled and declared, That if the Intention, Con- Penalty on trivance, or Coinplotting of any Person w7ith others to {leal away any |rivin"Sto°n" Shallop, Canoe, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel, shall evidently appear, by steal Boat, sufficient Proof, or their own Confession, the Offender or Offenders, if£?<’-

free shall be condemned by Justice in Sessions to pay the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof; and if the said Person so found guilty shall not presently pay the said Sum of Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar,

---

16 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 1693

or give Security for the same, the Justice in Session shall presently for the Payment thereof expose the Offenders to public Sale for the Payment thereof not exceeding the Term of Four Years; but if the said Person or Persons so offending shall be Servants, then he or they shall be ordered by the Justice in Session to be whipt, not exceeding Thirty Nine Lashes on the bare Back, in some public Place of the said Island; and also that he or they so offending, shall, after their Time expired by Indenture, Custom, or Covenant with his or their Master, Mistress, or Employer, be sold by the Justice in Session for Four Years, and the Money that he be sold for shall be to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island.

By his Excellency Christopher Codrington, Esquire, Captain-General and Governor in Chief in and over their Majesties Charibbee Elands in America, and the Honourable the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, the several Representatives for the Island of Montserrat, &c,

N° 36. An Act to restrain the Insolence of Slaves, and for preventing them from committing any Outrages, as also the better ordering such Slaves, &c.

WHEREAS it is notorious, that the Negroes not only commit grievous Outrages upon the Inhabitants by stealing and carrying away their Cattle, and other Stock raised for their Subsistence, but are likewise in many Places of this Island got together in such Numbers as to threaten the Disturbance of the Peace and Quiet of the same; we therefore pray their Majesties that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[Negroes stealing to the Value of 12d. to suffer Death:]

That henceforward, where any Negro shall be taken stealing or carrying away Stock, Cattle, or Provision amounting, to the Value of Twelve Pence, such Negro or Negroes taken therein, shall, upon due Proof thereof before the Governor and Council, suffer such Death as they shall think fit to award;

[Or under that Value, Whipping.]

and when any Negro shall have any Theft proved against him, and the Value not amounting to Twelve Pence current Money of this Island, that then, and in such Cases, such Negro shall only suffer a severe Whipping, and have both his Ears cut off for the first Time,

[Second Offence, Death. (This Sum is altered by a subsequent Act passed in 1714-15.)]

but for the second Offence in the like Nature shall suffer Death in the Form aforesaid, the Public paying the Owner for every Negro put to Death the Sum of Three Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar.

II. And forasmuch, through the Negroes Healing and destroying poor Peoples Provisions, they are quite discouraged from planting what they expect not to reap, be it moreover enabled and provided,

[Negroes may be shot stealing Provisions above 40 Foot from the Path.]

That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to shoot at, and if possible to kill any Negro he shall find digging out, drawing, or stealing his Provision, provided such Provision be not within Forty Foot of the common Path, and

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 17. 1693.

that the Party so killing the Negro hath not, in the Hearing of others, expressed either Hatred or Malice against the Owner of such Negro, for in either Cases the Owner of such shall recover Damages to the full Value of any who shall so kill their Negro.

III. And since by the often and frequent Meeting of the Negroes on the Lord’s Day, most of the Mischiefs which happen are then by them plotted and contrived; and seeing Masters, Mistresses, and Overseers are very negligent in their several Plantations, be it therefore further enacted and ordained,

[No Negroes to leave their Plantations on a Sunday without a Ticket.]

That no Person whatsoever, being Owners or Overseers, give Leave to any Negro Slave under their Ownership or Charge, to depart or leave their Plantations on the Sunday without a Ticket, expressing his or their Business, and whither going, upon Penalty of Three Hundred Pounds of Sugar, and having their Negroes severally whipped by the Owner or Owners of such Plantations where they shall be found or taken without a Ticket;

[Penalty on not enforcing this Law.]

and any Owner of a Plantation or Overseer, who shall neglect to punish as aforesaid any Negro without a Ticket being found in his Plantation, or under his Care or Charge, shall forfeit the Sum of Three Hundred Pounds of Sugar.

IV. And it is further provided by the Authority aforesaid, That once in every Month, every Master, Mistress, or Overseer of a Family shall throughout all his Negro Houses make diligent Search for, and seize upon all Slaves Clubs or mischievous Weapons they shall there find, as also all stolen Goods and Commodities as shall be found, if of any Value, shall publish the same, describing the Quantity and Quality thereof, that thereby the Owners may be the better able to claim it in Order, and upon full Proof Negroes made it was their’s, it may be restored them;

[Negroes stealing Flesh, to be whipped, and lose an Ear.]

and for Flesh of any Sort that shall be found, the Negro in whose House it was taken, unless he or she can make it plainly appear they came by it honestly, shall undergo a Whipping, and have one of their Ears cut off.

[Proviso.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where there are more in Number than one Slave concerned in any heinous or grievous Crimes, as Burglary, Robbery, burning of Houses or Canes, killing or stealing any Manner or Kind of Cattle or Stock, only one of them shall suffer Death, who shall appear to be the greatest Criminal.

[Penalty on not raising the Posse to quell Negroes.]

VI. And it is further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commission Officers within this Island are hereby impowered and required, upon Notice by any one to them given, of any Number of Negroes got together, and the Place where, immediately upon the same to raise a sufficient Number of Men, and with them to pursue, apprehend, and take such Negroes either alive or dead: And whatsoever Commission Officer shall neglect, or other Person refuse to be aiding and assisting herein, shall forfeit the Sum of Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar.

VII. And whereas some Masters and Mistresses, or Overseers of Plantations, are so careless as not to put in a Competency of Provision for their Slaves, whereby they are often forced to run away, or at least to commit Thefts and Robberies upon their Neighbours; be it further enacted, and it is hereby provided,

[Penalty on not planting sufficient to maintain Negroes.]

That all Masters, Mistresses, and Overseers of any Plantations within this Island, at all Times after the Expiration of Ten Months ensuing the Publication hereof, shall have and always keep for every Eight Negroes one Acre of Ground well planted in Provisions, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Number, which whosoever shall neglect after the Ten Months ended, that then at the End of every Six Months for every Acre so wanting shall forfeit the Sum of One Thousand Pounds of Sugar.

[Penalty on Slaves fighting.]

VIII. And it is moreover provided and enacted, That where Two Slaves shall fall out and fight, and one maim or kill the other, it shall lie

18 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 1693.

at the Person’s Discretion, whose Negro shall be either maimed or killed, whether for the first Offence the Negro who committed the same shall suffer Whipping, or for the latter Death, or to receive such Satisfaction of the Owner of such Negro as the Governor and his Council shall adjudge sufficient.

[Penalty for attempting to steal any Vessel, &c.]

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person shall attempt to steal or take off this Island, in any Ship, Boat, Sloop, Canoe, Bark, Logg, or other Vessel, any Negro or Negroes, shall for offering the same, forfeit Five Thousand Pounds of Sugar, or lie in close Prison for the Space of Six Months;

[or carrying off Negroes.]

and whatsoever Person or Persons shall steal and carry off from this Island any Negro or Negroes in any such Vessel or Vessels, as aforesaid, shall and are hereby esteemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall not have the Benefit of their Clergy.

[Reward for taking runaway Slaves.]

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any White shall take a Slave, and bring him in dead or alive; if alive, shall have paid him by the Owner of such Negro or Slave the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar; where dead, the same Sum out of the Public Stock of this Island; and where any Slave shall take a Runaway, such Negro Slave shall have Three Hundred Pounds of Sugar, either by the Owner or Public, as aforesaid.

[Power to search Plantations for stolen Goods.]

XI. And be it moreover enacted, That any Person upon Loss of any Cattle, Stock, or other Provision, may immediately, without going to a Justice of Peace, or requiring a Warrant, repair to any Plantation or Plantations whereof he shall have Suspicion, and there, taking the Masters, Mistresses, or Overseers of the same along with him, shall have full Power to search all and singular the Negro Houses, or other Houses belonging to such Plantation or Plantations, and if need be break open any thereof; and any Master, Mistress, or Overseer of a Plantation, who shall make any Resistance, or obstruct them therein, shall pay to the Party who hath sustained any Loss, double the Value thereof.

XII. And inasmuch as there are several Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties before mentioned in this Act, and not declared where they shall be recovered, and how disposed of, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[Disposition of Fines.]

That one Moiety be to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and the other to the Informer; to be recovered by Action of Debt in any Court of Record within this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or otherwise, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[Slaves taken after three Months Absence to suffer Death, and paid for out of the public Stock.]

XIII. And be it further provided and enacted, That any Negro or Slave within this Island that shall absent themselves from their Masters or Mistresses Service for the Space of Three Months, and afterwards taken and convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; the Owner of the said Negro to be allowed him out of the public Stock of this Island Three Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of Sugar, as is before provided in this Act.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 19 1693.

By his Excellency Christopher Codrington, Esquire, Captain-general, and Governor in Chief in and over their Majesties Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Honourable the President and Council, the Gentlemen of the Assembly, the several Representatives of the said Island:

N° 37. An Act for the encouraging the Importation of white Servants.

---

FORASMUCH as this Island hath by the last Expedition, Sickness, and other Casualties, sustained great Loss in the Deaths of white Men, to the great Weakening of the fame; and whereas no fitter Expedient can be proposed than encouraging the Importation of white Servants, for the Strengthening and better Defence of their Majesties Island, (especially in this hazardous Time of War with the French) and to the Intent also that all due Encouragement may be given Merchants, Masters, and Employers of white Servants to bring the fame, and may not be discouraged, and their Servants lie upon their Elands for Want of Buyers, we pray their Most Excellent Majesties that it may be enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Merchants, Masters, and Employers of white Servants flrall have Reward for paid them out of the public Stock of this Island, within One Month, for each able English, Scotch, or Welsh Man, above the Age of Sixteen, vants. and under the Age of Forty Years, which shall be landed or delivered on Shore to the Marshal, or other Person appointed for the receiving of them, the Quantity or Sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of good merchantable Miifcovcido Sugar, at some convenient Shipping-place in this Island. Provided that the said Servants be by Indenture, Contrast, or otherwise compelled or obliged to serve the full Term of Four Years, from and after the Day of his Arrival in this Island.

II. And be it further enacted, That whatsoever Master or Commander |Rewar.d fov of any Ship or Vessel shall bring in or import to this Island to the Number ao^hite6 of Twenty white Male-Servants at one Time, and due Proof' upon Oath MaieSer-being made thereof before the naval Officer, who is hereby impowered to vants‘ administer the same, shall for that Voyage be altogether freed and exempted from paying any Port-charges for the said Ship or Vessel wherein the said Servants shall be imported; any other Custom or Law notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Governor for the Time being, White Ser. with Two of the Council, and Two of the Assembly of this Island, are and ^"ofedof shall be hereby authorized to fell, fend, or place One, Two, or more Ser- as the Go-vants so imported to any Plantation or Plantations within this said Island, where white Servants are wanting, or where they shall see meet and con- p,-oper'in venient for the necessary Defence of the fame; and that all Masters, Mistresses, chief Occupiers or Overseers of such Plantation or Plantations shall be, and are hereby obliged to receive them, he, she, or they paying within one Month after Receipt of the said Servants, the Sum of Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of Sugar per Head, as aforesaid.

How to recover the Money due

for white Servants*

Money may be levied on Overseers, for white Servants.

Slaves not to be employed in Trades.

FWc No# 35.

Proviso,

Price of Servants regulated.

Penalty on trading with Servants or Slaves.

20 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 1693

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Debt or Debts contrabled, arising or accruing due from any Perl'ou or Persons whatsoever, for such Servant or Servants sold or disposed of within this Island in Manner aforesaid, shall or may be recovered by Warrant of Distress from any Justice of Peace, directed to the Marshal, Deputy, or Constable, to levy the said Debt or Debts on the Party’s Goods and Chattels, to whom the said Servant or Servants shall be 1'old, sent, or placed, as aforesaid, who by Virtue thereof shall expose the same to Sale, returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Owners.

V. And forasmuch as there are several Plantations in this Island whole Owners or PoflelTors employ Attornies or Overseers to manage them, who reap no other Benefit by the said Plantation than their yearly Salaries or Wages; we pray that it may be enacted and ordained. That if such Persons as are hereby impowered to sell or dispose of imported Servants in Manner as aforesaid, shall think fit to fend any Servant or Servants to such Plantations, that then it shall and may be lawful, on the said Attornies or Overseers their Refusal to pay for any Servant so sent or placed, to distrain the Goods and Chattels belonging to such Plantation or Plantations in Manner and Form aforesaid, and the fame so distrained to dispose of in Manner as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the said Attornies or Overseers.

VI. It is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That within Six Months after the Import of Two Hundred white Male-Servants, no Person or Persons whatsoever, employing themselves or Slaves in the Exercises of Coopers, Smiths, Taylors, Carpenters, Sawyers, Masons, or Shinglers, within this Island, shall use any Negro, Slave or Slaves, in the said Trades or Occupations, under the Penalty of Four Thousand Pounds of Sugar, to be recovered by Warrant from any Justice of Peace, in Manner as is directed in an Act, intituled, An Act for preventing Abiifes that arise by Persons going aboard before the Master hath made his Appearance to the Governor, and for the better ordering Boats and Wherries. Provided also, That nothing herein be construed to prohibit any Master or Owner of any Sugar Work within this Island from making Calk at their respective Plantations; any Thing in this Act to the contrary not-withstanding.

VII. And inasmuch as there is great Difference in the Value and Worth of Servants, yet by this Act no Regard is had thereto, left it may discourage the Importation of them, contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power and lie in the Breast of such Persons as are hereby authorized to sell and dispose of the Servants aforesaid, to advance on the Value of the belt and most able Servants, and to mitigate and abate in the said Value of Two Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of Sugar hereby set upon them, so much as they shall judge any Servant, through Impotency or Sickness, to fall short of the Price hereby allowed, that Equality may be extended to all.

VIII. And inasmuch as several evil Members in this Island do enveigle and entice Servants and Slaves before they are acquainted with the Laws and Customs of this Island, to squander away, embezzle, or consume their Masters, Mistresses, or Employers Goods, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons presume to trade or deal with any white. Servant, Negro, or Slave whatsoever, without their Masters or Mistresses Consent, or Certificate under their Hands to that Purpose, on the Penalty of forfeiting to the Master or Mistress of such Servant, Negro, or Slave, treble the Value of the Things traded for, bought, or fold, and also One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of Sugar, to Be recovered

21 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

by such Master or Miiftrefs, by Action of Debt in any Court of Record

in this Island; and in Case of the said Person’s Non-ability, to be punished by Corporal Punishment at the Discretion of the next Justice of the 7 Peace; and all Contracts made with Servants, Negroes, or Slaves, to be utterly void.

By his Excellency Christopher Codrington, Esquire, Captain-general, and Governor in Chief in and over their Majesties Leezjoard Ckaribbce Islands in America, the Honourable the President and Council, the Gentlemen of the Assembly, the several Representatives of the said Island:

An Act for settling the Militia of this Island.

ar 38-

WHEREAS the continual Danger this Island is in of being attacked or surprized by Enemies, Privateers, or Pirates, (more especially during this present War with the French King, whole Island being the nearest Neighbours, causes it to be so much the more perilous) requires that a more particular Care be taken for it’s Defence, which cannot reasonably be hoped will be efTefted, except the Inhabitants be always provided with good Arms, and duly trained and exercised in the Art Military; we therefore pray their Most Excellent Majesties that it may be enacted, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by his Excellency the General, the Council, and Assembly of this Island, That no Person whatsoever, from the Age of Fifteen to Sixty Years, shall remain unlisted by themselves. Matters, Mistresses, or Employers, under the Captains of the respective Places of their Abode, in Foot or Horse, the Space of Six Weeks, on Penalty of Three Hundred Pounds of Sugar, and so for every Six Weeks such Persons shall remain unlisted: And that every Foot Ilov.-Soi-Soldier shall be provided with a well fixed Musket or Fuzee, and a good [^'armcii'0 Sword, a Cartouch Box, and Six Charges of Powder and Ball, and so &c.

shall appear when and where appointed by his superior Officer, upon Penalty of Fifty Pounds of Sugar for his Default, or his not appearing, and Twenty Five Pounds of Sugar for Want of either Gun, Sword, Cartouch Box, Powder, or Ball; and that every Soldier belonging to the Horse shall, when and where commanded by their superior Officer, appear and be provided with a good Horse, Saddle with Holfters, Breast-plate, and Crupper, a Cafe of good Pistols, a Sword, Carbine, or Fuzee, and half a Pound of Powder and Ball, proportionally for Pistols, Carbine, or Fuzee, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds of Sugar on each Time of Absence, and Twenty Five Pounds of Sugar for Default, or Want of each of the foregoing Particulars; and that every Foot Soldier shall always have at his Habitation, or usual Place of Abode, One Pound of good Powder, and Three Pounds of Bullets, sizeable to the Gun he bears; and every Trooper shall have at his Habitation, or usual Place of Abode, Two Pounds of good Powder, and Six Pounds of Bullets, sizeable to his Pistols,

22 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Manner of

providing

Arras.

Discharge for Persons removing their Habitations.

Penalty on Officers Rc-fufal.

Officers'to search for Defaulters every 3 Months.

Penalty for Officers making Default.

Servants im-bczzling Arms, S?c. to be whipped.

Carbine, or Fuzee, and upon any special Order from his superior Officer, shall bring the lame into the Field, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds of Sugar for Default or Want thereof, and the like Sum for not bringing into the Field when thereunto commanded.

II. And forasmuch as many Persons have and do pretend, that the Reason of their being in Want of Arms is because they are not to be bought, it is the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That no Person that is not already supplied shall be a Sufferer, or pay the Penalty hereby appointed for Want thereof, but such as shall be informed by their Commander or other superior Officer where such Arms are to be bought; and after such Information given, each and every Person that shall not supply themselves in Ten Days Time, shall be taken and deemed to be Offenders against this Act, and shall pay all Penalties and Forfeitures hereby appointed.

III. And it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person so liffed, as aforesaid, shall depart thence without a Discharge from the Commander of the Company where he is lifted, on Penalty of Three Hundred Pounds of Sugar; and that no Commander cf any Company refuse, when desired, to give a Discharge in Writing to any Person that is removing his Abode to another Division: And if any Commander, after having Notice from the Party that he is removed, shall deny and delay the giving such Discharge by the Space of One Month after such Information, shall pay the Sum of Six Hundred Pounds of Sugar, the one Moiety or half Part to the Party aggrieved, the other Moiety or half Part to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for the Support of the contingent Charges of this Government.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained. That the Captain or Commander of each Company shall every Three Months make diligent Search and Enquiry in their several Divisions, that all be duly liffed, armed, and equipped, as by this Act is appointed, and shall cveiy Six Months return to the Lieutenant-Governor of Commander of the Military Forces of this Hand a just and true Account of all such Defaults as shall be found, to the End they may be reformed.

V. And it is further provided. That if the Captain or Commander of a Company shall deny, refuse, or be wilfully negligent therein, and thereof being convicted by a Court-Martial, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of this Government, and the contingent Charges thereof.

VI. Be it hereby further enacted and provided, That if any Person (hat is a Covenant Servant shall incur any the Penal ties by this Act appointed, the Penalty shall be paid by such Master or Mistress of the Servant, except they bring sufficient Proof, to be allowed of by the Captain of the Company, that they have fitted out such Servant as by the Act is appointed, and that the Servant has, through Negligence or Idleness, loft or otherwi conveyed away such Arms and Ammunition as he has been supplied with, and on such Proof, and so allowed of, every such Master or Mistress shall be discharged of the Penalty, and every Servant so offending shall by his Captain be caused to be well whipped on his bare Back at iheHcad of his Company.

VII. And forasmuch as the several Officers are oftentimes negligent of their Duty, which is a very ill Example to the Soldiers they command, and what makes them so is their knowing that their Punishment for such Neglect. is no more than to be cashiered their Command, which perhaps some of them are as willing to quit as to hold; for Prevention thereof for the future, be it enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enacted and ordained

23

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

dained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Officer that shall be negligent of his Dury, and thereof convicted by a Court-Martial, shall be 1®93‘ liable to such Forfeitures and Penalties, as shall be adjudged and thought office- neg-fit by the said Court-Martial. ]c£ling 1 iis

VIII. And to the End that no Person whom his Excellency the General, or the Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall think fit to Sirt-appoint to bear any Military Office in this Island, shall refuse, or being so Martial, commissionated or appointed shall quit or lay down his Commission, be

it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person Penalties for or Persons so refuling or quitting, shall forfeit the several Sums of Sugar as followeth, (viz.) Every Person appointed a Lieutenant-Colonel, Ten lions. Thousand Pounds of Sugar; every Major, Eight Thousand Pounds of Sugar; every Captain, Six Thousand Pounds of Sugar; every Lieutenant,

Four Thousand Pounds of .Sugar; every Ensign, Three Thousand Pounds of Sugar; and every Serjeant, Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar, to be paid to their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, towards the Support of this' Government, and the contingent Charges thereof to be levied by Difirefs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, and the Overplus (if any be) to be rendered the Owners.

IX. And whereas several of the Inhabitants of this Island, to evade their, being lifted in the Foot, do or pretend they ride in the Troop, but indeed do very little or no Duty in either; for Prevention whereof it is hereby enacted and ordained. That there shall be but one Troop of Horse T° bj *Dut in this Island, and that to contift of Fifty Horse, and no more, besides °xorfe w°P° the usual Officers; and that the Captain of the Troop shall generally lift coniui of 50 those which have the bell Horses, and well accoutred; and after the said officers^5 Fifty Horse are lifted, all other Persons shall lift themselves in the several

Foot Companies of the Division they dwell or abide in, under the Penalties heretofore in this Act appointed for not lifting themselves in Horse or Foot.

X. Provided always, and be it excepted. That it shall and may be Proviso, lawful for the Captain of the Troop, as any of his Troop shall die or go away off the Island, to lift others in their Room.

XI. And whereas (next under God’s Assistance) the maintaining of the respective Guards, and keeping them in good Order, will be the Preservation of this Island, and on the contrary the Neglect thereof is of dangerous Consequence, and yet of late nothing more common than to have them neglected; for the Prevention thereof for the future, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons duly appointed by his superior Officer to Penalty on be on Guard, shall refuse or neglect the Guard, or being thereon shall be n°s?ca7n» found negligent of his Duty, for the first Offence shall forfeit and pay Duty. 0 Fifty Pounds of Sugar, and thereof being convicted shall again commit the like Offence, shall forfeit and pay One Hundred Pounds of Sugar, and for the third Offence shall be liable to such further Pains and Penalties, as shall be adjudged and thought fit by a Court-Martial, not extending to Life or Limb.

XII. And to the End the Negligence of the Guard may be the better discovered, it is hereby enacted and ordained. That the Captain CaPt?!n of the Troop shall every Night in War Time, and once in Three Rounds!'C Months in Time of Peace, appoint Rounds to ride to all the Guards,

which Round shall be Two of the Troop at least, and shall examine each respective Guard, and if they find any Person that is appointed to guard, absent, or being there neglecting his Duty, they shall inform thereof their superior Officer; and if any one of the Troop shall refuse or neglect to Penalty.

ride

24

1693

[Proviso.]

Guard, to be kept at Eranjby's Bay> &c.

Dispofiiion of the Sol' diers Fines.

Officers Duty in relation to Fines,

Muttering

Times,

when.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

ride the Rounds when he is appointed, or riding the Rounds shall neglect to inform his superior Officer of the Absence or Want of Duty he shall find in the several Guards, shall for the first Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One Hundred Pounds of Sugar, and Tvo Hundred Pounds of Sugar for every the like Offence by him or them committed.

XIII. Provided always, and be it excepted. That if any Person not appearing to ride the Rounds on his Guard, shall find one sufficient Man to ride the Rounds or Guard in his Place, it shall excuse him from the Penalties by this Act appointed.

XIV. And whereas the several Places of this Island known or called by the Names of Branjby s Bay,' the Old Road, and Carl Bay, being more remote and not so well inhabited as other Parts of the Island, and so more in Danger of being surprized by Pirates or Privateers; it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be in War Time a Handing Guard kept at each and every of the said Places, which Guard shall be and consist of Four Men at least, and shall be paid by the Treasurer out of the public Treasury of this Island every Quarter; and the Chief Military Officer in each of the said Divisions is hereby impowered to hire and agree with such and so many Persons as are fitting for the said Service, whole Certificate shall from Time to Time be a sufficient Authority for the Treasurer to pay every Man his respective Salary as it becomes due.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fines and Forfeitures mentioned in this Act, and not declared in what Manner they shall be recovered, and hereby disposed of; that all such as do relate to any Person under the Degree of a Captain shall be to the respective Captains, to defray the Charges of their Companies and Troops, and to be levied before the next Exercising Day by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods by the Captain’s Warrant to the Serjeant or Corporal, and if no Distress be found, the Punishment to be riding the Wooden Horse, or being tied Neck and Heels, not exceeding one Hour, at the Discretion of the Captain; and for all other Penalties by this Act appointed, the same shall be levied by the Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods, by Warrant from the Lieutenant-Governor, or Commander of the Military Forces of this Island, to and for their Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Captain of the Company or Troop shall keep a just Account of all Forfeitures and Penalties he shall recover and receive by Virtue of this Act : and when any one Captain shall receive to the Value of Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar, he shall be obliged to furnish his Company with new Colours and Drums, leading Staff and Halberts, and the Captain of the Troop with new Trumpets and Standard, under the Penalty of Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar, and so for every Six Months the Company or Troop shall remain unprovided, if they are to be bought in the Island; and whatsoever Forfeitures they shall receive more and over and above the said Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar, shall be for to defray other contingent Charges of the Company.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained. That once every Month, or oftener, if the Lieutenant-Governor shall give Command, the respective Companies and Troop shall meet at their usual training Place, to be then and there mustered, exercised, and trained in the Art Military.

25 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

XVIII. And it is further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time the said Officers and Soldiers are in Arms, 1^93-they shall observe and keep all and every of the Laws and Articles of War,

and give all due Obedience to their respective Officers; which Laws and ^cis unaer" Articles his Excellency the General, with the Advice of a Council of Amis; War, is hereby humbly desired to make and establish; and the Lieutenant-governor is to give out Copies of the said Articles to the respective Captains under his Command, that the fame may be publicly read once

every Six Months unto the Soldiers whilst they are in Arms, that all Per-l'ons may the better know and observe their Duties: And if any of the and off of said Officers or Soldiers shall, when they are out of Arms, endeavour to Duty-take Revenge by Force for any Thing his or their superior Officer shall lawfully do in Pursuance of his or their Duty, and this Act, the said Officers and Soldiers shall be punished for the same as shall be adjudged by a Court-martial, as if the Offence had been done in Time of Service or Exercise, provided the said Punishment do not extend to Life or Limb.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That once General Or-

every Year, or oftner, if thereunto commanded, each particular Captain the

Stall give in to the Lieutenant-governor, or Commander for the Time being, a fair written Roll of their respective Companies; and if any Person

upon any Invasion, or other public Military Service, be wounded or difa-bled, he shall be cured and maintained out of the public Treasury of this Island; and if any Person whatsoever shall be sued, molested, or impleaded for any Thing lawfully commanded or done in the Execution and Pursuance of this present Act, he shall plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence, and shall thereupon, if found for him, recover Costs of Suit, and treble Damages.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared Fr°viro. by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall endure the Penalties by

this Act appointed for not lifting himself, except he shall have been warn-, ed or summoned so to do by some Officer of the Divihon where he abodes or resides in; also, that no Gentleman of the Council or Assembly, the Officers of their Majesties Revenue, the Secretary and Marshal of this Hland, or any the Clergy, shall incur the Penalties appointed by this Act, except he or they be a Commission Officer in this Island.

XXI. And for the more convenient making Alarms on the Appearance °|n^'°nns of an Enemy, and to prevent all Disturbance in this Island by false Alarms, or jrms‘ all Persons are hereby to take Notice, that an Alarm shall be caused or

made by firing Two great Guns from either the Fort of KingsaIc, Plymouth, Branfbees Bay, or the Old Road, and within Land, by blowing in a Trunkshell, which every Plantation or Housholder in this Island is hereby obliged to have in each respective Plantation or House, and cause it to be blown in on any Notice of an Alarm, or hearing of it founded from other Plantations, under the Penalty of One hundred Pounds of Sugar for every Month each Plantation or Housholder shall be without a Trunkshell, and the like Sum for not causing it to be blown or founded in, on any Notice of an Alarm, or hearing of it founded from other Plantations; to be recovered by the several Captains in each Division, as by this Act is appointed for not lifting.

XXII. Provided always, That no Person shall be levied or distressed unreasonable upon for more than Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar at any one Time; firing Guns, and that no Person whatsoever flrall hereafter presume to fire any final!

Arms after Eight of the Clock at Night, except in the Time of Alarm or Service, under the Penalty of Twenty Pounds of Sugar for each Gun so fired; and that no Master of any Ship or Vessel riding at Anchor in any

2.6

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

the Roads or Bays of this Island, or any other Person do presume to fire

, 1°93- , any Guns after Eight of the Clock at Night, under the Penalty of Three 'v~ Hundred Pounds of Sugar for each Gun so fired.

[Proviso.]

XXIII. Provided always, and be it excepted, That this Clause shall not extend to any Captain or Officer of any of their Majesties Ships of War, for their firing at setting the Watch.

HIGH said Lazos having been presented to his Majesty at this Board, his Majesty was graciously pleased, with the Advice of his Privy Councilj to declare his Approbation of the fame, and, pursuant to his Royal Pleasure thereupon, the said Laws are hereby confirmed, f natty enabled, and ratified accordingly.

Wm,

Bridgman.,

By his Excellency Christopher Codrington, Esquire, Captain-General, and Governor in Chief in and over his Majesties Charibhee Leeward Blands in America, the Honourable the Lieutenant-Governor, the Council and Assembly of the Island abovesaid:

41. An Act for the proportionating of the Work on the Trenches, and the Reparations of the Fort at the Town o/~Kingsale; and for repairing and amending the public Roads and Highways of the Island aforesaid:

WHEREAS the Security and Preservation of this Island doth in a great Measure depend on the keeping the Breast-Works or Trenches, as also the Fortifications, in good Repair, and to the Intent the fame might be kept in the better Order for the future, we pray his Most Excellent Majesty it may be enacted, and be it hereby enacted, ordained,

and

2 7

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every twentieth working Negro in this Island shall, upon an Order issued out from the Lieutenant-Governor, and summoned thereupon, be lent by the several Matters, Mistresses, or Overseers, to the Fort at Kingsale with Houghs, Shovels, Pickaxes, or such other Utenttls as shall be necessary for the Reparation and amending the same, and so to continue until the Work be finished; and if any Matter, Mistress, Owners or Overseers of any such Negro or Negroes, shall neglect or refuse to fend them, as aforesaid, they shall forfeit and pay for every Negro so neglecting or refilling to come to the said Work, the Sum of Twenty Pounds of Sugar, to b.e collected by the Treasurer, or his Deputy, who is by Virtue of this Act impowered to distrain on the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons so offending, and the lame to fell at public Outcry, rendering the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof, except he or they shall within Fourteen Days Time, redeem the fame, by paying the said Penalty, which is to be employed for and towards the defraying the public Charges of this llland.

II. Moreover it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it shall be thought necessary by the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly, to repair the Trenches in the Island jaforesaid, it shall be done in Manner and Form following (that is to say) All the working Negroes in the Windward, Middle, and White River Divisions, shall repair, mend, or make all the Trenches and Breast-Works from the Old Road River to the Cove Castle, in the White River Division, under the Forfeiture and Penalty aforesaid, and likewise all the working Negroes in the Northward Division shall repair and amend the Trenches from the Old Road River to Carr’s Bay, in such Manner, as they have hitherto done, under the Penalty aforesaid.'

III. And further it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Negroes shall be sent to Work on the Fort according to the Lift taken in the said Divisions, for the railing a Cave.

IV. And whereas there are several Inhabitants in each Division which have not the Number of Twenty working Negroes, it is hereby ordered and appointed. That the several Representatives for each Division do forthwith, after the Publication hereof, join so many Families together as they shall see fit, in Order that a due Proportion of every Twentieth Negro may be sent to Work, according to the true Intent hereof; which Calculation shall be by them certified to such Person as shall be by the Lieutenant-Governor and Council appointed to oversee or Purvey the said Work.

V. And also it is hereby enacted and ordained. That what Charges may arise or become due to any Handicraftfmqn, as Carpenters, Sawyers, and Masons, for their Labour, shall be borne and paid out of the public Stock of this Island, as also what Provisions shall be allowed them whilst employed on the Work.

VI. Furthermore it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever and as often as the Highways and Roads of this Island shall need Reparation, that it shall be done in Manner following (that is to say) Upon the Governor’s Orders to the Justices of Peace in each Division, to issue out his Warrant to the Constable to summon the several Inhabitants to amend and repair the Highways, they are by Virtue of this Act to fend all such working Negroes as they, or any of them, have in the Windward Divifon, to mend and repair the public or ancient Highways from Nineturne Gutt to Bottomless GiUt, and so to Tarr River; and those of the White River Division to mend and repair the Highways from Tarr River towards the Town of Kingsale, until they come to Read’s

, Giitj

Negroes to be lent tore-pair KinffaU l'ort*

[Penalty.]

Negroes to repair the Trenches,

Negroes to raile a Cave,

Families to be joined in fending Negroes,

Charges of Workmen to be paid out of public Stock, &c.

What Highways are to be repaired, and how.

28

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

on Penalty

of '2.olh. of Sugar.

Highways to be viewed by a Reprc-fentatives.

Proviso#

Treasurer to keep an Account of Penalties collected, and from whom, on Oath.

Gutt; the Inhabitants of the Middle JDivision to fend their Negroes to mend and repair the Highways, as aforesaid, from Nineturne Gutt, to the Old Road River, and Read’s Gutt; the Inhabitants of that Part of the Northward Division that lies between the Old Road River and Soldiers Gutt, to mend and repair the Highways from the said River to the Bottom of the said Gutt; and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Northward Division to mend and repair the Highways from the Bottom of the said Gutt to Carr’s Bay, and so to Bottomless Gutt; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall neglect or refuse in any or either of the respective Divisions to fend their Negro or Negroes to repair and amend the Highways, as aforesaid, they shall forfeit and pay for every Negro he or they shall refuse to fend, the Sum of Twenty Pounds of Sugar, to be col left ed or distrained for, as aforesaid; which Forfeitures shall be employed to defray the public Charges of this Island.

VII. Moreover it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Highways in each Division, after their being repaired, as aforesaid, fit all be viewed by the Two Representatives for each Division; and where any Part or Place shall be found defective, that Person or Persons Negro which did so slightly do the same shall be obliged, upon Two or Three Days Warning of the Constable whom the said Representatives shall order to give the said Person Notice of his Default therein, to go and repair or amend the said Place, so as that it might be thought by the said Representatives lufficieot, and equal to the rest of the fame Highway repaired and amended, under the Penalty and Forfeiture before mentioned.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act before mentioned, nor any Part thereof, shall extend or be thought to extend to distrain on any Person or Persons for any Negro or Negroes of his or their’s which shall be taken either sick or lame, or run away out of the Service of his or their Masters, Mistresses, or Overseer, whereby they may be uncapable of fending them to the said Work, as is before expressed.

IX. And be it hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall keep an exact and true Account of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as shall be from Time to Time by them received or collected, and from whom, the same to be rendered upon Oath, if thereunto required.

N.B. All those Clauses in the foregoing Act j-elating to the Highways seem to be re-enacted, and in some Part altered by the following All, No. 46; but it does not appear that the foregoing Act was ever repealed, therefore may in some Parts or Cafes be pat in Force.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

29

An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, and for pre- 0 ' inventing the cutting down or clearing theflanding Woods, Underwoods, Copps or Bushes which grow by the Sides of Rivers and Brooks in this Island.

WHEREAS the Highways and common Roads of this Island are often out of Repair, which occasions them to be very incommodious and troublesome to Persons passing or travelling therein, and no Expedient thought more fit to remedy the fame than by making an Act to oblige the several Inhabitants in each Division to repair and amend them as often as need shall require; we your Majesty's most loyal and obedient Subjects, your Majesty's Chief Governor of Your Leeward Charibbee Elands, the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Hland of Montfierrat, most humbly beseech your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is enacted, ordained, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as the Highways and common Roads of this Island shall need Reparation, it shall be done in Manner follow- Freeholders ing; that is to say, the chiefest Freeholders in each Pari fir or Division shall, on to choote Easter Tuesday or Wednesday, meet together at the Church to elect or choose Survc-'ors: Two Surveyors for mending the Highways the enfuingYears, who are to order the same to be done; and if either of them so chosen shall neglect his Duty in the said Office, or refuse to serve, shall forfeit Ten Pounds current Money, which if he refuse to pay, the Judge of the Division is hereby obliged, upon Complaint to him made by the Persons that chose them, to issue out his Warrant to the Constable to distrain on his or their Goods and Chattels, andexpose so much thereof to public Sale as will raise' the Fine aforesaid, which Fine shall be employed to the Use of the Poor of the said Parish, or Reparation of the Church; but if the chief Freeholders of 0rt]ic judg« each Parish, as aforesaid, shall neglect thechoofing Surveyors, as aforesaid, and Aircm-| then the Judge of the said Division or Parish, and the Assemblymen, shall bly-mcn-have Power by this Act the Week following to choose such Surveyors as they shall think fit to officiate in such Place, under the Forfeiture aforesaid

’and the Sunday after such Persons are chosen, public Notice shall be given Public No-in the Church, that the Persons themselves, and the Parishioners, may have lice-Knowledge thereof; and when the Highways are to be repaired, the said Surveyors are to cause public Notice to be given in the Church a Week beforehand, that the several Inhabitants may have timely Notice to fend their Negroes to perform the said Work, under the Penalties and Forfeitures hereafter expressed. Now it is to be understood, that upon Notice given, as aforesaid, all the Inhabitants in St. George’s Parish, or Windward,

Division, are to fend all their working Negroes to repair and amend the ancient Highway or common Road from Nineturn Gutt to Bottcmlefis Gutt, and also from Nineturn Gutt to Jarr River-, and any Person or Persons Penalty on neglecting or refilling to fend their Negroes, as aforesaid, shall forfeit for not.|nI’fTlr,s each working Negro Two Shillings and Six-Pence; which if not paid to Negroes, the said Surveyors within Ten Days after the Default committed, upon the rhish ma<h said Surveyor’s Complaint to the Judge, he is to issue his Warrant to the a*. 6dpcr Constable to distrain on the Goods and Chattels of the Oflendc-r or Offen- ffi/f'fios. ders, which is to be exposed to public Sale to satisfy such Fines or Forfeitures, to be one Third to the Poor of the Parish, and the other two

H Thirds

3o The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

freeholders to fence their Land from the Road.

Cart Roads to be 30 ce v/ide.

Narrow Highways to be widened*

Thirds to the said Surveyors and Constables, equally to be divided between them; and upon Notice given, as aforesaid, (that is, a Week before-handj all the Inhabitants of St. Patrick!s Parish, or White River Division, are to lend all their working Slaves to repair and amend the ancienc Highway or common Road from Jarr River towards the To wn of King-sale until they come to Germans Bay, under the-Penalties and Forfeitures aforesaid, to be taken and disposed of as aforesaid; and upon Notice given, as aforesaid, all the Inhabitants of St. Anthony’s Parish, or Middle JDivision, are to fend all their working Negroes to repair and amend the ancient Highways or common Roads from Germans Bay to the Town of King [ale, and so to the Town of Plymouth and from thence to the Old Road River, and also from the Town of Plymouth as far as Nineturn Gutt towards the Windward, and all other common Roads or known Highways; and any Person or Persons neglecting or refuting to fend his or their Negroes, as aforesaid, shall be liable to such Fines or Forfeitures as aforesaid, to be taken or levied, and disposed of as aforesaid; and upon Notice given, as aforesaid, all the Inhabitants that live in St. Peter’s Parish, or Northward Division, between the Old Road River and Soldiers Gutt to fend all their working Negroes to repair and amend the Highways or common Roads from the said River to the Bottom of Soldiers Gittt aforesaid, above and below; and the Inhabitants of the said Parish or Division, whole Names are. here following and expressed, viz. Lieutenant-Colonel John Scott, and Mr. William Bazzie, Thomas Mullraync, Mr. Edward Linnington, and Mrs. Ellinor Cave, and the succeeding Possessors of the Plantations on which they now live, to amend and repair the upper Highway or common Road leading from Mr. Thomas Leak’s Pasture to the Bottom of Soldiers Gutt, and all the red of the Inhabitants of that Part of the Division to amend and repair the Highway or common Road leading from Soldiers Gutt to Bottomless Gutt, by Carr’s Bay; and any Person or Persons, neglecting or refilling to fend his or their Negroes, as aforesaid, shall be liable to such Fines and Forfeitures as aforesaid, to be taken or levied, and disposed of as aforesaid.

II. And it is further enacted, ordained, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where the common Road or Highway goes through any Persons Land, he or they who owns the said Land, or he or they who are in Possession of the fame, shall make Fences, by trenching, hedging, walling or railing against the said Highways or common Roads of each Side, which if they neglect or refuse to do, whatsoever Damage or Trespass shall happen to them by Cattle, Horses, or any Manner or Stock passing in the said Roads or Highways, they shall bear the fame themselves without any Manner of Recompence or Satisfaction to be rendered them, since they are required by this Act to fence the fame, as aforesaid.

III. And it is further provided by this Act, That all Highways or common Roads that are cartable shall be Thirty Feet wide at least, and all Highways which are not already fenced, if the fame be in even Land, or Land commonly esteemed even, shall contain in Breadth the fame; and all Highways not already fenced, which are on the Sides of Hills, and not cartable, shall contain Twenty Feet, but if cartable. Thirty Feet clear between the Fences.

IV. And it is further provided by this Act, That where any common Highway shall not be of such sufficient Breadth, as aforesaid, the Surveyors, if they shall find it necessary, may cause the Fence of each Side to be broken down to enlarge or turn the fame; and if the Proprietors, Owners, or Possessors of the Land or Lands on which such Fences stand, shall refuse, or oppose the said Surveyors in executing their Office therein.

3i

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

in, they shall forfeit and lose for such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money, for every hundred Yards he, she, or they shall so refuse to be opened, and so for every Twel ve Months he, she, or they shall so v’ .—-irefufe, to be taken or levied, and disposed of as aforesaid.

V. And it is further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person shall turn any Watercourse or Gutter, or suffer the fame in their Lands to overflow or run into the common Highway, Fane?, he or they shall for every Month forfeit and lose the Sum of Five Pounds current Money, for each Gutter or Watercourse that shall so impair the said Highway.

VI. And it is further enacted, ordained, and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Spring ariseth. Brook or River runneth in or Fences b>-through any Person or Persons Lands, they shall not cut down or clear ^U‘"r8s any handing Woods, Underwoods, Copps, or Bushes, or cause the fame {o'be'de-01 to be done, or Fire set to it, willingly to consume the fame, within Twenty stroyed.

Feet of the fame of each Side, if in Cane or Provision Ground, except

they do immediately plant so much Ground as is before expressed, and by them cleared, fully with planting Trees of each Side of such Spring,

Brook, or River, that the fame may be shaded or covered from the Sun,

(the laying the fame open being oftentimes the Cause of their drying up) and where any Spring rifeth. Brook or River runneth through Pasture, there gC"cnass^L the handing Wood, Underwood, Copps, and Bushes shall be left uncut toTiTfo C* down, as aforesaid, on each Side of the fame for the Space of Thirty Feet on each Feet; and any or all Persons offending herein, shall forfeit and lose as Slde‘ a Fine to our Sovereign Lady the Queen, the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money, for every Fifty Feet of Ground they shall clear or lay open as aforesaid, after the Date of this present Act; which Fine shall be col-leded by the Treasurer of this Island by Virtue of a Warrant from the Judge of the Bivision where the Offence shall be committed, and that by the Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, and by him converted to defray the public Charges of this Island, for which he shall be accountable, as for any other of the public Stock which comes into his Hands.

See aformer Act with ref peel to the Highways, No. 41.

An Act impowering Jifticcs of the Peace to decide Differences j$o ^7.

not exceeding Six Pounds.

WHEREAS many Inconveniencies may and do arise unto the Inhabitants of this Island, by being vexed and troubled with Suit? at Law for small and trivial Injuries^ Debts, and Trespasses, wherein the accustomary Fees and Charges usually exceed the original Debt and Damages; for Prevention whereof, be it enacted and ordained by his Excellency the General, the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of this Island, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That justicesmav all Manner of Trespass, and other ^Matters not exceeding the Value of determine " Six Pounds current Money, may b.e heard, judged, and determined by im'

any

I

32

and without Appeal, under 3L

Penalty on not obeying Justice’s Warrant.

Riftrcfs and Sale.

r<*cs for Warrants, and Constable’s serv-xng.

0’48.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of this Kland within their respective Precincts, without Appeal, for any Caule or Matter under Three Pounds; which said Justices are hereby required, upon Complaint made, to grant a Warrant or Summons against the Person complained ofj thereby requiring him to appear and answer the said Complaint, and in Case of Non-appearance, to issue a Warrant of Contempt, directed to the Constable, to bring the Contemner before him, as wel 1 to answer the said Contempt as the Plaintiff’s Action, and may, if he fee Caule, fine the Contemner, provided the said Fine exceed not Ten Shillings, to be for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, and after Judgment given in either Cause, may grant a Warrant of Dillrels, directed to the Constable, to levy the said Fine, Debt, Damages, and Charges upon the Defendant’s Goods and Chattels, who by Virtue thereof shall expose the fame-to Sale, returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Defendant; and for Want of such Distress shall take the Defendant’s Body into Custody, and convey him to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain till he shall have satisfied the Debt with Charges.

II. And it shall be lawful for the Justices of Peace to receive for each Warrant One Shilling and Six Pence, and no more; and for the Constable for serving each Warrant Nine Pence, together with Three Pence for each Mile he shall be compelled to travel in Execution of the Pre-misses; and the Justice is hereby required to keep a Record of all such Proceedings, under the Penalty of Ten Shillings, the one Half to the Poor of the Parish, and the other Half to the Informer.

N.B. This A hi having been confirmed by the Crown, and the Governor being infir uf.led not to pass any Aht that shall repeal a Law so confirmed without a Clause being infierted therein to fiufpend it’s Execution till approved; therefore the Governor, on faffing an Act in 1728, No. 92, to repeal the foregoing, having cavfiedfiuch 'a fiu/pending Clause to be infierted therein, and no Agent appearing to obtain the Confirmation of that Act, it is fiuffered to remain on it’s Sufipenfiwn, and the above Ac I continued in Force when printed.

An Act to prevent Hazards and Inconveniencies that may happen by Thatcht Houses in the Town 0^ Plymouth; and clande/line Dealings with Negroes.

INASMUCH as there are dispersed within the Town and Limits of Plymouth in this Island, several Thatcht Houses, which in those Parts may not only be of dangerous Consequence, but likewise are Harbours of several idle Persons; we your Majesty's most obedient and loyal Subjects, Christopher Codrington, Esquire, Captain-General, and Governor in Chief of your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands, the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montfierrat, most humbly pray your Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it,

and

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

33

and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That

from and after the first Day of November next ensuing, no Thatcht House, ( 17?2-_J Cottage, or Cabbin be suffered or allowed to Hand or abide in the said NoThiiu-ht Town of Plymouth, or Limits thereof; and if after the said first Day of House, (3c. November any Thatcht House, Cottage, or Cabbin shall be found {landing b.® or abiding in any Part within the said Town, or Limits thereof, it is hereby ofihc Town. enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lieutenant-Governor, or President for the Time being, be, and he is hereby impowered and enabled to issue his Warrant to the Provost-Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, and the Constables of the said Town, to raze, destroy, and pull down all such Thatcht Houses, Cottages, or Cabbins as shall be found within the said Town of Plymouth, or Limits thereof.

II. And forasmuch as die Limits of the said Town are doubtful and uncertain, we pray it may be, and it is further enacted, That the Bounds Limits set-and Limits of the said Town of Plymouth shall at all Times, hereafter be lied-taken and deemed to extend one Furlong on all Sides from the Fort of the said Town, and no further.

III. And that no Person or Persons may hereafter presume to build or .set any Thatcht House, Cottage, or Cabbin within the said Town of

Plymouth, or Limits as aforesaid, we pray it may be, and it is hereby further enabled, That all Persons that have, hold, po{fess, or enjoy any Penalty on Parcels of Land within the same, which shall build, erefl, or set up, or that shall procure or suffer to be built, erected, or set up, any Thatcht House, Houses, (3c. Cottage, or Cabbin, shall forfeit Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar, together with the Land the said Thatcht House, Cottage, or Cabbin shall hand upon, the same to be one Half to her Majesty, her Heirs anclSuccessors, for and towards the Support of this Island, the other Half to the Informer, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court within this Island; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And inasmuch as there are living, not only in and about the said . Tow’n of Plymouth, but moll other Parts of this Bland, several idle People,

and Persons of bale and evil Fame, who live by their private and clandestine Trade with Negroes and Slaves, encouraging them to cheat and {leal from their Masters and Owners, Provisions, Sugar, Rum, Molasses, and other the Manufactures, Produ£iions, and Growth of the Bland, which could not be done undetedled were not the said Persons Abettors and Receivers of the fame, who, well knowing they are safe against Law so long as no Evidence but that of Slaves can be brought against them, which hitherto hath not been held valid against any Person; therefore for the future preventing the further impoverishing your Majesty's said Subjects by the said Persons secret Dealings, Combination, and Trading with their Slaves, we pray it may be, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Person, living in any Part of this Penalty on Bland, and having no visible or apparent Way of Maintenance or Liveli-hood, shall buy or receive any of the said Goods, or other Commodities 4

whatsoever, or have any Trade or Dealing with any Slave whatsoever, without the Knowledge or Consent of the Master or Owner of such Slave, and shall be convicted thereof before any of the Judges of Record within the said Island, and one of their Assistants, by any such Evidence as tire said Judge and Assistant shall judge sufficient in their own Judgements and Consciences, notwithstanding it may not be according to the strict Custom and Letter of the Law, that then the said Person or Persons so convicted shall suffer such Corporal Punishment (not extending to Life or Member) as the said Judge and Assistant shall adjudge him or

I them.

34 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 1702.

Goods fciz-cd to be proved by the Claimer,

or forfeited to the Crown.

Penalty on Concealers.

Seamen not to be trusted above a Piece of Eight at any Victuallirtg-"House.

them to suffer, or pay such Fine or Fines as they the said Judge and Assistant shall appoint, the Fame to be levied, or executed by Warrant from, the said Judge and Assistant, as the said Warrant ffiali direci; always provided, the said Judge and Assistant have due Regard, and give Judgment not extending to Life or Member, but to pay such Fine or Fines according to the true Merit of the Fast committed, and not otherwise; always provided, that no Fine laid or intended by Virtue of this Act shall exceed or amount to more than Twenty Pounds current Money of this Hland.

V. And be it likewise further enacted, That if, upon any Judge’s Warrant, directed to the Provost-Marshal, or his lawful Deputy, and the Constables within his Division, for the searching any suspected Houses, there should be found therein any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth or Production of this Island, or any other Place, the Proof shall lie on the Claimer, or on him or them in whole Custody it shall be so found, how and by what Means they came by such Goods and Commodities there and then taken, which Proof shall be made by the Oath of the Party from whom they received or bought the fame, to be administered by the Judge who issued the said Warrant, and for Want of due Proof, as aforesaid, all Commodities and Merchandize so found and taken shall be restored to the right Owner, if known, or otherwise to be forfeited to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and towards the Support of the Government of this Hland, and the contingent Charges thereof, and without further Process, to be sold at a public Sale, by the Marshal or Deputy, who are hereby required to render the true Value as fold for to the Treasurer, when demanded; and moreover the Persons in whole Custody such Goods as aforesaid were taken, shall be liable to pay any Fine the Judge and his Assistant shall think fit to impose, not exceeding Twenty Pounds current Money, or otherwise to suffer such Punishment as is before provided in this Act.

VI. And forasmuch as many Inconveniencies do oftentimes arise by Seamen, or Sailors frequenting such Thatcht Houses or Cottages, as also Taverns and Rum-punch Houses, whereby the Dispatch of such Ships or Vessels as they belong to are retarded or prolonged; be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Date of this present Act, any Person whatsoever keeping a House of Entertainment, Tavern, Punch House, or that shall reside in any Cottage, who shall for any Liquor or Victuals credit or trust any Seaman or Sailor for more than the Value of one Piece of Eight, during the Stay of such Vessel or Ship which he belongs to for that present Voyage, ffiali lose whatever Money they ffiali credit or trust such Seaman or Sailor with; and that no Magistrate ffiali take any Cognizance of any Plea or Plaint made to him for any Sum exceeding one Piece of Eight as aforesaid.

An.

35

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

An Act to prevent burning or breaking of Canes.

BE it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by his Excellency the General and Governor in Chief in and over her Majesty's Cha-ribbee Leciucvrd Islands, the Honourable the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of this laid Island of Montserrat, That if any Person whatsoever, white or black, shall presume to carry any Fire, Torches, or smoak Tobacco through any Canes, Paths, or Ranges, on either Side of which Canes are planted, if a White, shall forfeit for each Time he or she so offend. Five Shillings, the one Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, the other to him or them that shall inform, to be recovered immediately by a Warrant from the next Judge, Justice of the Peace, or Assistant of Court or Courts, who are hereby impowered to grant the fame, directed to the Constable, for levying the said Fine; and if a Black, he shall suffer a levere Whipping, not exceeding Thirty Nine Lathes.

II. And if by their or any of their carrying Fire, or smoaking Tobacco through Canes, Paths, or Ranges, as aforesaid, any Canes shall happen to be burnt, then, and in such Case, the Party who shall be a Sufferer, shall have his Damages viewed by the next Two Freeholders, and accordingly shall, on their Report under their Hands, and by the Oath of one or both of them, recover in any Court of Record within this Island the full Value of the Damages so reported to be done; that is to say, from a White, if free'; if a Servant or Black, then from the Owner; and if the Damages appear to be more than the said Servant’s Time or Negro shall be worth, then it shall be at the Election of the Proprietor of the said Servant or Slave, either to pay the Damages, or deliver up his Right and Title in either, to him or them whose Canes were so burnt, together with all Coils and Charges he or she shall be at in prosecuting the fame; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And inasmuch as many or moil of the Inhabitants, through Cove-toufness, or some other evil Ends, do not leave sufficient Didance or Ranges betwixt theirs and their Neighbours Canes on the Borders or Bounds of their respective Plantations, whereby several Times Damage is done by Fire; be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the Bounds or Borders of all Plantations within this Island, where Canes are or shall be planted, that there shall be a Range of Ground left, to conlift of Five and Thirty Feet in Breadth at the lead, whereof the Windermost Plantation muff allow Twenty Feet to Windward of the Line or markt Trees, and the Leeward Fifteen Feet: And left the said Portion or Allowance of Ground should be too little to prevent Fire, it is further enabled. That when and as often as there shall be Occasion for burning the Ground or Tralh on either Side of the Bounds or Line, then the Party that shall have Occasion to fire or burn his Grounds, shall give the other Four and Twenty Hours Warning, or Notice beforehand at the leaf!:, to the End all Dangers may be prevented.

IV. And it is likewise enacted and ordained, That where any Canes shall be burnt joining to the Bounds of any Plantation or Plantations, and the said Range or Dillance of Ground not left, or Warning not given, then all Damages fullained shall be borne and made good by the Party who shall be convicted or found tardy of his or their Neglect or Non-performance of either, to be recovered in any Court of Record within this Island: And to the End the said Damages may be ascertained. be it

5°*

Penalty oft carrying Fire, or smoaking Tobacco through Su- gar Plantations.

AllDamagca to be made good.

Difliances to be observed

between

Plantations*

Aggrcilbr to make good Damages,

3

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

enacted, That the same shall be valued and appraised by Two Freeholders

, 1702- of the Parish where it shall so happen, upon whole Estimate or Report v under the Hands, together with the Oath of one or both of them, 'cTfuTi e Ae Judgment shall be grounded. Provided, That this Clause shall not cTanes^e11C be in Force, or take it’s dire Effect in any Place or Places where Canes ripe. are planted, within the Bounds aforesaid, until they shall be ripe or cut off.

Penalty on

V. And it is hereby enacted and ordained. That where any White shall Ca'nes.115 lhe be taken or found breaking a Cane or Canes, in any Plantation within this Island, he, she, or they shall immediately forfeit and pay Ten Shillings, one Half to the Owner or Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish, to be recovered after the same Manner as a Fine for carrying Fire through Canes is by this Act; and if the said White shall not have whereon to levy the said Fine, then he or she shall be whipped on the bare Back, not exceeding Twenty Lashes; and where any Negro or Slave shall be caught or found doing the like, he or she shall suffer a severe Whipping, not exceeding Thirty Nine Lashes; and when any Black shall be seen breaking of Canes, as aforesaid, and will not Hand to be caught or taken, then it shall be lawful for the Owner of the Canes, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, to use all possible Means to take them; and if in Pursuit it shall so happen that any Negro shall be wounded or killed, there shall no Remedy or Satisfaction be made for the fame; any Law, Usage, or Custom. to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

1705.

54. An Act for quieting Possessions, and for the better securing and confirming the 'Titles of Lands in this If and.

Treambie. T3" THE RE AS by several Hurricanes, Fires, Invasions by the French and Indians, Insurrections of Negroes, and other unforeseen Accidents, moll of the Records of this Island, together with several Patents, Deeds, and Evidences, whereupon the greater Part, of the Titles of this Island do depend, were loft and destroyed; whereby divers Purchasers and others, whole Titles are secured by and under the said Records, Patents, Deeds, and Evidences, are in Danger of having the fame impeached and called in Question, unless some speedy Care be taken therein; for Remedy whereof, and for quieting the Inhabitants of this Island in the Possessiou of their respective Estates, for avoiding tedious, chargeable, and unforeseen Law-suits, and also for preventing any vexatious Prosecutions from any future Governors, or any other Persons whatsoever, by Courts of Escheat or Exchequer, in Pretence of her Majesty's Right accruing by former Forfeitures, Want of Heirs, or otherwise, which said Prosecutions being often upon frivolous Grounds, tend greatly to the Disquiet and Discou-ragement of her Majesty's loyal Subjects, we her Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commander in Chief of all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Lieutenant-Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do pray your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it

37 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all

Persons whatsoever, that at the Time of making this Act, are heized in , 1705- i their own Rights in the Demesnes, as of Fee, of and in any Lands, perfo^pof-Tenements, or Hereditaments within this Island, which now are, by ,c{Iid 10 themselves, Attornies, or Guardians, and for the Space of Ten Years lall ^Ir^Oates pall before the making of this Act have been in the actual, peaceable, and to be deem-quiet Possession of them, or of their Ancellors, whole Heirs they are, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be the lawful and rightful Proprietors and Owners of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments by them so possessed, as effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Ancestor of such Person or Persons had been seized of a good and inde-feazable Estate in Fee-simple therein, and the fame had immediately def-cended from such Ancellors to the Person possessed, as Heir at Law to him, or had been otherwise vested in him in Fee-simple by the moll firm Conveyance or Assurance that by Counsel learned in the Law could be ad-viled or devised.

II. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained. This Act shall not extend or be conllrued to bar Infants under the Age of Twenty J^atobar One Years, Femes-covert, or their Barons claiming in their Right, Tenants Infants, (3c. in Dower, or any Person or Persons to whom any Right or Title of Dower

hath accrued, Persons non compos mentis, or beyond the Seas, and out of the Government of thele Islands at the Time of making this Act being, so as every such Person and Persons do and shall effectually prosecute their Claim unto such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, where-unto they have or pretend to have had a jull legal Title at the Time of making this Act, within the Time or Times herein after limited and appointed, viz. Infants at any Time during the Minority, or within Five What Time Years after his or their having attained their full Age of Twenty One Years; Femes-covert, with their Barons, at any Time during their Cover- to r«c For ture, or within Five Years after their Discoverture; Tenants in Dower, or Estates-Persons to whom any Right or Title of Dower hath accrued within Five Years from the making this Act.; Persons non compos mentis, within Five Years after their coming of found Memory; and Persons beyond the Seas, and out of the Limits of these her Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands at the Time of making this Act being; and not then having Attorney or Attornies on this Island, by him or them duly authorized and impowered to sue, within Five Years from the making this Act, and at no Time after the said Times respectively hereby limited.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall impede or bar any Person or Persons whatsoever, who have any Title or Claim

to any Ellate that is now held at the making this Act, either in Fee-tail,

General or Special, or after Polfibility of Ilfue extinct, for Life, for Years, or as Tenant at Will, or Sufferance, so as they prosecute such their Right within Five Years after the making of this Act, or within Five Years after the Determination of such particular Ellate, and the Commencement of the Title of such Person to the Possession thereof; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provi ded also. That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, Proviso-shall not extend to bar or hinder an)' Person’s Proceedings in recovering

any Ellate in this Island, who have commenced their Suits at Law for the fame before the passing this Act, and such Suit is now depending undetermined.

K

An

38

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

, *7*4-

0° 6z. An Act for repealing a certain Clause in an Act macle in the Reign of King William, intituled, An Act to restrain the Insolence of Slaves, and for preventing them from committing any Outrages, as also for the better ordering such Slaves.

[Preamble.]

There is an Act pa fed £7:1693, No. 3 6,/oi. 43, comes near the Purport of the Act refer-red to, but it is doubtful if feme Act was not passed in 1696, not note to be found i

Negroes executed, to be paid for by the Public.

[Proviso.]

WHEREAS by an Act confirmed by King William, of Glorious Memory, upon the Thirty First Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Six Hundred Ninety Six, intituled, An Act to restrain the Insolence of Slaves, and for preventing than from committing any Outrages, as also for the better ordering such Slaves, it is especially provided for in one Clause of the said Act, " That if any Negro or " Negroes shall be executed, by suffering Death, that the Owner or " Owners of such Negro or Negroes shall receive and be paid out of the " public Treasury of this Island the Sum of Three Thousand Five " Hundred Pounds of Muscovado SugarAnd whereas it is now found by Experience (to the great Delay of Justice) that several Negroes having committed great Crimes and Misdemeanors, who in all Probability would have suffered Death, provided they had been brought to Justice, but the Owner or Owners of the aforesaid Negroes not efleeming the aforesaid Quantity of Three Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar sufficient, and of full Value for the aforesaid Negroes, have endeavoured to conceal the said Negroes rather than bring them to Justice; we therefore pray your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Commander in Chief of all your Majesty s Lcexoard Charibbee lilands in America, and the President, Council, and Assembly of Monferral, That every Clause, Article, Thing or Things of the aforesaid Act, in Relation to the Payment of Three Thousand Five Hundred Pounds of Muscovado Sugar out of the public Treasury of this Island to the Owner or Owners of such Negro or Negroes that shall be so put to Death, shall from henceforward, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, be repealed, made void, and of none EfFeft.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, every Owner or Owners of any Negro or Negroes which shall be so put to Death shall be paid from and out of the public Treasury of this Island so much Money or Sugar that any such Negro or Negroes shall be appraised or deemed to be worth, immediately after such Negro or Negroes shall have received Judgment to suffer Death; which Appraisement is to be made by the Lieutenant-Governor, or President, and Council of this Island, and such Appraisement to be entered in the Book of Records of the Councifby the Secretary of the Council; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall be deemed, construed, or taken to repeal or make void any other Clause, Article, Thing or Things in the aforementioned Act.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

39

An Act for the punishing such Persons as shall detain other 75". Persons Slaves or Servants.

T^1 ORAS MUCH as many Persons in this Island are and have been - very subject to detain in their Plantations other Aden’s Slaves or Servants that have been run away from their Masters or Millrefles, which hath been very injurious to the Inhabitants of this Island; lor Prevention whereof for the future, we pray your Alolt Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by his Excellency Walter Hamilton. Esquire, Captain-General, and Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of Montserrat, That whatsoever Person or Persons penalty on shall presume to delude away any other Person’s Slaves or Servants employing run away, in her or his Plantation, or shall employ the said Slaves or Ser- sj"vcsor vants so run away or absent from his Master or Alillrefs, shall forfeit Servants, and pay to the Owner or Owners of such Slaves or Servants Twenty Shillings per diem current Money for every Day it shall be proved that each of the said Slaves or Servants were entertained or kept in his or her Plantation, with the Knowledge and Privity of the Owner or Manager of such Plantation, and without the Consent of the Owner or Manager of the said Slaves or Servants* to be immediately executed on the Offender or Offenders, upon his or their Conviction by the Oath of a creditable Witness, or Confession of the Party to be accused, before the Chief Justice and his Affillants for the Time being, and upon the Oath of Twelve Men, upon an Action of the Cafe or Detinue, in which there shall be no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, and but one Imparlance; provided. That no Verdict thatlhall be found by the said aforesaid Twelve Men, shall exceed or be less than the Sum of Twenty Shillings per diem.

II. And it is further provided. That after Judgment there shall issue To be levied out a Fieri facias, to be executed by the Provost-marshal, or his law- a£dSalcCrs ful Deputy for the Time being, upon the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of the Offender, to be sold at public Outcry to satisfy the Plaintiff, and the Overplus to be returned to the Defendant; and if no Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements to be found, then a Capias ad Satisfaciendum to be executed as aforesaid: Provided, That nothing in this Act shall affect any Executor, Administrator, or Guardian, detaining any Servants or Slaves as he is Executor, Adminiffra-for, or Guardian: Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall affect any Person detaining any Slaves or Servants by any Writ of Replevin, yet notwithstanding the Person damaged upon Account of such Writ of Replevin, may bring his Action of Damages at any Court of Law as usual.

A)t

40

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

0° 76.

Persons not to be arref-ted on public Days.

1722.

82.

An Act for the exempting the several Members of the Council and Assembly, and other Persons, from Arrests on public Days.

FORASMUCH as the several Members of the Council and Aflem-bly of this Island, and their respective Clerks, are obliged to meet and attend the pubic Service as often as they are convened by the Captain-general, Lieutenant-governor, or other Commanding Officer, in Order to the redressing many Grievances, and for the making good and wholesome Laws for the Benefit of this Colony: And forasmuch as the aforesaid Members, and every other the Inhabitants of this Island, are obliged to attend upon the Courts of Justice, when held, either as Jurymen, Evidences, or as Plaintiffs or Defendants, as alfd to meet upon the Summons of their respective Officers, in Order to be disciplined; all which has been often neglected, by Reason of the Apprehension the aforesaid Persons have been under of being taken up by Warrants of Arrest, or Writs of Execution; for Prevention of which for the future, and in Order that the public Good may not be impeded, we pray your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by his Excellency Walter Hamilton, Esquire, Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of Montserrat, That from and after the Publication of this Act, the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or Deputies, final] not, by Virtue of any Writ issuing out, or that shall issue out of any Court of Justice within this Island, levy the same upon any of the aforesaid Persons, or upon any Servant or Slave waiting on them, or upon the Horse they shall ride at such public Days, as aforesaid, but all such Persons, and their Servants, &c. are hereby exempted from such Arrest on such public Days, and for Twenty Four Hours before such Day or Days of meeting, and Twenty Four Hours after; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

Jin Act for the preventing keeping Canoes, unless Jiifficient Security be given; and to prevent Members of the Council and Assembly fgning any Adjustments out of their respective Houses.

WHEREAS it hath been taken into Consideration how

and intolerable it is and hath been to the Inhabitants of this Island, by Means of Persons keeping Canoes, and take little or no Care of them, by which many of the aforesaid Inhabitants have been great Sufferers, by their Slaves being carried, and running off in the said Canoes; for the preventing the said Losses for the future, we pray' your

41 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is

hereby enacted by the Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Lee-ward Charibbee Islands, the Council and Assembly of MoniJ'errat, v‘— That all and every Person or Persons within the said Island, that is Security to Owner or Part- owner of any Canoe or Canoes, do, within Six Days bc siven b>r after Publication of this Act, repair to the Secretary’s Office in this keeping Island, and there give in Bond, with Two able and sufficient Securities, Canoes, being Freeholders, for the Sum of Five Hundred Pounds current Money, payable to the Lieutenant-governor, or President, or their Successors, for the paying such Person or Persons the Loss he or they shall fullain by Means of their Slave or Slaves running off in his or their Canoe or Canoes.

II. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That what- Personsda-soever Person or Persons shall fuller by Means aforesaid, that in all such "ue8the s°-Cafes such Person’s Bond (given as aforesaid) shall be ligned over by curity. Letter of Attorney from such Lieutenant-governor, or President, to such Person or Person as shall be thereby prejudiced, to be sued in any of his Majesty's Courts within this Island, and the Penalty thereof recovered again!! him or them, out of which Recovery Satisfaction shall be awarded

to the Person or Persons prejudiced, with his Charge and Damages; and if such Lieutenant-governor, or President, upon Requell made by the Penalty on Person suffering, shall refitfe or neglect to lign over to him, by Letter of ^°v°™01’5 Attorney, such Bond or Bonds given as aforesaid) he shall forfeit Five complying Hundred Pounds current Money to the Party or Parties grieved, to with this be recovered by him or them, his Executors, or their Adminillra- aw’ tors, againlh such Lieutenant-governor, or President, his Executors or Administrators, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of the Courts of Record within this Island, wherein no Essoign, Pro-tefclion, Privilege, Injunction, or Wager of Law shall be admitted or allowed.

III. An d if any Owner or Part-owner of such Canoe or Canoes shall Penalty on neglect or refuse to give in such Security as aforesaid, and within the Time security"5 aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Provost-marshal, or

his Deputy, and for all and every the Constables within this Island, and all other public Officers therein, calling to their Assistance such Person or Persons as they or any of them shall find convenient and necessary, to burn, consume, or break into Pieces, and utterly destroy all and every such Canoe or Canoes.

IV. And if any such Canoe or Canoes shall lie undestroyed by the Penalty on Space of Fourteen Days after the Owner or Owners thereof shall re- ^,°n^ble’r fuse to give in such Bond, that then the Constable or Constables, or foraringpCr other aforesaid public Officers, within whole respective Parish such Canoe their Duty, or Canoes shall lie undestroyed, shall pay for every such Offence Twenty Pounds lawful Money of the Island aforesaid, the one Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, to be applied to repairing the Fortifications of this Island, the other Moiety to him that shall sue for the lame, to be recovered

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within this Island.

V. And if any Person shall refuse or neglect to aid and affill (being Penalty for thereunto required) any of the aforesaid Officers in the due Execution of ama tife'ott this Act, every such Person or Persons for such Offence shall be committed Beers in

to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain for the Space of Three their Dut>’’ Months without Bail or Mainprize.

42

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

, 1722, l if any Member of the Council and Assembly shall, after the Publication where pub- of this Act, sign any public Adjustment out of their respective Houses, lie Adjust- shall forfeit for every such Offence One Hundred Pounds current Money, beTfi^ned ° *1C one Moiety to our Sovereign Lord the King, to be applied to the 0 ' repairing the Fortifications aforesaid, the other Moiety to him that shall

hue for the fame, being a- Member of either House, in Form aforesaid, provided the said Action be brought within Seven Months after such Offence committed.

An Act to prevent the frequenting of Taverns, Ale-houses, and other Tippling-houses by Seamen; and for the preventing the felling of Rum, Rum Punch, or other Liquors, to Negroes on Sundays.

WHEREAS the frequenting of Taverns, Alehouses, and other Tippling-houses, by the several Seamen arriving to this llland, and the great Neglects by them committed in the Service of their respective Masters and Employers, to the great Damage of the fame, and because of the Readiness of several People to trufl Sailors, which Masters are often forced to pay, or else the Vessels cannot fail, and their Voyage hindered and loll; for Prevention whereof for the future, we pray your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained, by the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of Mont-Sailors Jerrat, That whatsoever Seaman shall be found on Shore after Eight of Short a" A6 Clock at Night, and shall not shew a Certificate for his being so alhore Night,with- from the Master or Owner whom he serves, or cannot give a good Account outCcrtifi- thereof, shall be taken up by the next Constable or Officer, and be con-imprisoned. veyed to the common Gaol, and the next Morning to be brought to a.

Justice of the Peace, wTho, according as in his Discretion shall fee good. Penalty for shall release him: And whosoever shall be found to receive or entertain Saiiors'at"8 !'uc^ Seamen into their Houses after the Time aforesaid, being not licensed unfeafona- thereto, as aforesaid, shall forthwith, on such Default, forfeit and pay unto bie Times, the public Treasury, to the public Use of this llland. Forty Shillings current Money, the same to be levied by Warrant to the Constable from the said Justice of Peace directed.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and ordained by the Authority tobetruftied a^orefa^j That no Master or Commander of any Ship or Vessel shall be above 6s. liable to pay any of the Scores or Debts (exceeding Six Shillings) made by the respective Seamen in any Taverns, Alehouses, or other Tippling-houses in this llland, but that all Persons so trailing any such Seamen for Liquor, they having not Engagement for the fame from, their Master, shall be incapable of recovering the fame in any Court within this llland.

III. And forasmuch as many Enormities have been committed, and great Hurts done by the excessive Drinking of Negroes and other Slaves,

in

1724.

#"85-

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

43

in Tippling-houses on the Sabbath Day; for Remedy whereof for the

future, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Person or Persons within the Towns of Plymouth and Kingsale, or living penaItyon betwixt the said two Towns, after Publication hereof shall fell any Rum, fciiingstrong or any strong Liquors, to any Negro or Slave, or to any other Person for the Use of any Negro or Slave, and being convicted thereof, by the Oath of any Christian, before the next Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit Forty Shillings current Money for every such Offence, the one Half to the Informer, the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Offender liveth, to be recovered as aforesaid: And if any white Person whatsoever shall buy any Rum, or other strong Liquors, for any Negro or Slave, shall forfeit Twenty Shillings for every such Offence, to be disposed of as aforesaid, and to be recovered as aforesaid, or receive Ten Lashes upon his or her bare Back, by any Constable, or such as he shall procure.

An Act for holding a Court of General Sessions. 86.

WHEREAS it is found necessary, for the Peace and good Government of this Island, and for the Benefit and Safety of the Inhabitants, that there should be held once every Year a Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace; we therefore pray your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Governor in Chief of all your Majesty's Leeward Cha-ribbee Iflanas, the Council, and Assembly of Montferr at, That from and General Sei-after Publication of this Act, once in every Year, viz. on the first Tuesday r,°»stobe in October, shall be held in the Town of Plymouth a Court of Grand Session Year °atPif of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol Delivery, and General Sessions of month. the Peace, by such Persons as are hereafter nominated and appointed; that is to say. The Lieutenant-governor for the Time being, the President of the Council, and all other Members of the Council for the Time being. His Majesty's Chief Justice, and Justices Assistants for the Time being, and all other His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for this Island for the Time being, in which Sessions the first nominated by this Act, being on this Island, shall preside, whereof the Lieutenant-governor, or President of the Council for the Time being, and any Five of His Majesty's Council, or the Chief Justice, or Justices Assistants for the Time being, to be of the Quorum; and all the Proceedings of the said Court shall be according to the Laws and Statutes of Great Britain, and according to the Laws of this Iflafrd: And for the more regular holding the Freeholders laid Sessions, the Lieutenant-governor, or other Person first named, as aforesaid, shall give Notice to the Inhabitants by his Precepts or Writs, directed to the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, and to the several Constables in every Parish, of the Time and Place when and where the said Court of Sessions is to be held, and there to <cepair and give their Attendance, to do such Service in His Majesty's Behalf as shall be then and there required of them, and thence not to depart till they be discharged

44

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

t

1724.

Justices to lend Depo-fitions, &c. o the Clerk of the Crown.

Penalty on not attending Sessions.

Prosecutor to apply to Attorney general 3 ZSc,

Forfeitures how to be applied.

Expence of Sessions, how to be defrayed.

Clerk of the Crown to return Estreats, £Bc9

by the said Court; and the said Marshal, Deputy, and Constables, shall make their several Returns of the Freeholders summoned by them, to the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, Eight Days before the Sitting of the said Sessions, otherwise to be fined at the Discretion of the Court.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several JuRices of the Peace, Coroners, and other Officers, before whom any Matters of Life and Death shall, or Recognizances, Inquefis, De-positions, or other Writings relating to the Sessions, be made or taken, shall fend the same to the Clerk of the Crown, or his Deputy, Eight Days at least before the said Sessions, under the Penalty of forfeiting Twenty Pounds, to the Use of His Majesty, upon Proof thereof made to the Lieutenant-governor, or any other Magistrate, and to Rand committed by Warrant from either the said Persons, till the said Forfeiture is paid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whosoever of His Majesty's said JuRices, Coroners, and other Officers, or other Persons summoned as Jurymen, or who ought to give their Attendance at the said Sessions, shall fail in their Attendance according to their several Duties, or neglect to appear, being called, or depart from the said Sessions during the Sitting of the fame, without Leave for his or their so doing, shall be fined Five Pounds, to the Use of His Majesty.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons bound over to prosecute any Person or Persons whatsoever at the said Sessions, shall. Seven Days at leaR before the said Sessions, apply themselves to His Majesty's Attorney or Solicitor General, or to His Majesty's Counsel atLaw, or to the Clerk of the Crown, in Order to carry on the said Prosecutions, and shall give the fulleR and bell Information they can of the several Matters and Crimes by them to be prosecuted, to the End that Bills of Indictments or Informations, as the several Cafes shall require, may in due Time be prepared; and every Person bound over to prosecute, who shall fail herein, mail forfeit to Plis Majesty, Idis Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Ten Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That the incident Charges of every Sections, as to the Entertainment of the Court, and Grand Jury (not exceeding in any Sessions the Sum of Fifty Pounds) shall be paid out of the Fines and Forfeitures.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clerk of the Crown, or his lawful Deputy, shall, within Three Weeks after the End of every Sessions, certify and return to the Lieutenant-governor, or President in Council for the Time being, or into Flis Majesty's Court of Exchequer, a full and particular Account of Fines, Forfeitures, and Estreats at the said Sessions, under the Penalty and Forfeiture of Fifty Pounds on the said Clerk of the Crown, for every Fine, Forfeiture, and Recognizance, ordered to be eflreated, which he shall not return, as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fines and Forfeitures which shall become due by Virtue of this Act, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to the Use and Purposes herein after declared; that is to say, towards the repairing, and keeping in Repair the Forts and Fortifications in this Island, and the contingent Charges thereof, and to be paid into the Hands of the public Treasurer.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

45

1729-

An Act for the establishing of a Court of King s-bench and Common-pleas, and a Cozirt of Errors, and for the more speedy Execution of Justice; and for colleEling certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket settled by his Excellency, by the Advice of the Council.

FOR AS MUCH as nothing can tend more to the Encouragement of Trade, or more effectually promote the Reputation and Prosperity of the said Island, than the establishing of Courts, wherein Justice may be frequently and duly administered; we His Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief of all His Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of Mon ferr at, do most humbly pray His Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the said Governor in Chief, and the said Council and Assembly, and by the Authority thereof. That in the said Court of Island of Montserrat shall hereafter be held a Court of King’s-bench and and Common-pleas, which shall consist of a Chief Justice, and Four other commoa-Justices Assistants, to be from Time to Time appointed by the Governor or pleas. Commander in Chief of the said Leeward Islands in America; which Justices shall be, and they are hereby authorized to hear, try, and determine in the said Court according to the Laws and Usage of the Realm of Great Britain, and the Laws and Usage of the said Island, as well all Actions,

Suits, and Prosecutions at Law as are now depending in the present Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas of the said Island, as those which hereafter shall be commenced or brought in the Court to be established by this Act.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Juf- ju(i;Ccsto tices, before they enter upon the Execution of their said Offices, respect take the lively, take the Oaths of Allegiance, Supremacy, and Abjuration, and °athS) make and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, together with the following Oath; viz.

I A.B. do swear upon the holy Evangelists, That I will not delay or deny The Oath.

Justice to any Person, but with my utmost Diligence will execute and perform the Office of Chief Justice ft or Justice Affstant) and to the best of my Skill will give Judgment in all Matters by me to be determined, without Interest., Prejudice, or Affection.

So help me God.

Which Oaths shall be administered to the said Chief Justice and Justices . Assistants, by the Council of this Island.

III. And it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Power of said Justices, after having so qualified themselves, shall have as full and lhe Justices* ampie Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction in all Things within the said Island, as the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Kings-bench and Common-pleas at Westminster have or can respectively have or exercise within the said Realm of Great Britain; subject nevertheless to such Jurisdictions,

Power, and Authority, as His Majesty's said Court of King’s-bench at

46

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Westminster hath usually had and exercised over all other Courts of Law

1729- or Justice within His laid Majesty's Kingdoms and Dominions, and the Y Proceedings and Judgments thereof.

Court of

XV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court bcnchwhere Utall for the future be held at the Town of Plymouth in the said Island, on to be held, the second Tucfdciy of the Months of March, April, May, June, July, and and vhen. Augvf in every Tear, and shall or may be adjourned or continued by the said Justices, or any Two of them, at their Discretions, so as such Adjournment be not made for any longer Time than Ten Days from the Time Times of of such Adjournment; provided, always. That no Adjournment of the men°Urn" Court in the Month of Augvf in every respective Year be made for any longer Time than Three Days only.

Directions V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Two Juf-GmcrTi'ns tices of the said Court may hear and try all General Issues; but that no iffucs, Spc- Judgment shall be given on any Special Plea, Demurrer, or Special Ver-oat Pleas, di£l, or on any General Verdict, where any Motion shall be made in Arrest of Judgment, or other Matter of Law shall arise, but in the Presence of Three of the said Justices at least, and any Judgment otherwise given, shall be, ipso fatlo, void.

D?c°araantl

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Addons to tions, when be brought or commenced in the said Court shall be entered, and all De-to be enter- clarations shall be filed in the Secretary’s Office Ten Days at leaf! before andferved. Sitting of each Court; and that Copies of all Declarations, and also all Writs of Summons, shall be served on the Parties Defendants Four Days, ex cl u five of the Court Day; which said Writ of Summons shall be after the Manner following, viz.

MONTSERRAT,

GEORGE, by the Grace of God, See. To the Provost-marshal, or his lazuful Deputy; Greeting'.

WE command you to Jummon A.B. to be and appear at Our next Court of King's-bench and Common-pleas to be held for this If and the Day of at the Town of Plymouth, then and

there to aifwer C.D. in an Action of Hereof let him not

fail, at his Peril.

Witness E. F. Our Chief Justice of Our said Court, the Day of in the Year of Our Reign.

Copy of the VII. But it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in maCbefiied Actions of Account, and Actions upon Bills, Bonds, and AJfumpfits, ay ’ the Plaintiff need not file any Declaration, but a Copy of the Account or Demand, signed by the Plaintiff or his Attorney, and a Summons aforesaid for the Defendant’s Appearance, shall be as good and effectual as an ManneroF Original: And in Cafe any Defendant or Defendants, in any Action or leaving a Adhons which shall be brought or commenced against him. or them, shall ec arauon. conceaj Xnm or themselves, so as the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, or other Person summoning, cannot find such Defendant or Defendants, or if such Defendant or Defendants shall, at the Time of bringing or commencing of any Action or Suit against him or them, happen to he absent from the said Island, then in either of the said Cafes, one Summons and a Copy of the Declaration or Demand (as the Case shall require) being left at his or their usual Place of Abode, or upon the Freehold of such Defendant or Defendants,

Form of a Writ of Summons.

47

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Defendants, and another Summons nailed up at the Court-house Door, i----->

shall be deemed and taken as sufficient as a personal Service and Delivery t 1729- of such Summons, Declaration, or Demand upon or to such Defendant or y' Defendants.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Directions Justices, or any of them, shall have Power to hear and determine in Court, without a Jury, all Manner of Actions and Suits under the Value of Ten tions. Pounds current Money, or One Thousand Pounds of Sugar, and likewise

all causes relating to Servants Wages, and Debts due to Artificers and Labourers for Work done, not exceeding Two Thousand Pounds of Sugar, or Fifteen Pounds current Money, and in such Case the Oath of the Plaintiff shall, if the Court think fit, be a sufficient Evidence to prove the Debt or Demand.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Trials of Actions or Suits in the said Courts, shall be at the second Court next after minin»Suits! the bringing or commencing of such Actions or Suits; and that Judgment

[Proviso.]

shall there immediately be given upon every Verdict found in the said Court, unless the Party against whom such Judgment is to be given shall at the fame Court shew sufficient Cause to arrelt or flay the fame; and if any Defendant or Defendants shall make Default at the second Court in any Action for Debt or Contraft made, or Duty arising, or for Goods or other Things fold, or for Promise made, the Court shall take the Evidence, and Judgment shall be given against him thereupon, as by Default; and that in all Judgments by Default, upon the Plaintiff’s proving his Cause of Action to the Court by lawful Evidence, the Court shall adjust the Debt and Damages, which shall be as effectual as if a Writ of Enquiry had been executed thereon; provided. That if such Defendant be a Minor, non conipos mentis, or absent from this Government, such Persons, after their respective Disabilities removed, may, by themselves or their Attornies, have their several Remedies for what they wrongfully loft by the said Judgment; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Special Pleas and Demurrers to Actions, Writs, or Declarations, shall be filed, and Copies delivered to the other Side Ten Days before the second in Order'for Court, otherwise the Defendant shall be obliged to plead the General TnaI-Issue; and the Plaintiff shall file and deliver (as above) his Demurrer

or Replication, or other Matter by him to be pleaded. Six Days before the Court Day, otherwise the Defendant shall have Day till the third Court; and that upon a Joinder in Demurrer, the Justices shall appoint a Day not exceeding Ten Days, to hear it argued, and upon a reasonable Cause may adjourn any Plea to the next Court, and no longer.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately By whom after all Judgments for Debt or Damages, the Chief Justice, or, in his

Absence or Sickness, the next senior Justice, and after the next Justice, signed. and so on, successively, to all in Commission, shall, at the Request of the Party obtaining Judgment, sign and seal a Writ of Execution of such Judgment; which said Execution shall be after the Manner following, viz.

How the Plaintiff is to proceed

GEORGE,

48

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

GEORGE, by the Grace of God, See. To the Provost-marshal, ' v ' or his lawful Deputy; Greeting:

Execution? ‘TIT THERE AS at Our Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas held at the Town of Plymouth in the aforesaid Island, Judgment was obtained against at the Suit of

for These are therefore to command you to levy

of the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of the said sufficient to satisfy the said Defendant, and the Sum of

for Co/ls of Suit; that is to say, First, on Sugars, Cotton, Indigo, Rum, Molasses, and Ginger, or any Goods or Merchandize of the Growth or Manufacture of this Island, or Merchandize; and for Want of such Goods and Chattels, to levy the said Debt and Co/ls upon the Hovfwld Goods and Furniture of the said Hoise; and for Want of such,

to levy the said Debt and Costs upon the Cattle, Hoiyes, AJfes, Mules, and Plantation Utenfls of the said and for Want of such, to levy the said Debt and Costs on the said

Slaves; and for Want of such Slaves, you are to levy the same upon the said.

Lands and Tenements; and for Want of such Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, then you are hereby commanded to take the Body of the said and him in safe Ciiflody

to keep until the said Debt and Costs shall be fully satisfed: And have you thisWrit duly executed before Our Justices, at Our Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas to be held for this Island at the Town ^Plymouth aforesaid, on the Day of now next

erifuing.

Witness Chief Justice of our Our said Court,

this Day of in the

Year of Our Reign.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, and all other Persons levying Executions, shall levy the same according to the Directions of such Executions, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds for each Neglect or Default therein: But yet, if after the levying the Execution, the Defendant shall give unto the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, sufficient Security in double the Value of the Goods and Things taken, to see the fame forthcoming at the Day of Sale thereof; then the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, shall deliver to such Defendant the Goods and Things so taken in Execution to be by him kept during that Time; within which Time such Defendant may pay and discharge the Debt, with Costs; but if he doth not, then, the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, shall cause the Goods and Things so taken in Execution to be publicly sold at the Town of Plymouth in the said Island; which said Sales shall always be in the Presence of Four credible Witnesses at the leaf!, and between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Morning, and Four in the Afternoon of the same Day, and not closed till,then: After which said Sale, the said Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, shall immediately pay unto the Plaintiff his Debt with Costs; and after deducting all Charges attending such Sale, shall return the Over-

Klus, if any shall be, to the Defendant; but if the Things so levied on, tall not amount to the Value of such Debt and Costs, then the Marshal, or his Deputy, shall further levy of the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of such Defendant sufficient to pay the said Debt, with Costs.

Penalty on the Officer not doing his Duty.

Defendant’s Goods taken in Execution, may be bailed.

Directions for the Sale of Goods taken in Execution.

49

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, and all

chafed with Goods.

Warrant to

nominate

Appraisers.

and every other Person or Persons making Sales of any Lands, Tene- GoodsfokC ments. Goods, or Chattels, taken in Execution by Virtue of this Act, shall to bepur-

be, and they and every of them are and is hereby obliged to accept, re- -

ceive, and take from any Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, in Payment and Satisfaction of the fame, Sugars, Cotton, Indigo, Rum, and Molasses, paid and delivered him down upon such Sale, by such Purchaser or Purchasers, at any usual Shipping-place in the said Island at the current Price the said Commodities shall at that Time respectively bear in the said Island 5 and that the Plaintiff" or Plaintiffs in such Execution shall also accept, take, and receive of and from the said Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, or such other Person or Persons felling such Lands, Tenements,

Goods, or Chattels, such of the said Commodities as he or they shall so receive upon such Sale at the respective Shipping-places; the said Commodities shall be paid to the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, or such other Person or Persons, so always as the said Commodities so to be paid to such . Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, do not amount to more than his or their Debt and CoflsofSuit.

XIV. Provided always, That if any Difference should arise between the Plaintiff and the Defendant, touching the Quality and Value of the said Commodities, that the Plaintiff or Defendant, if either of them shall think fit, may have a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Chief Justice of this Island for the Time being, or, in Case of his Absence or Disability, under the Hand and Seal of the next senior Justice of the Court, commanding the Plaintiff and Defendant within Two Days to nominate Two Persons, on each of their Behalf to value and appraise upon Oath such Sugar, Cotton, Indigo, Rum, or Molasses, together with the Cask or Bag wherein the fame is contained; and if the said Appraisers shall not agree at what Rate to value the said Goods, that then, and in fitch Cafe, they or any Three of them may nominate an Appraiser or Umpire to value the same.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when Penalty on any Appraiser or Appraisers, or Umpire, so nominated, and being duly ^FuGn^ served with the Warrant, shall neglect or refuse to act pursuant to such act. Warrant, he or they shall respectively forfeit the Sum of Five and Twenty Pounds current Money of this Island, and an Attachment to issue against such Person or Persons refuting to pay the same, and when paid, to be applied to the Use following, viz. Towards building and repairing the Forts and Fortifications of this Island; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs ifthcPiam-shall refuse to nominate Appraisers, or that the Appraisers so nominated nominate'0 shall neglect or refuse to act, or to choole an Umpire, as aforesaid, that Appraisers, then, and in such Case, the Chief Justice, or, in his Absence or Sickness, the Justice the next senior Justice, as aforesaid, is hereby ordered to nominate an ma5’ Appraiser or Umpire to value the fame.; and the said Sugar, Cotton, Indigo, Rum, and Molasses, when valued and appraised, as aforesaid, shall be delivered to the Plaintiff, in Satisfaction of his Debt, Damages, and Costs.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if be-any of the Goods taken in Execution shall perish before the Sale thereof fore sfie, (unless it be by Default of the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, and in who to make which Cafe the Marshal, or his Deputy, is to make the fame good) the 1 em s°° Loss thereof shall be borne by the Defendant or Owner of the said Goods, and in such Case-the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, shall and

may further take of the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of the said Defendant fufificient to answer the Debt and Costs,

5°

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Security to answer for Defendant's Goods*

Purchaser's Title made good.

Publication of Sales.

Limitation of Actions.

Penalty on Officers Neglect of Duty.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Defendant giving Security for the forthcoming of any Goods or Things taken in Execution at the Day of Sale thereof, shall conceal the fame, or shall not deliver them to the Pro volt-marshal, or his Deputy, the said Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, shall and may, by Writ from the Chief Justice, or in Cafe ofhisAblence or Disability, from the next Justice in Commission, successively, immediately take and dispose by Sale of the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of such Defendant’s Securities, sufficient to answer the Debt, with all Costs attending it, and if the Sureties shall have no Ellate whereof to levy the said Debt and Colls, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, to commit the said Sureties to the common Gaol of the said Island, where they are to remain until they shall have satisfied the said Debt and Costs.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Bill of Sale under the Hand and Seal of the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, of any Goods or Chattels taken in Execution, and which shall be fold or appraised, as aforesaid, and delivered over, shall give to the Plaintiff, or other Buyer or Purchaser, a good, sure, and indefeazable Right and Title thereunto; and likewise, that such a Bill of Sale of or for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so taken and fold, shall give unto the Plaintiff or other Buyer, as good sufficient Ellate and Title therein and thereunto, as the Defendant from whom they are taken, hath, or can or may make of in, or to the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and if the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, shall refuse to execute to any Plaintiff or Purchaser a sufficient Bill of Sale of and for the Lands or Things which shall be so delivered over or bought, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money for every Default.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Goods or Chattels, Lands and Tenements, shall be taken in Execution upon any Judgment obtained in the said Court, the Provost-marshal, or nis Deputy, shall immediately put up a Publication in the said Town of Plymouth for the Sale thereof, at Times and Manner hereafter mentioned; that is to say. For Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, at the End of Eighty Days; for Negroes, and all other Slaves, at the End of Eight and Twenty Days; for Cattle, Chattels, Plantation Implements, and all other Goods whatsoever, at the End of Fourteen Days after the fame Lands, Tenements, Slaves, Goods, Chattels, and Things shall respectively be taken in Execution; and that all and every the Expences attending such Sales shall be borne by the Defendant, or other Persons whole Goods or Chattels, Lands and Tenements shall be so taken In Execution.

XX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Execution for Debt or Damages shall be awarded between the last Day of the Month of August and the lirft; Day of the Month of March in each respective Year:, Provided nevertheless, That the Writs of Seilin, or Possession of Lands and Tenements, and also Writs of Possession of Slaves, Cattle, or Chattels, recovered in Actions of Detinue and Replevin, Oral I and may be awarded and executed at all Times in the Year.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy, and all other Persons levying Executions, shall levy the same according to the Directions of this Act, under the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds for each Neglect or Default therein, to be recovered by the Party grieved in any Court of Record in this Island, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information.

51

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the

Statutes of Jeofails made within the Kingdom of England before the 1729-Fourth and Filth Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, s^Aas and also an Act of Parliament made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign madepcr-of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for avoiding unnecessary Petual> Suits and Delays; and likewise Two other Acts, the one made in the Twenty-fecona and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better settling of Inteftales Estates; and the other made in the First Year of the Reign of the late

King James the Second, whereby the Two last mentioned Acts are made perpetual, be adjudged to extend to, and be in Force in the said Island for ever.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where Aaions on any Demurrer shall be joined and entered in any Action or Suit in the Demurrer, said Court, the Judges mail proceed and give Judgment according to the

very Right of the Cause, and as the Matter in Law shall appear unto them, without regarding any Imperfection, Omission, or Deleft in any Summons, Return, Plaint, or Declaration, or other Pleading, Process, or Course of Proceeding whatsoever, (except those only which the Party demurring shall specially and particularly set down and express, together with his Demurrer, as Causes of the famej notwithstanding that such Imperfection, Omission, or Deleft might hitherto have been taken as Matter of Sublfance, and not aided by the Statute made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Furtherance of Jiiflice in Case of Demurrer and Pleadings, so as sufficient Matter appear in the said Pleadings, upon which the Court may give Judgment according to the very Right of the Cause.

XXIV. And be it enacted- by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Statutes of Statutes of Jeofails shall be extended to Judgments which hereafter shall 3c°falls-be entered upon Confession, nihil dicit, and non sum irformatus, in the said Court; and no such Judgment shall be reversed, nor any Judgment upon a Writ of Enquiry of Damages executed, be flayed or reverled by Reason of Imperfection, Omission, Defect, Matter or Thing whatsoever, which should have been aided and cured by any of the said Statutes of Jeofails, in Cafe a Verdict of Twelve Men had been given in the said Action or Suit, so as there be an original Summons, Declaration, or Demand, as aforesaid.

[Proviso.]

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Nothing in this Act before contained, shall extend to any Writ, Summons, Declaration, Indictment, or Suit of Appeal of Felony or Murder, or to any Process upon any of them, or to any Writ, Summons, Bill,

Action, or Information upon any Penal Statute.

XXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Defendant's and may be lawful for any Defendant or Tenant in any Action or Suit, PnviIcsc* or for any Plaintiff in Replevin, with the Leave of the Court, to plead

as many several Matters thereto as he shall think necessary for his Defence, provided all such Matters be entered in one Plea; and also that where any Matter upon Demurrer joined shall be adjudged insufficient, or where any Defendant or Tenant shall be acquitted by Verdict, or otherwise, Coils shall be given in both Cafes at the Discretion of the Court.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where Provost-any Person or Persons shall be arrelled by Writ or Process ilfuing out of the Court at the Suit of any common Person, and the Provost-marshal, BaU-'bo'nd e or other legal Officer, shall take Bail from such Person against whom to the Phin-5 . such tiff-

52

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1 such Writ, Bill, or Pi'ocefs shall be issued, the Provost-marshal, or such

, 1729- other Officer, at the Request and Colls of the Plaintiff in such Action v’ or Suit, or of his lawful Attorney, shall assign to the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit such Bail-bond, or other Security, by indorsing and attelling the fame under his Hand and Seal, in the Presence of One or more credible Persons; and if the said Bail-bond, or other Security taken for Bail, be forfeited, the Plaintiff in such Suit, after such Assignment made, may bring an Afclion or Suit thereupon in his own Name in the said Court, and the Court may by a Rule give such Relief thereon as is agreeable to Reason and Justice, and such Rule of the said Court fit all have the Nature and Effefl of a Defeafance to such Bail-bond or Security.

XXVIII. And be it drafted by the Authority aforesaid. The Captain-general, or Governor in Chief, with Four or One more of the Council, and in the Absence of the Captain-general, or Governor in Chief, the Lieutenant-general, the Lieutenant-governor, or President of the Council, with the like Number of the Council, shall and may hear, try, and determine all Errors to be brought of any Judgments to be given in this Errors°f Court for any Sum, Matter, Cause, or Thing; and that in the Absence of the Captain-general, or Governor in Chief from this Island, the Lieutenant-general, the Lieutenant-governor, or, in his Absence, the President of the Council, may lign all Writs of Error, and other Process thereupon; and that the not meeting of the Captain-general, or Governor in Chief, Lieutenant-governor, or President, and Four of the Council aforesaid, at the Day of the Return of the Writ of Error, or Writ of Scire facias, to hear Errors, shall not discontinue the fame; and that no Judgment shall be given in the said Court of Errors, unless by the Captain-general, or Governor in Chief, or Lieutenant-governor, or President, and Four of the Council at the lealt, whereof none of the Judges of the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas shall be one; and that before any Argument shall be heard by them, they shall take the following Oath, viz.

Oath taken by the Court of Errors.

I A.B. doJzvcar upon the holy Evangclifls, That in all Errors to be now brought before me, I will not deny nor delay Justice to either Party, but will to the bef of my Skill and Knowledge give Judgment thereupon.

So help me God.

And that no Execution of any Judgment given in the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas in any Action Personal, shall be flayed by any Writ of Error, or Supersedeas thereupon, unless such Person or Persons in Srofccute° Miofe Name or Names such Writ of Error shall be brought, by Two Writs of sufficient Sureties, such as the said Court, or out of Court as the said Error with Chief Justice, or, in his Absence, the next senior Justice, one after another, e ' as they are named in the Commission, shall allow' of, shall, before such Stay made, or Supersedeas awarded, be bound unto the Party for whom any such Judgment shall be given, by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in double the Sum adjudged to be recovered by the said former Judgment, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect, and also to iatisry and pay, if the fame Judgment be affirmed, all and singular the Debt, Damage, and Colls adjudged upon the former Judgment, and all Colls and Damages to be also awarded for the fame delaying of Execution; and further, that in Writs of Error to be brought upon any Judgment in any Writ of Dower, or in any Action of Eje&ione Jirmce, no Execution

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 53

shall be thereupon or thereby flayed, unless die Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in

such Writs of Error shall be bound unto the Demandant in such Writ 1729- , of Dower, or Plaintiff in such Ablion of Ejections finnee, in such reason- able Sum as the Court shall think fit; with Condition, That if die Judgment shall be affirmed in the said Writ of Error, or that the said Writ of Error shall be discontinued by the Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, or that the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited in such Writ of Error, that then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall pay such Coils and Damages, Sum and Sums of Moneyas shall be awarded upon or after such Judgment is affirmed, or Discontinuance or Nonsuit had.

XXIX. And to the End that the Sum and Sums, and Damages, may be ascertained, be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Court wherein such Execution ought to be granted upon such Enquiry of Affirmation, Discontinuance, or Nonsuit, shall issue a Writ to enquire as Dl,mase-well of the rnefne Profits, as of the Damage by any Waste committed after the first Judgment in Dower, or EjeElionc f mice, and upon the Return thereof Judgment shall be given and Execution awarded for such mesne Profits and Damages, and also Coils of Suit: Provided, That this proviso. Abl, nor any Thing herein contained, shall not extend to any Wl it of Error to be brought by any Executor or Administrator, or to any Ablion Popular, or to any Ablion which is or shall be brought upon any Penal Law or Statute, nor to any Indiblment, Presentment, Inquisition, or Information in this Court.

XXX. And for preventing great Vexations arising from the suing forth defective Writs of Error, be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the quashing of any Writ of Error for Variance from On quash-the Record, or other Defebl, or if the Plaintiff' shall be nonsuited, or dif- ^F^'rors continue his Writ, the Defendant in such Writ of Error shall recover plaintiff to against the Plaintiff suing out such Writ his Costs, as he should have done Pay Costs. if the Judgment had been affirmed, to be recovered in the same Manner,

but the Plaintiff in such Writ is not barred from having a new Writ of Error; and in Cafe either Party shall not rest satisfied with the Judgment that shall be given upon a Writ of Error, he may appeal to His Majesty, Appeal. His Heirs, or Successors, in his or their Privy Council, if the Matter in Dispute shall amount to the Sum of Three Hundred Pounds Sterling Money of Great Britain, the Party appealing giving Security, as aforesaid; but no Executor, Administrator, or Guardian final 1 be obliged to give Security on a Writ of Error, unless where required by the Laws of England, nor upon any Appeal, unless on an Appeal to His Majesty in Council.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs How is proof Error shall be served on the Chief Justice, and in Case of his Death,

Absence, or Disability, on the next senior Justice, and so to the next, as Error, they are named in the Commission, as aforesaid, who is required forthwith

to cause a Transcript of the Record and Pleading to be made out, and the same to certify under his Hand and Seal Eight Days after he is served with the Writ of Error; and when the Records and Proceedings are fb certified, the Plaintiff is to assign Errors under his Counsel or Attorneys Hand, and to file the fame Eight Days after the Writ and Proceedings are returned and certified, and then give Notice thereof to the other Party, his Counsel, or Attorney, and the Defendant in Error shall plead, demur, ’ or join in Errors within Eight Days after Notice, or lose the Advantage of his Defence.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Title to Ne-Replevin shall hereafter issue to take or try the Title of Negroes or S'OC3 how

0 Cl - ‘ to be tried.

O Slaves,

54

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

"VTrits of Scire facias, when to be served.

Executors, &c. how chargeable.

Slaves, but the same shall be tried by Trover or Detinue; and also, that , 1729- , Executions to be awarded on Judgments already given in the Court of HowExe- King’s-bench and Common-pleas which was held by any former Law cutions shall or Usage, shall or may issue according to the Form herein prescribed; bcjffucd. an(j ap saies or Appraisements to be made of any Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken in Execution upon such Judgments, shall be in Manner as before in this Act is directed, by which Method the Frovoft-marshal, and all other Persons, are to be governed.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs of Scire facias to revive Judgments to be given in the said Court, or which were given in any former Court, shall be served Six Days before the Court Day on which the same shall be returnable, and the Service thereof to be in such Manner as Writs of Summons are to be served; and if the Defendant plead not thereto at the fame Court, the Judgment shall Hand, and be revived.

XXXIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to affebl the proper Goods and Chattels, Negroes, Lands or Tenements,^ or the Persons of Executors or Administrators, otherwise or in any other Manner than as the Goods, Lands, and Persons of Executors or Administrators" are made chargeable or liable in the Kingdom of Great Britain by the Laws and Usage thereof.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no public Alarm or Invasion shall cause any Discontinuance or Abatement of any Suit or Proeefs, depending or to be depending in the said Court.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Fees expressed in a Docket of Fees settled by his Excellency, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council of this Island, shall be the Fees the respective Officers therein mentioned shall take, and no other; and whatsoever Officer therein mentioned shall presume to take' any other Fees for Business therein specified, shall, being legally convicted thereof, be fined for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, with full Coils of Suit to be allowed the Person who shall prosecute for the fame, to be recovered in any of the Courts of Record in this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information.

XXXVII. And be it also further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Officers mentioned in the said Docket shall be obliged to hang up m their Offices a Xable of their said Fees, for public View; and every Officer who shall not hang up, as aforesaid, a Table of the Fees appointed for him to take, after Twenty Four Hours Notice given him of his Neglect therein by any Person, and he refusing or neglecting to hang up the said Table of Fees, as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, being thereof legally convicted, be fined the Sum of One Hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all wneniodo ^aufes, Actions, and Suits, now depending in the Court of King’s-bench determined. and Common-pleas of the said Island, shall continue in the State they now

are, until the Court be held in the Month of May next, and then the causes, Actions, and Suits shall be tried and determined according to the Tenor and Direction of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Alarms, £3c. not to hinder Law-suits.

Fees settled.

Officers to hang up a Table of Fees.

Penalty*.

Suits depending, when to be

An

55

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

ASl of Settlement and Limitations, for avoiding Suits at f$°go.

Law.

FORASMUCH as the Inhabitants of this Island, amidst several Calamities occasioned'by the Invafxon of the French, under the Command of Monsieur Caffart, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Twelve, were great Sufferers, by losing most of their Patents, Deeds, and other Evidences relating to the Title of their Lands, Negroes, &c. as also by having their public Records destroyed, by which Means several of them have been rendered incapable of proving their Titles at Law otherwise than by Length of Possession; and as Nothing can tend more to the Benefit of any Place or Society than the quieting Men in their Estates and Possessions, and to avoid (as far as may be) Controversies and Suits at Law; we therefore, the Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Captain-general, and Commander in Chief in and over all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, do pray Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That within Six Months after the Time for Publication of this present A cl, all Writs of Formedon in Defcender, ^rns?Ut Formedon in Remainder, and Formedon in Reverter, at any Time hereafter to be sued or brought, of or for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereunto any Person or Persons now hath, or at any Time hereafter may have any Title or Cause to have or pursue such Writ, the same shall be sued and taken out within Seven Years next after the Publication of this Abb

II. Provided such Person or Persons so claiming, as aforesaid, be ProviCw living within this Government; and that no Person or Persons, or any of their Heirs, (after the Expiration of the said Seven Years) shall have or maintain any such Writ (as aforesaid) of or for any of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and that all Writs of Formedon in Defcender, Formedon in Remainder or Reverter, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, at any Time hereafter to be sued or brought by Occasion or Means of any Title or Cause hereafter happening, shall be sued and taken within Seven Years after the Cause of Action first defeended and fallen, and at no Time after; and that no Person or Persons that now hath or have any Right or Title of Entry into any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments now held from him or them, shall thereunto enter but within Seven Years next after Publication of this Act, or within Seven Years next after any other Title of Entry accrued; and that no Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter make any Entry into any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments but within Seven Years next after his or their Right or Title which shall hereafter first defeend or accrue to the fame, and in Default thereof such Persons so not entering; and their Heirs, shall be utterly excluded and disabled from such Entry after to be made; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons that is or shall be intitled to any such Writ or Writs, or that hath or shall have any such Right or Title of Entry, be, or shall be at the Time of the said Right

or

54

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Slaves, but the same shall be tried by Trover or Detinue; and also, that , 1729- Executions to be awarded on Judgments already given in the Court of How'exc- King’s-bench and Common-pleas which was held by any former Law cutions shall or IJfage, shall or may issue according to the Form herein prescribed; be issued. ancj ap Sa]es or Appraisements to be made of any Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be taken in Execution upon such Judgments, shall be in Manner as before in this Act is directed, by which Method the Provost-marshal, and all other Persons, are to be governed.

Writs of

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writs

wh'e/'tobe Scire facias to revive Judgments to be given in the said Court, or which

served. e were given in any former Court, shall be served Six Days before' the Court Day on which the same shall be returnable, and the Service thereof to be in such Manner as Writs of Summons are to be served; and if the Defendant plead not thereto at the fame Court, the Judgment shall {land, and be revived.

XXXIV. " And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Nothing in this Act contained shall be taken to affect the proper Goods and Chattels, Negroes, Lands or Tenements, or the Persons of Executors or Administrators, otherwise or in any other Manner than as the Goods, Lands, and Persons of Executors or Administrators' are made chargeable or liable in the Kingdom of Great Britain by the Laws and Usage thereof.

XXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no public Alarm or Invasion shall cause any Discontinuance or Abatement of any Suit or Process, depending or to be depending in the said Court.

XXXVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the

Executors, €3c. how chargeable.

Alarms, &c. not to hinder Law-suits.

Fees settled.

several Fees expressed in a Docket of Fees settled by his Excellency, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council of this 111 and, shall be the Fees the respective Officers therein mentioned shall take, and no other; and whatsoever Officer therein mentioned shall presume to take any other Fees for Business therein specified, shall, being legally convicted thereof, be fined for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, with full Costs of Suit to be allowed the Person who shall prosecute for the fame, to be recovered in any of the Courts of Record in this Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information.

XXXVII. And be it also further enabled by the Authority aforesaid,. That the respective Officers mentioned in the said Docket shall be obliged to hang up m their Offices a Table of their said Fees, for public View; and every Officer who shall not hang up, as aforesaid, a Table of the Fees appointed for him to take, after Twenty Four Hours Notice given him of his Neglect therein by any Person, and he refusing or neglecting to hang up the said Table of Fees, as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, being thereof legally convicted, be fined the Sum of One Hundred Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all when to oc causes, Actions, and Suits, now depending in the Court of King’s-bench determined. an<i Common-pleas of the said Island, shall continue in the State they now

are, until the Court be held in the Month of May next, and then the causes, Actions, and Suits shall be tried and determined according to the Tenor and Direction of this Act; any Thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Officers to hang up a Table of Fees*

Penalty,

Suits depending, when to be

An

55

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

j4n Act of Settlement and Limitations, for avoiding Suits at q0.

Law.

FORASMUCH as the Inhabitants of this Island, amidst several Calamities occasioned by the Invasion of the French, under the Command of Monsieur Caffart, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Twelve, were great Sufferers, by losing most of their Patents, Deeds, and other Evidences relating to the Title of their Lands, Negroes, &c. as also by having their public Records destroyed, by which Means several of them have been rendered incapable of proving their Titles at Law o.therwife than by Length of Possession; and as Nothing can tend more to the Benefit of any Place or Society than the quieting Men in their Estates and Possessions, and to avoid (as far as may be) Controversies and Suits at Law; we therefore, the Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Captain-general, and Commander in Chief in and over all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, do pray Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That within Six Months after the Time for Publication of this present Act, all Writs of Formedon in Defcender, ^y^fs°ut Formedon in Remainder, and Formedon in Reverter, at any Time hereafter to be sued or brought, of or for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereunto any Person or Persons now hath, or at any Time hereafter may have any Title or Cause to have or pursue such Writ, the same shall be sued and taken out within Seven Years next after the Publication of this Act.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided such Person or Persons so claiming, as aforesaid, be living within this Government; and that no Person or Persons, or any of their Heirs, (after the Expiration of the said Seven Years) shall have or maintain any such Writ (as aforesaid) of or for any of the said Lands, ' Tenements, or Hereditaments; and that all "Writs of Formedon in Defcender, Formedon in Remainder or Reverter, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, at any Time hereafter to be sued or brought by Occasion or Means of any Title or Cause hereafter happening, shall be sued and taken within Seven Years after the Cause of Action first defeended and fallen, and at no Time after; and that no Person or Persons that now hath or have any Right or Title of Entry into any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments now held from him or them, shall thereunto enter but within Seven Years next after Publication of this Act, or withir. Seven Years next after any other Title of Entry accrued; and that no Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter make any Entry into any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments but within Seven Years next after his or their Right or Title which shall hereafter first defeend or accrue to the fame, and in Default thereof such Persons so not entering, and their Heirs, shall be utterly excluded and disabled from such Entry after to be made; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Proviso.]

III. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person or Persons that is or shall be intitled to any such Writ or Writs, or that hath or shall have any such Right or Title of Entry, be, or shall be at the Time of the said Right

or

56 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Limitation of Actions,

Concerning Writs of

Wherein

Defendant may plead a Disclaimer.

or Title first defeended, accrued, come, or fallen, within the Age of Twenty One Years, Femes-covert, non compos mentis, imprisoned, or from the Government, that then such Person or Persons, and his and their Heir and Heirs, shall and may, notwithstanding the said Seven Years be expired, bring his Action, or make his Entry, as he might have done before this Act, so as such Person and Persons, or his and their Heir and Heirs, shall, within Seven Years next after their full Age, Discoverture, coming of found Mind, Enlargement out of Prison, or coming into this Government, or Death, take Benefit of, and sue for the fame, and at no Time after the said Seven Years.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions of Trespass QQuare clausum fregii) all Actions of Trespass, Detinue, Actions of Trover and Replevin, for taking away of Goods and Chattels, all Actions of Account, and upon the Cafe, other than such Accounts as concern the Trade and Merchandize between Merchant and Merchant, their Fador or Servants, all Actions of Debt grounded upon any Lending or Contract without Specialty, all Actions of Debt for Arrearages of Rent, and all Actions of Assault, Menace, Battery, Wounding, and Imprisonment, or any of them, which shall be sued or brought to any Time after Publication of this Act, shall be commenced and sued within the Time and Limitations hereafter expressed, and not alter; that is to say, The laid Actions upon the Cafe, (other than for Slander, and the said Actions for Account, and the said Actions for Trespasses, Detinue, and Replevin, for Goods and Chattels, and the said Action of Trespass (Quare clausum fregii) within Three Years next after Publication of this Act, or within Four Years next after the Cause of such Actions or Suits, and not after; and the said Actions of Trespass, of Assault, Battery, Wounding, Imprisonment, or any of them, within Two Years next after the Publication of this Act, or within Three Years next after the Cause of such Actions or Suits, and not after; and the said Action upon the Cafe, for Words, within One Year after Publication of this Act, or within Two Years next after the said Words spoken, and not after.

V. And nevertheless be it enacted, That if in any of the said Actions or Suits Judgment be given for the Plaintiff, and the fame be reversed by Error, or a Verdict pass for the Plaintiff, and upon Matter alledged in Arrest of Judgment, the Judgment be given against the Plaintiff, that he take Nothing by his Plaint, Writ, or Bill, or if any of the said Actions shall be brought by Original, and the Defendant therein be outlawed, and shall after reverie the Outlawry, that in all such Cases the Party-plaintiff, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, as the Case shall require, may commence a new Action or Suit from Time to Time, within a Year after such Judgment reversed, or such Judgment given against the Plaintiff, or Outlawry reversed, and not after.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions of Trespass (Quare clausum fregii) hereafter to be brought, wherein the Defendant or Defendants shall disclaim in his or their Plea to make any Title or Claim to the Land in which the Trespass is by the Declaration supposed to be done, and the Trespass be by Negligence, or involuntary, the Defendant or Defendants shall be admitted to plead a Disclaimer, and that the Trespass was by Negligence, or involuntary, and a Tender or Offer of sufficient Amends for such Trespass before the Action brought, whereupon, or upon .some of them, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be enforced to join Issue, and if the said Issue be found for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs

57

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Plaintiffs shall be clearly barred from the said Action or Actions, and all

other Suits concerning the same. (^1759*

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in oiftwiifca all Actions upon the Cafe for Slanderous Words, to be sued or prole- under 40j\ cuted by any Person or Persons in any of the Courts of Record within this Island that have Power to hold Plea of the fame, at any Time after the Publication of this Act, if the Jury upon the Trial of the Issue in 1

such Action, or the Jury that shall inquire of the Damages, do find or assess the Damages under Forty Shillings, then the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action shall have and recover only so much Colls as the Damages so given or assessed shall amount unto, without any further Increase of the fame; any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any When to Person or Persons that is or shall be intitled to any such Action of Trel- ^'r pass. Detinue, Action of Trover, Replevin, Actions of Account, Actions incapacities of Debt, Actions of Trespass, for Assault, Menace, Battery, Wounding, removed, or Imprisonment, Actions upon the Cafe for Words, be, or shall be

at the Time of such Cause of Action given or approved, fallen or come within the Age of Twenty One Years, Feme-covert, (non compos mentis') imprisoned, or out of this Government, that then such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring the fame Actions, so as they shall take the fame within such Times as are before limited, after their coming to, or being of full Age, Discovert, of found Memory, at large, and return unto this Government, as other Persons having no such Impediments should do.

An Act for the Encouragement of Artificers and Labourers to &°gi.

recover Debts not exceeding Six Pounds.

WHEREAS many Inconveniencies may and do arise to Artificers and Labourers of this Island, by being vexed and troubled with Suits at Law for a small and trivial Sum, not exceeding Six Pounds, wherein the usual and accustomary Fees and Charges exceed the Debts

And whereas Courts for deciding Suits at Law are held but Six successive Months in the Year, and thereby the said Artificers and Labourers may be kept Out of their Money a considerable Time: For Prevention whereof, and their Encouragement for them to settle amongst us, be it, and it is hereby enacted an A ordained by his Excellency Thomas Earl of Londonderry, Chief Governor of the Leczoard Charibbee Wands, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council and Assembly of this Island, and by the Authority of the same, That all Manner of Debts which may be due to Artificers and Labourers from the Date of this Act, not exceeding ft'^nay’be* the Value of Six Pounds, may be heard, judged, and determined by determined one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace of this Island, which said bya Iuaice* Justice is hereby required, upon Complaint made to him, to issue out a Warrant against the Person or Persons complained of, directed to the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, and thereby requiring him to

P appear

5§

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

___-A.--

17^9-

Distress and Sale.

Fees for the Warrant, and serving.

Justice to Keep a Record,

to be returned yearly to the Secretary's Oflice.

appear and answer the said Complaint, and in Case of Non-appearance, or otherwise, Judgment to be granted, the Plaintiff’ proving his Debt by his own Oath, or other Evidence, and upon Non-payment, Execution to issue again 11 the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of the said Person or Persons complained of, who, by Virtue thereof, shall expole the same to public Sale, reluming the Overplus, if any be, to t lie Defendant, or for Want of such Didreis, shall take the Defendant's Body into Cuflcdy, and convey him to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain until he hath satisfied the Debt, with Charges; and it shall be lawful for die Justice of the Peace to receive for each Warrant or Execution One Shilling and Six Pence each, and no more; and for the Provod-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, for serving each Warrant Nine Pence,-together with Three Pence for each Mile he shall be compelled to travel in Execution of the Premides, and for levying Execution on his Body, Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, Eighteen Pence; and the several Justices are hereby required to keep a Record of all such Proceedings, under the Penalty of" Five Pounds, the one Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Treasurer for the Time being, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Justice of the Peace within this Island shall, once every Year at lead, make Returns of such Records into the Secretary’s Office, under the Penalty also of Five Pounds for every such Neglect, to be paid as aforesaid; which laid Fine or Fines shall be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record in this Island.

*733-

97• An Act for Jelling Flour, Biscuit, Corn, and Oates by Weight.

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of this Island suffer great Impositions daily, by Traders felling Flour, Biscuit, Corn, and Oates by the Barrel or Measure; to prevent like Evils for the future, we Your Majesty's most loyal and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of Your Majesty's Idand of Montferra.t, humbly pray Your Mod Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That all Flour, Biscuit, Corn, and Oates whatsoever, which shall be fold within this Island after the Publication of this Act, diall be fold in Manner Directions following, and no otherwise; that is to say, Flour and Biscuit., by the ri^1.‘Sf.of Hundred Pounds Weight; Indian or great Corn off the Hulk, at Fifty Six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and upon the Hulk, at Eighty Four Pounds to the Buffiel; and Oates at Thirty Six Pounds by the Bushel; and if any Person whatsoever shall buy or fell otherwise than as aforesaid. Penally. the Buyer and Seller diall each forfeit Five Pounds for every Cade of" Flour or Biscuit, and every Buffiel of Corn or Oates so fold, to be recovered Joy Information or Complaint before any Justice of the Peace within this Idand, and to be levied on the Goods and Chattels of the

Offender,

59

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Offender, by Warrant of a Just ice of Peace to any Constable of this Island, or by imprisoning the Body of the Offender in the common Gaol of this Island until Payment made, at the Discretion of the Justice of v" Peace hearing the Complaint, by Virtue of such Warrant, as aforesaid; which said Forfeitures shall be the one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence was committed; and the Conliable levying the aforesaid Penalty shall be allowed Ten Pounds per Cent, and the Goods levied on shall be fold immediately by public Outcry, by the Constable who levies on the lame, the Sale being first publicly notified in the Town where, or next to the Place where the Offence was committed, by the Conliable, and the Overplus, if any, shall be returned to the Offender;

II. And be it also enacted, That a Copy of this Act shall be fixed up b*-

in each Parish of this Island, within Four Days after the Publication. li^ Places-

AnAEl to explain a Clanfe in an Act, intituled, An Act for hold- 0o 99. ing a Court of General Sessions.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed the Twentieth Day of January, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty Four, for holding a Court of General Sessions, it is (amongst other Things) enabled,

" That from and after the Publication of the said Abl, once in every Clanfe in " Year, on the first Tuesday in October, should be holden in the Town of AQ.'ormer " Plymouth a Court of Grand Session of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol " Delivery, and General Sessions of the Peace, by such Persons as are " thereby nominated and appointed; that is to say. The Lieutenant-governor for the Time being, the President of the Council, and all other " Members of the Council for the Time being, His Majesty's Chief " Justice, and Justices Assistants for the Time being, and all other His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for this Island for the Time being, in " which Sessions the first nominated by the said Act, being on the Island,

" shall preside, whereof the Lieutenant-governor, or President of the " Council for the Time being, and any Five of His Majesty's Council, or " the Chief Justice, or Justices Assistants for the Time being, to be of the " QuorumNow we pray Your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Honourable Michael Smith, Esquire, Commander in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leezoard CJiaribbee Islands, the Council and Assembly of Mont-Jcrrat, That the true Intent and Meaning of the aforesaid Clanfe in the Explanation said Acti is, that the Lieutenant-governor for the Time being, shall at all °9nh° foie' Times preside in the said Court, and in his Absence, the President of Clanfe.

His Majesty's Council for the Time being shall preside, and in the Absence of the President, the eldest Counsellor present flrall preside; and that .any Five or more of the said Council, or Justices of the King’s-bench and Common-pleas, or Justices of the Peace, shall have Power and Authority to hold the said Court of Grand Sessions, Oyer and Ter-miner, and General Gaol Delivery, and Sessions of the Peace; and in

Cafe

6o

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

—^-----1 Cafe of the Absence of the Lieutenant-governor, the President and ait

1733-_J the Members of His Majesty's Council, that then the Chief Justice for the 'pime being shall preside; and that any Five or more of the said Justices, with the said Chief Justice, or, in his Absence, the elder Assist tant, shall have Power and Authority to hold the said Court, and not otherwise; any Law, Usage, or Custoni to the contrary notwithstanding.

ico. An Act to amend a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for establishing of a Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for the more speedy Execution of Justice; and for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket settled by his Excellency, by the Advice of the Council.

WHEREAS Gold, Silver, and all other Coins are very scarce and difficult to be procured in this Island of Montserrat, inllead whereof it is enabled and ordained, " That Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Indigo, " and Molasses shall be taken and received, in full Payment or Satisfac-" tion of and for any Debt, Due, or Demand whatsoeverAnd whereas such Person or Persons as is or are or may be minded to buy or purchase any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are to be sold by the Marshal at public Outcry, by Virtue of any Execution, cannot purchase or buy the fame, because they have not, and cannot, without the greatest Inconvenience, have such Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Indigo, and Molaffies ready upon the Spot to pay the said Marshal immediately for such Goods, Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be sold; to prevent which Inconvenience, we Your Majesty s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commander in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Hlands, the Council and Assembly of the Island of Montserrat, do pray Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Marshal, or other Officers, or Ministers of Justice shall, by Virtue of any Execution or Process of Law, left any Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, the Buyer or Purchaser of such Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so fold, shall, by the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Times fixed Hereditaments, or of his or their A<pnt or Agents, Attorney or At-the Purchase tornies, being firfh thereunto had and obtained under his, their, or any of Goods of their Hands, have Six Days Time after such Sale or Purchase to pay ecution"Ex Purckafe-money, or to pay such Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Indigo, and Molasses, as will amount to the said Purchase-money: and where the said Purchase-money shall amount to One Hundred Pounds, the said Buyer or Purchaser shall have Ten Days Time: and where it amounts to above

Four

The LAWS of MONTSE Pv R A T.

61

*733-

Penalty on delaying Payment of ol' the Purchase-

Four Hundred Pounds, he shall have Twenty Days Time to pay the said Purchase-money; and in Case the said Purchaser or Buyer mall not pay the said Purchase-money in the Time and Times hereby appointed, he shall pay at the Rate of Ten per Cent. Damages, for the Use of the Plaintiff, or to such other Person or Persons, for whose Benefit the Sale is made; which said Ten per Cent. Damages, as also the original Debt becoming due from such Buyer or Purchaser for or from such Sale, shall be immediately levied upon by the said Marshal, or other Officer or Minister of Justice; and in Case the said Buyer or Purchaser fiiou Id be insolvent, the Loss shall be the Defendant’s, or the Owner or Owner's of such Goods and Chattels; but it is hereby provided. That if the Plaintiff, or other Person or Persons for whose Benefit the said Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are so fold, should be fearful of being a Loser or Sufferer by the said Buyers or Purchasers having the said Goods or Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so fold in his or their Poflfession, and by the said Buyers or Purchasers being unable to- pay the said Purchase-money, as also to •pay for the faits Ten per Cent. Damages added to the said Purchase-money, upon Failure of paying the said Purchase-money in the Time appointed; that in such Case the Plaintiff, or other Person or Persons for whose Benefit such Sale is made, shall order the Marshal not to deliver Possession of the said Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Livery and Seisin of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, but to keep the fame until the Purchase-money be paid, and also the said Damages.of Ten per Cent, where such Damages become due, and likewise to take a Bond of the said Buyer, with Two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum of the said Purchase-money, and the said Ten per Cent. Damages added thereto, upon Condition to pay the said Purchase-money at the Time appointed, otherwise to incur the Loss of Ten per Cent. Damages, to be immediately levied on his the said Purchaser’s Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and those of his Sureties, in Case of his the said Principal’s failing so to do; and where the said Defendant, or Owner or Proprietor of such Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be, or so fold, shall and will notconsent to the Purchaser’s having such Time of Credit, then the said Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be sold to the highest Bidder that will pay ready Money, Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Indigo, and Molasses; and where the Plaintiff) or the Person or Persons for. whose Benefit such Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are so fold, requires Security, as before, for the Buyer’s or Purchaser’s paying the said Purchase-money, and upon Failure of paying thereof, for the Ten per Cent. Damages, and that the Buyer or Purchaser cannot or will not give such Security, then the said Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be sold to the highest Bidder, who will pay immediately upon the Spot.

Marshal to keep PoflTcssion of Goods till the Purchase-money is paid.

Sureties for Payment,

Defendants

Power.

An

6 2

The L AW S of MONTSERRAT.

-1734

j$° 105. An Act for the hatter jrreserving and taking Care of the Parifi Church of St. Anthony, and the Inclosure thereof as also the Inclosure round the Old Church Yard.

Sexton to be cliofon.

His Duty, and Penalty on his Neglect.

Penalty on Negroes breaking the Church Fences.

On Bcafls breaking the Church Inclosure.

Penalty for »burying •within the Inclosure of the Church

WHEREAS this Island has lately been at a great Expence in the building of a Church in the Parish of St. Anthony; and as it is very neccflajy that the fame should be taken Care of, not only by beeping the Inclosure free from Trespasses and Damages, but also the Church itself clean, and in good Order; we therefore pray your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by his Excellency the Governor in Chief of all His Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council and Assembly of Montserrat, That there be a Person annually cholen by the Council and Assembly of this Island to take Care to keep the said Church clean, and in good Order; and that the said Person so nominated, shall every Saturday, or oftner, if Need be, sweep out the said Church, and brush down all Vermin and Filth, and on his neglecting to do the fame, as aforesaid, he Hia.ll forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings current Money, to be deducted out of his Salary hereafter-mentioned; and that if the Person so appointed, as aforesaid, shall, after Divine Service is performed, leave any Door or Window of the said Church open, he shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Door and Window he shall so leave open, to be deducted as aforesaid : and that the Person so to be appointed, as aforesaid, shall be paid from the Public of this Island an annual Salary of Twelve Pounds current Money.

II. And whereas Negroes and Cattle are very often apt to destroy the Fences made, and thereby to commit great Trespasses; be it en-acted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Negro presuming to take away or pull down any Stone or Stones of the Inclosure of the said Church and old Church Yard, for every such Offence he shall, upon Proof made before a Justice of the Peace by any one White or Slave Evidence, receive, by Order of the said Justice, Thirty-nine. Lashes in the public Market-place, by the Hands of the common Hangman : And if an)' Horse or Horses, Cattle, Mules, or any other Beast, shall at any Time be taken up within the Inclosure of the said Church, or old Church Yard, the Owner or Owners- of such Cattle, Mules, or Beast, shall pay to the Treasurer for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy, Three Shillings per Head for every such Beast taken up within the said Inclosure; and the Treasurer for the Time being has hereby full Power and Authority to detain the said Horse or Horses, Mule or Mules, or any other Beast or Beasts, until the fame be fully paid and IktisHed, and if not paid in Four Days after the taking them up, the same to expose to public Sale, until the whole, writh the Charges, be fully paid and satisfied, rendering the Overplus to the Owner.

III. And whereas it has Been found by Experience, that the burying of Bodies in a Church, or very near it, in this hot Climate, has been very nauseous to the People assembled together at Divine Service; for the preventing of which, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, no Body shall be interred, within the Walls of the said Church, nor within the Inclosure thereof, under the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds current Money,

to

The LATTS of .MONTSERRAT. 63

to be recovered from the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such <—-----,

Person or Persons who shall be so buried; and the Clergyman, or other 1734-Person who shall bury any Person within the said Church, or within the —v—J Inclosure of the fame, flrall forfeit Fifty Pounds current Money; all which Penalties shall be sued for by the Treasurer for the Time being, who hath hereby full Power and Authority to do the fame, by Bill,

Plaint, or Information in any Court of Record, within this Island, and the Sum or Sums so recovered, to be applied to the keeping in Repair the said Church, and the Inclosure thereof and the Inclosure of the old Church Yard.

An Act for the encouraging the Loan of Money by FaElors # or Merchants in Great Britain, to Persons ref ding in this

±735-106.

If and.

WHEREAS the Planters and Merchants of this Island are often under a Necessity of having Money advanced for them by their Merchants or Factors in Great Britain: And whereas many Disputes have and do daily arise upon the Allowance of Interest for such Monies so advanced or lent; for Prevention thereof for the future, may it please Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by his Excellency the Captain-general and Governor in Chief in and over all Your Majesty's Leezuard Charibbee I'stands in America, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council and Assembly of Monijerrat, and by the Authority of the same, That all Sum or Sums A11 roans of Money, that shall at any Time after the Publication of this Act, be ^reftac-11" lent or advanced by any Merchant or Fafior in Great Britain to any cording to Person or Persons residing within this Island, shall carry such Interest of

for every Hundred Pounds, by the Year, as may be then lawful for such tain. Merchant or Fafior to receive by the Laws of Great Britain, at the Time of the Loan of such Money, and so for a greater or lesser Sum, until the fame be fully paid, as fully and effectually as if the Person or Persons for whom such Sum is advanced had given his or their Bond or Bonds for the fame, to be recovered in any Court of Record within this Island.

An

64

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

0° 107.

Bond to be void, if more than Eight per Cent. be taken.

1736. j$° in.

Recital of Articles of Neutrality.

An Act for the reducing of Interest from Ten to Eight per

Cent.

WHEREAS the Abatement of Interest has been always found to be beneficial to Trade, and Improvement of the Sugar Plantations, by good Husbandry: And whereas there was never yet settled what Sum of Money shall betaken for Interest for the Forbearance of One Hundred Pounds, and so in Proportion for a greater or lesser Sum, which has occasioned many Doubts and Controversies between your Majesty's Subjects: We, Your Majesty's most dutiful Subjects, the Captain-general of the Leezoard Charibbee Islands, the Council and Assembly of the llland of Montserrat, do pray Your Molt Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained. That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the Publication of this Act, shall take, directly or indirectly, for the Loan of any Monies, Wares, or Merchandize, or for the Sale of any Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of Eight Pounds for the Forbearance of One Hundred Pounds for One Year, and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter Time; and that all Bonds, Contrabls, or Assurances whatsoever, that shall be made or done after the Publication of this Act, for Payment of any Principal Money to be lent, or covenanted to be performed, upon or for any Usury, whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of Eight Pounds current Money for the Forbearance of One Hundred Pounds for One Year, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

An Act for the more effectual preventing all Trade in these Parts between His Majesty's Subjects and the French.

'HERE AS by the Treaty of Peace, good Correspondence, and Neutrality in America, between the King of Great Britain that then was and the French King, concluded on the Sixth Day of November, One Thousand Six Hundred Eighty Six, it was, among other Things, agreed by the Fifth and Sixth Articles, " The Subjects, Inhabitants, &c. " of each Kingdom are prohibited to trade and fish in all Places, pof-" felfed or which shall be possessed by the other in America; and that " if any Ship or other Vessel should be found trading contrary to the " said Treaty, upon due Proof, the said Ship shall be confifcatedj but " in Case the Subjects of either Nation should be forced, by Stress of " Weather, Enemies, or other Necessity, into the Ports of the other in " America, they should be treated with Humanity and Kindness, and " might provide themselves with Victuals and other Things necessary for

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 65

" their Sustenance, and Reparation of their Ships, at reasonable Rates, <--A——»

" provided they do not break Bulk, nor carry any Goods out of their 173'-K^ " Ships, exposing them to Sale, nor receive any Merchandize on Board, ’

" under Penalty of Confiscation of Vessel and Goods:" And His Majesty having been pleased, among other InttruHions to His present Captain-general, dated at Hampton Court the Twentieth Day of July, One Thousand Seven Hundred Thirty-three, after Recital of the said Purport of the Fifth and Sixth Articles of the said Treaty of Peace and Neutrality, to declare it to be his Will and Pleasure, " That His Chief His Ma-" Governor should signify to His Majesty's Subjects under his Government the Purport and Intent of the abovesaid Two Articles;" and also the fa'i^Ar-has been pleased to order, " That His said Chief Governor should take tides.

‘ particular Care that none of the French Subjects be allowed to trade " from their said Settlements to any of the Islands under his Government,

" or hfh upon the Coasts thereof:" And whereas the failing of Vessels close under the Shores of these Islands, except under the Necelfities as aforesaid, can be for no other Intent but for carrying on such illicit Trade: And the French King having by an Article of his Edict of October, One Thousand Seven Hundred Twenty-seven, in Construction of the said Treaty, peremptorily declared, "All English Vessels failing within " a League of the Shores of any French Island, to be seized and con-" fifeatea, without other Proof of Trade, as if guilty and convicted of a " Breach of the said Fifth and Sixth Articles of the said Treaty of Peace " and Neutrality in America:" And whereas the present Captam-general, immediately after his coming to this Government, did give public Notice of the Purport of the said Fifth and Sixth Articles of the said Treaty of The raid Ar-Neutrality throughout this Government, thereby declaring His Majesty's ‘’Jlcs clud‘ Intentions, as aforesaid; yet nevertheless His Majesty's Subjects, in Contravention of the said Treaty, in Breach of the Laws of Great Britain, and in Disobedience to His Majesty, do daily correspond and trade with the French in these Parts, to the utter Ruin of His Majesty's Subjects of these His Sugar Colonies, and even trade directly from this Island, and other Sugar Islands, with the French, or carry on the said Trade elufively at Desart or Neutral Islands, pretending thereby to evade the Purport of the said Fifth and Sixth Articles of the said Treaty of Neutrality, and a due Obedience to His Majesty's Will and Pleasure so signified, and with a mofl presumptuous Insult and Breach of an Act of Parliament made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better securing and encouraging the Trade of His Majesty s Sugar Colonies in America : And whereas the Judges of His Majesty's High Court of Admiralty in these Islands have Teemed doubtful what Judgment to give at the Trial of Vessels for a Breach of the said Treaty of Neutrality, for Want of a Law to give further Force, and to render the said Treaty effectual: Therefore, for the manifest Good, and to relieve from so great Evils His Majesty's Subjects of these Sugar Colonies, and that His Majesty's Mofl Gracious Intentions for the Welfare of them may have their due Effect, we. Your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands. in America, the Council and Assembly of Montserrat, do humbly pray Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained. That from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of Law made June next ensuing the Date of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for to strengthea the Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or for the Com- the ArtIcles‘ mander of any other Vessel fitted out for that Purpose, by Commission from the Governor, or Commander in Chief of these Islands for the

66 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Time being, to seize and take any French Ship or Vessel that they shall meet at Sea within a League of any English Shore, or failing any where v— within the Extent of the Government of His Majesty's Leeward Elands; and having actually traded any where with any of His Majesty's Subjects, the said Trade being a6lually proved by the said French Ship or Vessel having on Board Provision, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Colonies, Lands, Islands, or Territories, or Negroes, Cattle, Horses, or Mules, purchased of English Subjects, on Shore, at Sea, or any where, and the said French Ship or Vessel so seized and taken, to bring into this Island, and them to prosecute at the High Court of Admiralty of this Island, in the usual Manner, where this Act shall be pleaded and given in as Evidence for convicting and condemning the said French Ship or Vessel that shall by due Proof be found to have traded with His Majesty's Subjects, as aforesaid, by having on Board Provisions, Goods, Wares, or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of His Majesty's Colonies, Lands, Islands, or Territories, or Negroes, Cattle, Horses, or Mules, purchased of English Subjects, on Shore, at Sea, or any where, as aforesaid: And further, That the Officers of His Majesty's Customs for this Island for the Time being are hereby impowered, by Virtue of this Act, to seize any French Vessel that shall come to an Anchor in any Road or Bay in this Island, though forced in thither by Distress, and having on Board any such Goods of English Produce, or Live Stock, as aforesaid, and the same to bring to Trial and Condemnation as aforesaid: And the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty within this Island is hereby directed and required to allow of this Act being pleaded before him, as aforesaid, and to pay a full and due Regard and Obedience hereto, the Court of Admiralty of this Island being hereby authorized, impowered, and required to proceed to hear and finally determine on any such Seizure according to the Course and Method used and practised in that Court, in Prosecutions for Offences against Laws for regulating Trade, and such Seizures and Forfeitures shall be divided as follows, viz. All such Seizures made by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any such Custom-house Officers, one third Part thereof for the Use of his Majesty. His Heirs and Successors, to be applied for the Support of the Government of the Colony or Plantation where the same shall be recovered, one third Part to the Governor, or Commander in Chief of the said Colony or Plantation, and the other third Part to the Commander of such Ship of War, or Custom-house Officer, as Prosecutor, who shall sue for the fame; but if such Seizure be made by any Vessel belonging to any of His MajestyLs Subjects, and commissioned for the due Execution of this Act, as aforesaid, whereby great Expence mull accrue to the Owner or Owners, and to such Persons as shall equip, at their own Expence, such Vessel, in such Case such Prize shall be divided as follows, viz. One third Part thereof for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be applied for the Support of the Government of the Colony or Plantation where the same shall be recovered, and the other two Thirds to the Owner or Owners, and to such Person as shall equip, at their own Expence, such Vessel, as aforesaid: And if any Scruple shall arise whether the Loading of any such French Vessel be of the Produce of any of His Majesty's Dominions, as aforesaid, the Onus probandi that they are foreign Produce, shall be on the Master and Crew of the French Vessel so seized.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 67

II. And for the better and more effectual carrying this Abi into

Execution, be it further enacted, That the Expence of prosecuting any ( 173°- Offence against this Act shall be paid and borne, in the first Place, out Expe5£Tof , of the Shares and Parts of the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby given Profecmion, and granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Seizure, h°ytohe Condemnation, and Judgment to be had and obtained for or by Reason 1 of any Fraud or Misbehaviour against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

An Act for the further Restriction of Slaves, by prohibiting 112> them from planting any Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Co fee, or Cocoa; and from keeping a public Market on Sundays; and for further refraining licentious Meetings of Negroes.

WHEREAS it appears that the Laws now in Force relating to

Negroes and Slaves, are not extensive enough to restrain them;

and that Lenity and Indulgence, instead of producing the defiled Effects,

have rather given Encouragement to Robberies and Dilorders, by fur-

nishing Pretences, whereby the Offenders often escape Punishment: And whereas the Labour and Industry of many of the poorer Sort of People

+of this Island is defeated by the Thefts of Slaves, who, under Colour of planting Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, and Cocoa, for their own Use, do often steal the said Commodities, to the great Loss and Detriment of the Planters thereof: And whereas the said Commodities, or any stolen Goods or Provisions, may easily be disposed of, without the Knowledge of the Owners, at the public Market, which Slaves have been suffered to keep on the Lord’s Day, whereon great Numbers of them assemble in

and about the Towns of Plymouth and Kinfale, and other Parts of the

Island, frequently committing Riots and Disorders, to the great Terror

and aftiual endangering of the Inhabitants: For the preventing therefore,

as far as may be, such Abuses for the future, we. Your Majesty's most

dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leeward, Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, humbly pray

Your Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it,

and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person P*n"llyon

whatsoever. Owner or Possessor of Slaves, that shall permit his or her pe1’

Slave or Slaves to plant or gather Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Slaves to

Cocoa, for the Use of such Slave or Slaves, such Matter, Owner, or Pof- ?|arirtIn'!‘s-0’

feffors shall forfeit Ten Pounds lawful Money of this Island: And if any own Use.

Indigo, No white

PerCon shall any

white Man, free Negro, or free Mulatto, shall expose to Sale any Inc Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, suspected to appertain to a Slave,

Justice of the Peace may cause the Party suspected, and having the: In- I®, y

aigo. Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa in Possession, to be brought be- Slave, fore him, and to make Oath before him, that the Indigo, Cotton, Ginger,

68

Penalty on the Buyer.

Slaves not to keep Markets on

Sundays♦

No Persons shall traffic on Sundays.

Slaves not to travel on Sundays without a Ticket.

Clause for Slaves regular Behaviour.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Coffee, or Cocoa, doth not, directly or indirectly, belong to any Slave : and if the Party refuses to make such Oath, any the aforesaid Commodities shall be seized by the Justice’s Order, and become forfeited to the Use of the Informer; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall hereafter buy, barter, truck for, or otherwise receive from any Slave or Slaves, any Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, such Person or Persons so offending shall, upon Conviction, by the Oath of one credible Witness before any Justice of the Peace, be bound over by the said Justice to the good Behaviour, until the next General Sessions of the Peace and Gaol Delivery, and there be fined, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds current Money of this Iffand; and in Case such Person or Persons be unable, or refuse or neglect to pay the said Fine immediately, then, and in such Case, such Person or Persons shall be committed to the common Gaol of this Island, there to remain for the Space of Two Months, or else to be publicly whipt at the Discretion of the Justices; and tile aforesaid Fine or Fines shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, towards carrying on the Forts, Fortifications, or other public Works of this Island.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Negroes or other Slaves shall keep any Market within the Towns of Plymouth or Kinjale, or in any other Parts or Places within this Island, and shall carry or fell any Provisions, or other Goods, in any of the aforesaid Towns or Places on the Lord’s Day, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to take the said Provisions, or other Goods, from any such Slave or Slaves, and convert them to their own proper Use; and the Person is hereby further impowered to give such Slave or Slaves a moderate Whipping.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever shall buy, barter, track for, or receive any Provisions, or other Goods, from any Slave, in any of the aforesaid Towns or Places, or shall fell any Rum or Punch, or other Liquors, or any Sort of dry Goods, by Barter, or otherwise, on the Lord’s Day, he shall forfeit Five Pounds current Money for each Offence.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall givg. Leave to any Slave under his or her Care, Charge, or Ownership, (unless such as usually wait on their Person) to go to either the aforesaid Towns on Sundays, notwithstanding such Slave carry with him Nothing to fell, without a Ticket, in which Ticket is to be expressed his or her Name: And the Constables in the said Towns are hereby flriblly charged and commanded diligently to examine any Negro or other Slaves that shall come into any of the aforesaid Towns on Sundays, and if they have no Ticket, as aforesaid, the said Constables are hereby impowered to take up and whip such Slaves, not exceeding Thirty-nine Lashes, and shall be paid for their Trouble Six Shillings out of the public Treasury; but if any the said Constables shall be remiss, or neglect their Duty herein, he or they shall forfeit for every such Offence Forty Shillings current Money.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whatsoever Master, Mistress, Owner, or Renter of any Plantation in this Island, being thereupon resident, and not being abroad from his or her Plantation, and where none such resident on the Plantation, then if any Manager of any such Plantation, and having the Care thereof, and thereon resident, and being at Home, or if any Overseer, being at Home, and the Master, Mistress, Owner, or Renter, happens to be absent from Home, shall fbf-

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

69

fer any Slave to beat any Drum or Drums, or empty Casks, or great 1-----—>

Gourds, or to blow Horns, Shells, or loud Instruments, for the Diversion 173°- t or Entertainment of Slaves in his, her, or their Plantation, he, she, or ~ v' they fha.II forfeit Twenty Pounds current Money of this Island for every such Offence, unless they suppress the fame in one Hour after the fame begins; provided, that Information thereof be given upon Oath to one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for this Island, within Three Weeks after the Offence is committed.

VI. And it is also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That on Com- Justice to plaint made to any Justice of the Peace of any Crime done by any Slave reason1 for'" or Slaves, such Justice shall issue out his Warrant for apprehending the fmaiiof-Offender or Offenders, and for all Evidences; if the said Justice find such fences' Crime not capital, he may appoint public Correction of such Slave, according to Discretion; but if the Crime be very heinous, then the said Justice shall commit the said Offender to Prison, to be tried by the Council, as usual.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all fnfr of .Fines and Forfeitures in this Act specified, and not declared how and Scs!8 in what Manner to be levied and disposed of, shall be recovered by Warrant from a Justice of Peace to any Constable, if not above Six Pounds, and by Warrant from Two Justices for any Fine exceeding

Six Pounds; which Constable is hereby fully impowered to execute the said Warrant, and to take such Fees as shall be thought reasonable and sufficient by the said Justices; one Half of such Fines shall be and enure to the Informer, the other Flalf shall be to his Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, towards carrying on the Forts and Fortifications, or other public Works of this Island.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Dfpatch of the public

Business of this Island.

1738.

115-

'HER EAS the public Business of this Island is very often retarded for Want of a sufficient Number of the Members of the Council and Assembly to transact the fame, whereby many Inconve-niencies did daily arise, before a certain Penalty was laid on such Members as did not duly attend, by an Act passed the Thirteenth Day of February, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. which said Act expired the Twelfth Day of March. Iaft: And forasmuch as we have found that the said Law was of great Service and Benefit to this Island, by obliging the Members of the Council and Assembly to pay due Attendance, when summoned to meet on public Business: We, Your Majesty's loyal Subjects, the Council and Assembly of Montserrat, do pray Your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by his Excellency the Governor in Chief in and over all Your Majesty’s

S Leeward

7 o

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

t---^-----, Leczuard Charibbee Islands in America, by and with the Advice and Con-

173^- sent of the said Council and Assembly of Montserrat, and by the Autho-Penalty^fbt^ rity aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, if any a Member Member or Members of his Majesty's Council and Assembly of this Island, ciVnot^obe"* ^lav^nS been summoned by the Provost-marshal, or his Deputy or De-fnghisSum- puties, either by writing or verbally. Twenty-four Hours before the Day mons. of meeting, to meet or attend, shall neglect or omit to meet by the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon of the Day mentioned in such Summons, unless disabled by Sickness, such Member or Members To neglecting to attend, as aforesaid. Oath being first made of his or their being duly summoned, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of this Island the Sum of Fourteen Shillings, in the Specie of Cash, for every such Neglect, and in Default of Payment thereof^ the Treasurer, or his lawful Deputy for the Time being, hath hereby tobflc ^ecT Power and Authority, without any further Warrant, to levy on ° e evie ‘ the Goods and Chattels of such Member or Members refilling to pay, as aforesaid, and the same to expole to public Sale within Two Days after they shall be lo levied on : And if any Dispute shall happen on any Summons in writing that shall be lent to any Member or Members, the same shall be determined by the Oath of such Member or Members.

II. And whereas the Members of the Council and Assembly are often at some Expence and Charge in attending, as aforesaid; in Order therefore to render such Attendance the more easy, and leis chargeable, be Member of it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as the Council and ciViPsyT Assembly shall be summoned to meet, each Member attending shall be paid Seven Shillings current Money out of the public Stock of this Island.

o^Penaite11 hT J^'ND it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all o ena ties. ang every the Penalties and Forfeitures mentioned in this Act, shall be applied in Manner following; that is to say'-, First, to defray the Charges of the Council and Assembly', as before mentioned, and the Overplus, if any, shall be towards the Relief of the Poor of this Island.

116. An Act to explain and amend an Act, intitided. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, and for preventing the cutting down or clearing the standing Woods, Underwoods, Copses, or Bullies which grow by the Sides of the Rivers and Brooks in this Island.

WHEREAS it has been represented by the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes or Divisions in this Island, that an Act, bearing Date the Thirte'enth Day of June, One Thousand Seven Vide No/46. Hundred and Two, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highways, and for preventing the cutting down or clearing the Jlanding Woods, Underwoods, Copses, or Bushes which grow by the Sides of Rivers

and

71

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

and Brooks in this Island, has been construed, by Self-interested Persons,

contrary to the true Intent and Purpose thereof whereby the said Surveyors have been greatly obstructed in their Duty: We, Your Majesty's —

most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council arid Assembly of Your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do humbly pray Your Moll Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clause in the said Act, in these Words, viz. (" And any Explanation " Person or Persons neglecting or refilling to fend their Negroes, as ?f a )"lauIc " aforesaid, shall forfeit for each working Negro Two Shillings and Six ^a. orme‘ " Pence") shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be understood to be Two Shillings and Six Pence per Diem for each working Negro which such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse fending, when duly summoned, to be recovered and applied as in the said Act mentioned.

[Proviso.]

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Survey- ors of the Highways shall have Power to summon any of the Inhabitants

in their respective Parishes or Divisions, to attend with more than the one Moiety of their working Field Negroes, to repair and amend the Highways.

III. And be it, and it is hereby declared, and for the future enacted.

That the Negroes which shall be sent to repair and amend the High- what Ne-ways shall be of the bell and ablest Workers; which Negroes shall all how equipt. bring Houghs, and at least one Third of them shall bring Baskets, to the Highways: And if the Surveyors of any Parish or Division fir all fee proper, they may direct any Person to lend any Number of Bills with their Negroes to the Highways, not exceeding the Number of Negroes such Person shall fend, and any Number of Axes, not exceeding Two from any one Plantation; and also, where any Person fends Ten or more Negroes, he shall fend (if required) an Iron Crow, and one or two Pickaxes, as the Surveyors shall direct, to be employed on the Highways; and all such Negroes shall attend, de Die in Diem, at the Highways, to repair and amend the fame, until discharged by the Surveyors.

IV. And be it Further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when How Dif-any Dispute shall arise, concerning the Number of working Negroes any !lutjS a’.c to Person or Persons shall be possessed of, that the Proof shall lie upon the be eci ed" Owner, Renter, or Manager of such Working Negroes, which if he or they refuse to make upon Oath before a Justice of the Peace, he or they shall be assessed by the Surveyors of the Highways, according to the full Number of Negroes he or they Hand charged with upon the lait Levy Lift returned to the Treasurer.

V. And forasmuch as grasping and avaricious Persons have, by an unjust Influence, prevailed with the Surveyors to connive at their illegal Encroachments upon the Highways; in Order therefore to oblige the Surveyors to a firift Observance of their Duty, be it ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person, when Surveyors chosen as Surveyor, shall repair, within Six Days at farthest after his be- to e worn" ing so chosen, before a Justice of the Peace, where he shall take the following Oath, viz.

I A.B. do j'wear, That 1 will, to the best of my Knowledge, duly execute Their Oa*., the Office of Surveyor of the Highways for Parish.

or Division, as long as I shall therein continue, according to the Lazos of this Island, without Partiality, Favour, or AffeElion.

'So help me God.

A Certi-

7 2

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Penalty on Surveyor’s acting without taking the Oath*

Surveyors to act as Toon as 'sworn*

Constables to summon Planters by Surveyors Warrant*

Constables

Pay.

Penalty for a public Nuisance:

How to be recovered and applied.

An addition nal Surveyor to be appointed.

A Certificate of the taking of which Oath mult be lodged by the said Justice in the Secretary’s Office, within Six Days after it’s being taken: And if any Surveyor of the Highways shall a cl as such before he has taken such Oath, as aforesaid, he shall forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds lawful Money of this Island; which Forfeiture shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as upon their refusing to serve in the said Office.

VI. Whereas also it has afforded Matter of Cavil, whether Surveyors, when cholen, have any Power to act before Notice thereof is given in the Churches of their respective Parishes or Divisions by which Means, the Surveyors for those Pari dies or Divisions where there are no Churches will always be liable to Cornells and Delays in the Execution of their Office, which it will be of the utmost Consequence to prevent for the future; be it therefore ordained and enacted, and it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Surveyor of the Highways, after having been duly sworn, shall be deemed sufficiently impowered to act in his Office as Surveyor, the same as if Notice of his being chosen had been given in Church.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Surveyors of the Highways, in their respective Parishes or Divisions, shall be impowered, when and as often as the Highways in their respective Parishes or Divisions shall want repairing or clearing, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to a Constable of the same Parish or Division, to summon the Inhabitants of the same Parish or Division, either in Person, or by calling and leaving Word with a white Person of their Plantation, or, if no white Person, with the Negro Overseer or Driver, to attend with their Quota of Slaves, to repair and clean the Highways; and the said Notice for attending Highways, being given Forty-eight Hours before the Time of Attendance, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed as sufficient, and of as full Force, as if public Notice thereof had been given in Church: And the Constables shall receive out of the public Treasury of this Island Six Pence lawful Money of this Island for each Person summoned, whereof he is immediately to return a Lilt upon Oath to one of the Surveyors.

VIII. And whereas it is enacted and provided by the aforesaid Act, " That where any Person shall turn, any Water-course or Gutter, or " suffer the fame in their Lands to overflow, or run into the cora-" mon Highway, he or they shall for every Month forfeit and 1 ole the " Sum of Five Pounds current Money for each Gutter or Water-

course that shall so impair the said Highway;" which Forfeiture being unapplied, and no Directions in the said Act how it shall be recovered, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the aforesaid Forfeiture of Five Pounds shall and may be recovered before any one Justice of the Peace, upon Oath of the Surveyors for that Parish or Division where the Fafl shall happen, and levied by his Warrant on the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, to the Use of His Majesty, Kis Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, to be applied towards the repairing and building the Forts and Fortifications thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth there shall be elefled and appointed, in Manner and Form aforesaid, an additional Surveyor for each Parish or Division, to be veiled with the fame Power and Authority as the other Surveyors of the Highways, and to be subject to the same Penalties on refusing to serve,

73

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

which shall be recovered and applied as before directed; as tikewife Two

Surveyors for the Town of Plymouth, to be elected and appointed out of the Inhabitants of the said Town, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and to be subject to the same Penalties on refilling to serve, to be recovered and veyors for applied as before recited, which Surveyors for the Town of Plymouth, so chosen, shall have Power and Authority to summon, as aforesaid, the oay of the Inhabitants of the said Town, to fend three Fourths of all their working K-rveyors and able Negroes, for the cleaning and repairing the several Streets,

Lanes, and Alleys in the said Town, as often as they shall think con- Plymouth. venient, and for punching Delinquents in the same Manner as is practised by the Surveyors of the Highways in their respective Parishes or Divisions; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And it any Justice of the Peace shall fail to do his Duty in any Penalty on

Respect, as by this Act required, he shall forfeit Fifty Pounds lawful of

Money of this Island for every Offence or Neglect, to be recovered in Duly, any Court of this Island by Action of Debt, one Moiety to the Use of the Informer suing for the fame, and the other Moiety to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, to be employed about the Forts and Fortifications thereof, in which Action the Informer, if he recover, shall recover also full Colls.

XI. And if any Justice of the Peace, or Surveyor of the Highways, Public Act shall be sued or molested for any T hing done by Virtue of this Act, he

or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence in such Suit; and if the Plaintiff in such Suit be nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or a Verdict be found against him, he shall pay TrcbicCofls. treble Costs of Suit, and all Judges and Juries are to take Notice thereof accordingly.

1739-40.

An Act for preventing clandestine Marriages in the If and of 120.

Montserrat.

WHEREAS cl an destine Marriages have been frequently celebrated in this Island, whereby Parents have been deprived of their Children without their Consent or Approbation, to the great Injury and Inquietude of Families: And whereas evil-minded Persons are still at Liberty to carry on such irregular Practices, unless timely prevented by Law; for remedying thereof^ and entirely suppressing so great anE\iI, we. Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Council and Assembly of the Island of Montserrat, do pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Governor in Chief of all His Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of the said Island of Montserrat, and by pcvfcnsto the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of tins* be called in Act, no Rector, Vicar, Chaplain, or Curate, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall presume, under any Colour or Pretence what- ^/before

T soever. Marriage:

74

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1739-4o-

Or have a Licence.

Penalty on Offenders.

Penalty how to be applied.

soever, to marry or join together in Wedlock any Couple before, the Parties so intending or deiigning to be married be duly called in Rome Church of this Uland by the Christian Name and Surname of" the said Couple for Three Sundays, during the Time of Divine Service, or that the Parties so intending to be married, or one of them, shall first procure and take out, or cause to be procured and taken out of the Secretary’s Office of this Island a Licence for that Purpose, which Licence shall also be ligned by the Ordinary or deputed Ordinary on this Illaud for the Time being, before the same shall be of any Force or Validity whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall marry, or join together in Wedlock any Couple whatsoever, unless both Parties be first called in Church, as aforesaid, or have such Licence, as aforesaid, authorizing him to do the fame, such Person or Persons offending against this Act shall forfeit and pay Four Hundred Pounds current Money for every Offence so by him committed, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of" Record by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in which no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: and the fame, when recovered, shall go, one Moiety, or half Part thereof, to such Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the fame, and the other Moiety, or half Part, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being, to and for the Repairs of the Churches in this Island.

121» An Act for the better Recovery of Debts from Judges, and others, Ministers of the Law in this Island, and for obliging them to put in Special Bail upon Warrants of Alrrejl.

WHEREAS it has been found by Experience, that Judges of the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and others Ministers of the Law in this Island, have made an ill Use of their Privilege, in obliging Persons who arrested them to accept of a common Appearance instead of giving Special Bail to such Actions, by Means whereof several Persons have lost their Debts, after having been put to great Expences in endeavouring to recover them, to the great Detriment of Merchants, and other Persons trading to and from this Island, as well as many of the Inhabitants residing therein: And whereas nothing can be of worse Consequence to the public Good, or more hurtful to the Trade of any Place, than that Persons who are intrusted in such high and exalted Stations as Judges of the Courts are, should endeavour to fereen themselves from the Payment of their just Debts by any such Privilege, when they ought to shew good Example, as well in the Payment of their Debts, as in the due Execution of the Laws: We therefore. Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Captain-general, and Governor in Chief of all His Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Council

and

75

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

and Assembly of this Your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do pray Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, no Judge or Judges of Error, no Chief Justice or Justice Assistant of the Court of King’s-bench, and Common-pleas, no Baron of His Majesty s Court of Exchequer, no Barrister or Attorney at Law, or any other Minister of the Law, in or belonging to the said Courts, or any other Person whatsoever, shall hereafter have any Right or Privilege to enter any common Appearance for the Discharge of any Bail-bond entered into by them, or any of them, or in any Case whatsoever where Special Bail ought to be given by the Laws and Customs of this Island, or the Laws and Customs of Great Britain that are in Force here; but that every Judge or Judges of Error, every Chief Justice, Justice Assistant, Baron of the Exchequer, Barrister or Attorney at Law, or any other Minister of the Law, in or belonging to the said Courts, or any other Person, shall be, and is hereby obliged to put in Special Bail to such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as if they, and each of them, never had any such Privilege, or in the same Manner as any other of His Majesty’s.Subjects are obliged to do; any Usage, Privilege, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And whereas some Disputes have arisen upon an Act, intituled.

An Act for the establishing a Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for the more speedy Execution of jfujlice; and for collcEling certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket settled by his Excellency, by the Advice of the Council, paHed in the Island of Montserrat the Seventh Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Twenty-nine, in-aftnuch as there is no Mention in the said Act of any Person that shall lign any Writ or Writs of Summons, Warrant or Warrants of Arrest,' or Execution, against the Chief Judge of the Courts of King’s-bench and Common-pleas for the Time being; be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, all Writs of Summons, Warrants of Arrests, and Executions for the future, that shall be issued against the Chief Justice for the Time being, shall be signed by the next senior Justice, if upon the Island, and in Case of his Absence, Disability, or Refusal, by the next in Commission, and so in Course, respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

An Act impowering the Justices of the Court of General Sessions to appoint Surveyors of the Highways, and for the Town of Plymouth, on Failure of their being appointed, as by former Acts directed.

WHEREAS a sufficient Provision is not yet made for appointing Surveyors of the Highways, and for the Town of Plymouth, whereby great Inconveniencies have arisen to the Public; we. Your Majesty’s

All Persons arrested shall be held to Bail.

Vide No. 86.

How Writs shall be sign* ed.

3$° 123‘

76

Who may appoint Surveyors, on NeglectoF Freeholders, ©c.

Fide No. 46.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief" in and over all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of Your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do humbly pray Your Most Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the chief Freeholders in each Parish or Division shall neglect meeting to choose Surveyors on Easter Tuesday or Wednesday, and likewise the Judge of the said Parish or Division, and the Assemblymen, shall neglect choosing Surveyors the Week following, as directed by an Act, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of June, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Two, intituled, An Act for repairing and amending the Highzoays, and for preventing the cutting doxon or clearing the funding Woods, JJnderxoooods, Copses, or Bxfies which grow by the Sides of Rivers and Brooks in this If and, then the Justices of the Court of Grand Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, General Gaol Delivery, and General Session's of the Peace, shall, at their General Sessions, be impowered and authorized to nominate and appoint Surveyors, for repairing and amending the Highways of the several Parishes or Divisions in this Island, and for cleaning and repairing the several Streets, Lanes, and Alleys in the Town of Plymouth; which Surveyors, so nominated and appointed, shall be veiled with the fame Power and Authority, and be subject to the same Penalties as if they had been chosen, as by former Acts directed; any Thing in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

A N

A N

ABRIDGMENT

OF THE

A£fs of A {Terribly,

PASSED IN THE

Island of MONTSERRAT;

From 1668, to 1740, inclusive.

LONDON: Printed in the Year 1790.

To the following

ABRIDGMENT.

A

A ^femblieSj—— J~k. Slffignments, — Shtiffcers, —r—--

Alehouses, fee 'jhtCJllOrS.

Page.

81

82 ibid.

D.

Page.

T'\‘ilSe?eitce£ not abofce 61.-. 87

JLJ? Defendants, fee Courts.

E.

B.

B<ffiaCOttS,-----: ;- ibid.

Bills and Bonds, fee Sffigtltttett tS.

OBiafpbktWPj----- ibid.

Stoats attn ©aijcrriejs, - ibid.

25ownt>s of KbaniJj—----- ibid.

c.

"E? States, - ibid.

JlLj CrecWtiOtI&----- ibid.

Evidences, fee CQlft*tS,

F.

ffOBeS,-----;----- ibid.

A Factors, fee CrCtJtt.

forestaller&----- ibid.

(forts:, - 88

C$ne£, - ibid. G.

Canoes, - 83

Cattle ftolert bp Negroes, - ibid. /O awing, - ibid.

Coin, - ibid. Vjt cEenejai Sessions, - ibi&

Comwobities rateti, - ibid. <©ot>ernor, - ibid.

Corn, jFlotir, Circuit, &c.----- 84

Councillors, - ibid. H.

Courts of 9|tt0icature, - ibid. 11

CreDif,-----—-----:— 86 irXgjgfttoaps. — 89

3>mpost,

Index to the following Abridgment.

I.

Page.

- :----- i— 90

A ’Jlnin'go arts £a>ttg;ar,-----91

aiftgrotfers, - ibid.

SliTtC-VCfi ai iJ@onep, - ibid.

3IlSVles,-----~----- ibid.

3!!3%e<s rna? be arrestes, —-----92

L.

Page.

ProbifiOttS, —-----; — 96

Plaintiffs, fee eottrtS.

S.

¥ SLboucers l&'ages, A—i '/La\B*Cuits area %i

See also CottrtS-

'fliqitors autj licences, — Aorb’s -

- ibid, imitations, ibid.

ibid.

93

M.

triages,— fii^arC&als,-

afters ot £=> flips, fiBiittia, -

Snifters,

ibid.

94 ibid.

ibid.

95

O.

probriows language, — ibid.

p.

Pitrifij C&urclj, -

IPfipficians, -

Ponder Duty, fee SjmpQft-

ibid.

- 96

QCamctt or jailors, -

Sabbath, fee jULorD’S OD&V-

£=>ecretarg, -

Sextants anti ££>iabes,

Sefhons, fee general @>eCftons.

ips3-----

Sugar, fee CatteS, and 3ftrDiga,

ibid.

ibid.

ibid.

99

T.

HHJ£>atcbeo Routes, - ibidi.

A Cobacco, - 100

erase, - ibid.-

w.

TAP $ter* cowr fes, - 101

vv heights anb Slt^eaCures,— ibid,

aftfljerrfes, - ibid.

£&I00SS, - ibid.

0j£Clrf tings, - 102

©Ur it& - ibid.

JsR.

4T«F>P irfi

A N

A

N

ABRIDGMENT

OF THE

Acts of AJTembly

OF

MONTSERRAT.

WemoigmejT* No. 76.

NO Provofi-marshal shall, by Virtue of any Writ out of any Court, levy upon any of the Members of the Council or Assembly, or their Clerks, Officers, or their Servants or Slaves waiting on them, or upon Persons attending on the Courts of Law, or the Horses they ride on, when convened by the Governor for the Benefit of the Colony, nor for 24 Hours before or after such Meeting.

No. 82. II. SeSl. 6.

IF any Member of the Council or AlTem-bly shall sign any public Adjustment out of their respective Houses, he shall forfeit

One Hundred Pounds, Half to the Use of the Fortifications, and Half to any Member of the Council or Assembly who shall file for the fame within Seven Months after the Offence committed.

No. 115. III. SeB. 1.

IF any Member of the Assembly, being summoned by the Marshal 24 Hours before the Time of meeting, shall neglect to attend by Ten o’Clock in the Forenoon on the Day of meeting, and not disabled, he shall forfeit Fourteen Shillings; and if he refuse to pay it, the Treasurer shall levy it on his Goods : And if any Dispute arise on any Summons, it shall be determined by the Oath of the Member.

X

IV. §2. Every

82

An Abridgment of the AEls of Montserrat.

IV. §2. Every Member of the Assembly shall be paid Seven Shillings for every Day’s Attendance, out of the public Stock of the Island.

V. §3. Forfeitures by this Act shall go to the Expence of the Council and Assembly.

Afsignm£ttt0. No. 32. Sett. 1.

NO Person shall make over or assign any Bonds or Bills of Debts due to them from an Inhabitant of the Island, without Consent of the Debtor, or perfecting Accounts with him, on Penalty of making Satisfaction to the Person wronged, and Iniprisonnient till paid.

II. §3. No Person Inhabitant, or Foreigner, shall have a Trial for any Debt or Contract by a Jury of 1 2 Freeholders in any Court in the Island, unless the Debt or Contract, besides Penalties, amount to 1000lb. of Sugar Value.

Artificers. No. gi.

ALL Manner of Debts due to Artificers, not above Six Pounds, may be determined by a Justice of Peace, who may summon the Defendant; and in Case of Non-appearance, or the Plaintiff prove his Debt, the Justice shall issue Execution against the Defendant, and for Want of Distress commit the Defendant to Gaol.

s. d.

Fees for a Warrant or Execution, r 6

Serving each, - o 9

With Three Pence per Mile to the Marshal for travelling.

And for levying the Execution, — 1 6

And the Justice shall record all his Proceedings.

II. §2. Every Justice once a Year shall return a Record of all such Proceedings into the Secretary’s Office, on Penalty of Five Pounds.

'BCaCOiTJJ. No. 7. Seel. 5.

"DEACONS should be built in each Divi-jLJJ lion of the Island, in such Place as the Commander of the Division should appoint; and if built of Stone, the Walls should be Eight or Ten Foot high, if of Timber, the Posts to be of such Height as the Commander shall appoint.

II. §6. No Person shall fire a Beacon without juli Cause, on Penalty as in such Cases are provided by the Laws of England.

25iafp6cm?. No. 54. Sett. 2.

WHOEVER shall by Prophaneness or Blafphcroy dishonour Almighty God, shall be lined at the Discretion of the Court,

not above 4000/A of Sugar, and if not able to pa)-, shall have Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb.

II. §5. Penalties shall be Half to the Support of the Government, and Half to the Informer.

ilSoats and ©Cftjmieg. No. 35. Sett. 3.

ALL Owners of Boats, or other small Vessels, shall chain them up every Night to a Tree or Poll, or bring them underGuard, and take away their Oars, Sails, and Rudders, and secure them, on Penalty of 2000/A of Sugar.

II. §4. Whoever shall be com idled ol steal-ing any Boat, or other Vefle), or be aiding to the fame, shall be guilty of Felony.

III. §5. Persons contriving or complotring to steal any such Vessel, if free, shall pay 2000/A of Sugar to the Public; but if the Offender be a Servant, he shall be publicly whipt, and when his Time is expired be sold for Four Years longer for the Benefit of the Public.

JSoiotDsof and No. 21. Sett. 1.

HTHIS Clause appointed several Persons to survey and mark the Bounds of all the Plantations in the Island, and ordered that the fame should be by the said Surveyors or Examiners certified into the Secretary’s Office, and there remain, as good and lawful to Posterity for and against all Persons concerned.

II. §2. After the Bounds were so examined, the Persons concerned in them should keep them clean and cleared once a Year, on Penalty of 1000lb. of Sugar.

III. §3. The Persons appointed to examine the said Bounds were to return Certificates of the whole within Two Months after the passing of the Act, on Penalty of I ooooil- of Sugar for each Neglect.

Canes. No. 8. inp. 11.

IF any Person pass through a Field of Canes where there is no common Path, he shall be liable to the Censure of the Governor and Council. If a Master, Servant, or Slave, go into a Field of Canes by Day or Night with Fire-light, though no Hurt be done, yet he shall be liable to the fame Censure of Governor and Council: But if the Canes be set on Fire by a Master, or by a Servant or Slave, by the MaIter’s Confenr, then the Master shall make full Satisfaction, otherwise be liable to the fame Censure; but if a Slave offend of his own Accord, he shall be punished as the Governor and Council shall censure, not to prejudice Life or Limb. And every Master, Servant, or Slave, gathering Cane-tops without the Owner’s Consent, shall be liable to the said Censure of the Governor and Council.

No. 50.

§3

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

No. 50. II. SAL 1.

IF any Person carry Fire, orfmoke Tobacco through Canes, or Paths on the Side of Canes, if a White, he shall forfeit Five Shillings, and if a Black, he shall be whipt, not exceeding 39 Lashes.

III. §2. If bycarryingFire,or fmoakingTobacco, any Canes happen to be burnt, the Damage shall.-be viewed by Two Freeholders, and by t;. e jkeport of one or both of them on Oath, the Sufferer shall recover his Damages to the full Value, if the Offender be a free white Man, if a Servant or Black, then from the Owner of the Servant or Slave, or else deliver his Servant or Slave up to the Sufferer.

IV. §3. The Bounds or Borders of all Plantations where Canes are planted shall be a Range of Ground 35 Foot wide, of which the Windward Plantation shall allow' 20 Foot and the Leeward 15: And when any Person has Occasion to burn his Ground or Trash, he shall give the other 24 Hours Warning.

V. §4. When Canes shall be burnt for Want of due Warning, or Distance of Ground left, all Damage shall be made good by the Person who neglected his Duty in that Cafe.

VI. §5. Every white Person breaking Canes, shall forfeit Ten Shillings, or be whipt, not above 20 Laihes; if a Slave, to be whipt, not above 39 Laihes: And if a Slave is wounded or killed in Pursuit of him, no Satisfaction shall be made to his Owner.

Canoes, No. 82. Sc5l. 1.

ALL Persons, Owners or Part-owners of Canoes, shall give Bond in the Secretary’s Office, with Two Sureties, Freeholders, in Five Hundred Pounds Penalty, for making Satisfaction to any Person whose Servant or Slave shall escape from the Iffand in such Canoe.

II. §2. Ill Cafe of any Person suffering by such Neglect, the Bond shall be assigned over by the Lieutenant-governor, or President for the Time being, to such Sufferer, to be sued in any Court for the Penalty, out of which Satisfaction shall be made to the Person prejudiced: And if the Lieutenant-governor or President' neglect to assign over such Bond, when demanded, he shall forfeit Five Hundred Pounds to the Party grieved, wherein no Privilege or Protection shall be allowed.

III. §3. If any Owner of a Canoe, or Part-owner, neglect to give such Security, the Pro-voft-marshal, Constable, or other public Officer, shall burn such Canoe, and utterly destroy it, and all such Canoes.

IV. §4. If any Canoe shall remain unde-stroyed 14 Days after the Owner shall refuse to give Bond, the Constable, or other public

Officer of the Parish where the Canoe is, shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

V. §5. If any Person (required) shall refuse or neglect to aid or aflilt such Officer in the Execution of this ACfc, he shall be committed to Gaol for Three Months.

Cattle ffolett fty fyegtoesf. . No. 33.

Sect. 1.

GOODS stolen by Negroes shall be paid 'for by the Owners of the Slaves, to the Owners of the Goods stolen.

For every Cow, - Soon

Every Beafliit to draw in a Mill, 1000 J

Every Horse or Mare, - 2000 Ab. Sag.

Every Calf Six Months old,— 200

if under, but-----20J

For Hogs, Goars, or Turkies, the fame Value in Quality shall be reltored; and the Slaves offending shall be publicly whipt.

<2Laiti, No. 16.

r I"' H E third, andfourth Clauses of this Act fixed the Value at which Dollars Jfjould pass in Montserrat; but that Act being repealed by general Words in the Act of Parliament for settling the Rates of Foreign Coins in the British Plantations in America, it was therefore thought proper not to insert any Abridgment of tnfe Two Claifes in this Collett ion.

Commodities! rated. No. 20. Sect. 1.

r 'HIS Act appointed Viewers of Sugar and Indigo, paid from Party to Party; but that seems obfoietc, there beii/g no SucceJston appointed.

II. §2. Enacts, That no Sugar shall be paid under Fifteen Shillings the Hundred.

No. 44. III. Se£l. t.

ACTIONS brought for Debts due in the Island before May r, 1700, may pay hi Money in lieu of every ioo!b. of Sugar,

s. d.

- 12 6

Every Pound of Indigo,-----2 .0

Every Pound of Cotton-wool ginn’d, o 9

Every Pound of Tobacco or Ginger, o iF

IV. §2. The Judges of the Courts shall allow the Defendants to tender Money in lieu of Goods, at the Rates aforesaid; and upon an Execution levied, if the Defendant tender Money at the aforesaid Rate, the Marshal shall discharge the Defendant.

V. §3. For Debts contracted or due since May 1700, the Debtors shall be obliged to pay in the Specie contracted for; and the Judges shall cause Judgment to be entered for the Commodity contracted for, or so much Money

84

An Abridgment of the Atls oj Montserrat.

a s the lame fli ill be then worth, which shall be valued by the Judges.

VI. §4. If the Marfl.al can't find the Commodities for which Judgment is entered, he may levy on any other Goous or Lands to raise as much Money as will pay what the Execution is for, in the usual Manner; and when the Execution is laid on the Body of the Defendant, he shall lie till he has paid the Debt in Money or Commodities.

VII. §5. The Secretary shall insert in the Record, and under every Judgment, whether it is for a Debt due before or after the First of May, 170 O; but this t vas but for Four 2 "ears.

VIII. § 0. This teas or.ly a temporary Clause, in Favour of the Marshal, hi Regard to levying Executions at that ‘Time, zvbieb is nozv obsolete.

Com., jrlom*, TBismit, attD £>ates.

No. gj. Sect. x.

ALL Flour and Biscuit shall be sold by the Hundred Weight; Indian Corn, at 56lb. to the Bushel, off the Hulk, but upon the Husk, at 84 lb. to the Bushel; and Oates, at 36 lb. to the Bushel; and if any Person buy or fell contrary, they shall forfeit Five Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered before a Justice, and levied by his Warrant.

II. §2. A Copy of this Act is to be fixed up in each Parish of the Island.

Councillors. No. 76.

NO Councillor or Clerks attending the Council, nor any of rheir Servants or Slaves waiting on them, nor the Horses they ride on, shall be levied on by any Writ out of any Court on any public Days of meeting, when summoned or convened for the Benefit of the Island, nor in 24 Hours before or after such Meeting.

No. 82. II. Sect. 6.

IF any Member of the Council or Assembly shall lign any public Adjustment out of their respective Houses, he shall forfeit One Hundred Pounds, Half to the Use of the Fortifications, and the other Half to any Member of the Council or Assembly who shall sue for the fame within Seven Months after the Offence committed.

No. 115. III. Sett. 1.

IF any Member of the Council, duly summoned by the Marshal to meet and attend, and shall refuse or neglect to attend by Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon on the Day of meeting, and not being disabled by Sickness, he shall forfeit Fourteen Shillings; and if he refuse to pay it, then the Treasurer shall levy it on his

Goods : And if any Dispute arile on a Summons, itfhali be determined by the Oath of the Member.

IV. §2. Every Member of the Council shall be paid Seven Shillings for each Meeting out of the public Stock of the Island.

V. §3. All Forfeitures by Virtue of this Act shall be applied to the Charges of the Council and Assembly.

Courts of gillDicatm'C. No. 7. Sett. 1.

THE Inhabitants are impowered to cut Timber in any Plantation to build a Court-house, to be eicCicd at the Cofl and Charge of Four Carpenters in the Act named.

II. §1. Commissioners were appointed to oversee the Building, and all others concerned were to be obedient to their Commands.

III. §3. Commissioners were appointed to see the Court-house thatched and daubed.

IV. §4. Every Freeman summoned to aflifir, and neglecting, shall forfeit io/b. of Sugar per Day, and be liable to Corporal Punishment; and every Master to forfeit 2olb. of Sugar per Day for every Servant or Negro’s Neglect; and if the Servant or Negro was in Fault, then they were to have Corporal Punishment; and if a Master or Overseer detained them, he then should forfeit 4clb. of Sugar per Day.

No. 32. V. Sett. 2.

'T 'IT E Governor shall have full Power to appoint twice a Year one General Court of Oyer and Terminer and Ni/i Frias, to be held for the Island.

No. 76. VI.

NO Plaintiff, Defendant, or Evidence, attending any Court of Judicature, shall be levied on by any Writ out of any Court, nor on their Servants or Slaves waiting on them, nor on the Horses they ride on, upon any Court or public Days of Attendance, nor within 24 Hours before or after the Time of Attendance.

No 8g. VII. Sett. 1.

A Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, confishing of a Chief Justice and Four Alfifiants, appointed by the Governor, shall bear, try, and determine in the said Court, according to the Laws of Great Britain, and of the Island, all Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions at Law, which shall be brought into the said Court.

VIII. §2. The Judges shall all take the State Oaths, and the Oath prescribed in the Act.

IX. §3. The Judges shall have the fame Power as the Judges of the King’s bench and

Common-

An Abridgment of the AEls of Montserrat. 85

Common-picas have at Westminster, subjectnevertheless to such Jurisdictions, Power, and Authority as the Court of King’s-bench at Westminster hath usually exercised over all other Courts of Law or Justice in His Majesty's Dominions.

X. §4. The Court shall be held at Plymouth, on the second fuefaay in March, April, May, ‘June, July and August, yearly, and may be adjourned by any Two Justices, but not above Ten Days, and in August not above Three Days.

XI. §5. Two of the Judges may try all General Issues, but no Judgment in Special Cales, as expressed hi the All, but by Three Judges.

XII. §6. All Actions shall be entered, and Declarations filed in the Secretary’s Office Ten Days before each Court: And all Copies of Declarations, and Writs of Summons, in the Form preferiled in the Act, shall be served on the Defendant Four Days before Court.

XIII. §7. In Actions of Account, or upon Bills, Bonds, or AJfumpJ/ts, no Declaration, but a Copy of the Account, and a Summons shall be served on the Defendant; and if the Defendant cannot be found, or be absent from the Island, then the Copy and Summons shall be left at his usual Place of Abode, or on his Freehold, and another Copy put up at the Court Door, and shall be deemed as good as personal Service.'

XIV. §8. The Judges are impowered to determine in Court, without a Jury, all Actions under Ten Pounds, or 1000lb. of Sugar, and all causes relating to Servants, and Artificers, and Labourers Wages, not exceeding the Value of 2000lb. of Sugar, or Fifteen Pounds current Money; and the Court may allow the Plaintiff to swear to his own Debt.

XV. §9. All Actions shall be tried at the second Court after commenced, and Judgement immediately given on Verdict found, unless sufficient cause shall appear to the Court to Hay the fame: If the Defendant neglect to appear at the second Court, Judgement shall go by Default, and the Court Until adjufi: the Debt and Damages, as well as by a Writ of Enquiry: Provided, That if the Defendant be Non compos mentis, or absent, he may have his Remedy when his Disabilit.y is removed, for the Wrong done him, if any can be proved.

XVI. §10. All Special Pleas, Demurrers, Writs, or Declarations shall be filed, and Copies delivered Ten Days before the second Court, or Defendant plead General Issue; and the Plaintiff shall deliver his Plea Six Days before Court, or elle the Defendant may ffay rill a third Court; and Joinder in Demurrer shall be heard in Ten Days, or at next Court.

XVII. §11. Immediately on Judgment given, the lenior Judge shall lign Execution in the Manner prescribed in the Aifl.

XVIII. §12. Officers neglecting to levy Executions according to the Directions in such Executions, shall forfeit Fifty Pounds; but if the Defendant shall give Security to deliver the Goods at Day of Sale, or pay the Debt and Colls, he may keep them; which if he fail to do, the goods shall be sold at Plymouth, in Presence of Four credible Witnesses, between Ten and Four o’CIock in the Day, and when Debt, Colts, and Charges paid, the Overplus shall be returned to the Owner; but if the Goods fall short in Value, the Officer shall levy again.

Thu Act loo, has cjlablished Rules for the Sale of Ejfcdts taken in Execution, and paid for in the lyrodu.it of the Island, but that sldt ferns to have mifaken feme IFords therein recited; however the cn-acting Part thereof is in full Force and Use, for which fee the Jl£t itself in Folio 60.

XIX. §13. Officers felling Lands or Goods taken in Execution, shall be

bliged

o-

to receive in Payment Goods of the Produ£I of the Island at the current Price, and the Plaintiff shall accept the same.

XX. § r4. If any Difference shall arise touching the Value of Goods, cither Party may have a Warrant from the senior Judge to appraise the fame by Two Persons named by each Party, who may, if need require, choose an Umpire.

XXI. §15. If any Appraiser or Umpire summoned, refuse or neglect to act, he Ilia 11 forfeit Twenty-five Pounds, to the Use of the Fortifications, upon a Plaintiff’s neglecting to name Appraisers; or if the Appraisers or Umpire neglect the Duty, the senior Judge shall appoint others, and the Goods so appraised shall be delivered to the Plaintiff for his Debt, Damages, and Colts.

XXII. §16. If Goods taken in Execution perish before Sale, (unless by Fault of the Officer, and then he shall bear the Loss) the Defendant or Owner shall bear, and the Officer shall levy more.

XXIII. §17. Ifany Defendant having given Security for the forthcoming of Goods shall conceal the fame, or not deliver them at the Day of Sale, the Marshal shall, by Writ from the senior Judge, seize the Goods of the Security, and if the Security have not Goods to levy on, then the Sureties shall be committed till the Debt and Colls be paid.

XXIV. §1 8. A Bill of Sale from the Mar-flial, of Goods taken by Execution, and fold or delivered to the Plaintiff, as aforesaid, shall be a good Title to the fame; and the fame, as to Land sold by Virtue of an Execution, shall convey as good a Title to the Buyer, as the Defendant from whom it was taken had Or could have made to it; and if the Marshal shall refuse

Y to

86

An Abridgment of the Aids of Montserrat.

to execute a Bill of Sale, he shall forfeit Fifty Pounds for every Default.

XXV. § ig. When Goods are taken in Execution, the Martha! shall put up a Publication for 'Sale thereof, if for Lands, at fio Days; for Slaves, at 28 Days; Cattle and other Goods, at 14 Days after taken in Execution, and the Expence to be borne by the Defendant, or other Persons whose Goods they are.

XXVI. §20. No Execution shall be awarded between the last Day of August, and first of March, yearly, except Writs of Possession of Lands, Slaves, or Goods, on Actions of Dctinue or Replevin, which may be executed at any Time.

XXVII. §21. All Executions shall be levied according to the Directions of this Act, on Penalty of One Hundred Pounds for every Ne-gletfl or Default of any Officer.

XXVIII. §22. The Statutes of Jeofails, and several more English Acts, are enacted to be in Force in that Island : See the Act.

XXIX. §23. The Judges shall proceed and give Judgment in Demurrers according to the Right of the Cafe and Matter in- Law, without Regard to Defeats in Proceedings, except such as the Party demurring shall specially mention, with his Demurrer, as a- Cause of the fame, with some Regard to a Statute of the 27th of Queen Elizabeth, in Cafes of Demurrers and Pleadings: See the Act.

XXX. §24. This ClauTe limits how far the Statutes of Jeofails shall be extended, to prevent Judgments being flayed for Defects in Proceedings.

XXXI. §25. This Act shall not extend to Appeals of Felony or Murder, or to any Process upon any Penal Statute.

XXXII. §26. Defendants to Actions, or Plaintiffs in Replevin, may, with Leave of the Court, put several Pleas in one; and in several Cafes mentioned in the Act the Court shall award Colls at their Discretion.

XXXIII. §27. When Persons arrested shall give Bail, the Marshal shall, on Demand, assign the Bail-bond to the Plaintiff; and if the Bond be forfeited, the Plaintiff may sue the fame, and the Court shall, by a Rule, give Relief thereon according to Justice.

XXXIV. §28. This Clause appoints a Court of Errors, who shall be Judges therein; what Oath they shall take, and the Manner of Proceedings therein: See the Act.

XXXV. §29. The Court where Execution is to be granted upon Affirmation, Discontinuance, or Nonsuit, shall issue a Writ of Enquiry as well of mesne Profits, as of Damages, and Judgment shall be given accordingly; but not to extend to Writs of Error brought by Executors or Administrators, Actions popular. Penal Laws, Indictments, (Ac.

XXXVI. §30. IfaWritofErrorbequalhcd

or discontinued, the Plaintiff shall pay Costs, but not be barred from having a new one; and if either Party be dissatisfied, they may appeal to the Crown, if for above Three Hundred Pounds Sterling, and giving Security to prosecute the same to Effect; but no Executor or Administrator shall be obliged to give Security on a Writ of Error, unless where required by the Laws of England.

XXXVII. §31. All Writs of Error shall be served on the senior Judge, who shall certify the Record and Pleadings in Eight Days, and in Eight Days after the Plaintiff shall assign and file the Errors, and give the Defendant Notice, who in Eight Days more shall plead, demurr, or join in Error, or lose his Advantage.

XXXVIII. §32. Titles to Slaves shall be tried upon Actions of Trover or Detinue, and not upon Replevin. And all Proceedings to Judgments upon Actions brought before this Act, were to go in the Manner prescribed in the like Cafes by this Act.

XXXIX. §33. All Writs of Scire facias shall be served Six Days before the Court-day on. which they are returnable, and be served in the same Manner as Writs of Summons; and if the Defendant plead not thereto at the fame Court, then the Judgment shall Hand.

XL. §34. Nothing in this Act shall affect the proper Persons, Goods, or Effects of Executors or Administrators, in any other Manner than they would be affected or liable by the Laws of England.

XLI. §35- No Alarm or Invasion shall difl-continue any Action, Suit, or Process.

XLII. §36. This Clause establishes a Docket if Fees, settled by the Governor and Council, and obliges all Officers to conform thereto, on Penally of Ten Pounds; but the Docket is not annexed to the Act, as is uftial in such Cases.

XLIII. §37. All Officers shall put up a Table of their Fees in their Offices, in public View, on Penalty of One Hundred Pounds for each Neglect.

XLIV. §38. All causesthen depending were to continue in the State they then were till the next Court was to be held, and then were to be proceeded on in the Manner prescribed in this Act.

No. 121. XLV. SeB. 1.

ALL Judges, and other Ministers of Law, shall be liable to Arrests, and Special Bail, as any other Person.

XLVI. §2. All Writs against Chief Justices, shall be signed by the next senior Justice resident on the Island.

No. 106.

EVERY Merchant or Fadlor in Great Britain, who advances any Money for any Person

87

An Abridgment of the ABs of Montserrat.

-Person residing in the Island, Ilia 11 or may recover Interest for the fame at the Rate as is allowed by the Laws of Great Britain, in the Came Proportion and Manner as if Bonds had been given for the same.

JBiSereitce?. not abofte 61. No. 47.

Se£l. 1.

ALL Trespasse.s and Matters not exceeding Six Pounds Value, may be determined by any Justice of the Peace without Appeal, if under Three Pounds: The Justice, on Complaint, shall summon the Defendant, and on Non-appearance, to issue a Warrant to apprehend him, and may fine him for Contempt, not above Ten Shillings, and after Judgment given, may issue a Warrant of Distress for Fine, Damage, and Charges, and for WantofDiftrefs may commit the Defendant till paid.

II. §1. The Justice shall have One Shilling and Six Pence for a Warrant, and the Constable Nine Pence for serving, and Three Pence per JVTile for travelling: And the Justice shall keep a Record of all his Proceedings.

N.B. This ABt was designed to he repealed by the A£i No. 92 ,• but that An not being in Force till confirmed by the Crown, ihere~ fore this An is fill in Force.

cEstatesh No. 4S5.

THE Island having been some Time under Subjection to the French, all the Right and Title of the Inhabitants to their Estates were supposed to be null and void, therefore a new Act was passed in 1668, ordaining. That all the late Proprietors of the Lands in the Island should be reinvested in all their Plantations and Immunities which they lately enjoyed, and declaring that they might, when rea-fonably desired, have the fame confirmed, by Patent or otherwise, excepting several particular Plantations mentioned in the Act, which were therein declared forfeited to the Crown, unless settled in such Manner and Time as is therein limited.

No. 54. II. Sc cl. 1.

ALL Persons seized in their own Right of any Lands, who had been at the Time of passing- that Act Ten Years in quiet Possession, shall be deemed the lawful Owners, to all Intents and Purposes, as if it had defeended to thtm in the moll regular Manner.

III. §2. Persons under Disability are to be allowed Time to prosecute their Claims, according to the respective Limitations mentioned in the A dt, and no longer.

IV. §3. This Act not to bar any Claim to Lurid held in Fee-tail, or for Life or Years, if

they prosecute their Title in Five Years after the Determination of such Estate, and the Commencement of the Claimant’s Title.

V. §4. This Act was not to hinder Proceedings, then in Suit, to recover any Ellate.

SEyecwtiom No. 73.

NO Writ of Execution shall be levied upon any Person, or their Effects, from and after the last Day of Attgujl, until the first Day of March, yearly, on Penalty of Five Hundred Pounds, to be levied on the Marshal, to the Use of the Person aggrieved.

jfee#. No. 10. Seel. l.

rT'HAT the Fees belonging to each Officer -• may be known, the Secretary’s and Marshal’s Fees shall be the same as mentioned in Two Tables annexed to the Act;

II. §2. The Tables of Fees were to be fairly wrote, and let up in public View in the Secretary’s Office; and that the Secretary or Provost-marshal may trust any Person Fees as they please: Provided this Act shall not prejudice insolvent Debtors.

No. 8g. III. Sc6l. 36.

'T'HIS Clause enacts. That the Fees settled by the Governor and Council shall be the Fees the Officers shall take, and none others, on Penalty of Ten Pounds for every Offence.

IV. §37. All Officers shall be obliged to hang up a Table of their Fees for public View in their respefdiye Offices, on Penalty of One Hundred Pounds for every Offence.

tforeftaiiepg. No. 3.

NO Person shall engross or forestall any Goods to vend in the Island before the Island is satisfied; and if he buy them after the Island is satisfied, he shall fell them again at the Rate such Goods were formerly sold at.

No. 4. II.

IF any Merchant leave Goods in the Island to fell, the Person with whom tkejr are left shall not fell them but after the Rate the first Merchant fold them at.

No. 24. III. Sefil. 2.

O Person shall buy Provisions brought to the Island until 24 Hours after the fame is landed, on Penalty of Ten Barrels of Powder.

No.

88

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

No. 35. iv. Sect. 1. General No. 86. sal 1.

IF any PeiTon go on Board a Vessel in Harbour before the Matter hath been with the Governor, or within 48 Hours after, he shall forfeit $colb. of Sugar.

JFotTtS. No. 33. Sc£l. 2.

ALL Persons keeping Houses of Entertainment in either of the Towns, or within half a Mile of either of them, shall pay every Year 2000 lb. of Sugar; and all other Persons fons following that Employment shall pay 1200lb. of Sugar, towards repairing the Forts.

No. 41. II. SeEl. 1.

EVERY twentieth working Slave in the Island shall, upon Order of the Governor, be sent by their Masters or Overseers with Tools to Kingsale Fort for repairing the fame, and continue till the Work is finished, on Penalty of 20lb. of Sugar for every Slave’s Neglect.

III. §2. The Lieutenant-governor may also, when he thinks fit, repair the Trenches; and the working Slaves (as above) from the Windward, Middle, and White TJ/wrDivisions, shall repair the Trenches and Breaftworks from the Old Road River to the Cove Castle, on Penalty aforesaid; and the Slaves in the Northward Division shall repair the Trenches from Old Road River to Carr's Bay, as they have heretofore done, on the fame Penalty.

IV. §3. The Negroes shall be font to work on the Fort also, for raising a Cave.

V. §4. The Representatives of each Division shall join Families, who have not 20 working Slaves each, in Order to furnish a due Proportion of their Slaves in Turn, which shall be certified to the Person who oversees the Work.

VI. §5. What Charges shall become due to Handicraftsmen, shall be paid out of the public Stock, as also for Provisions allowed when on the Work.

©amtttg. No. 34. Sect. 3.

T F any Person having a Licence to fell Li-S. quors shall suffer common Gaming in their Houses, they shall be fined at the Discretion of the Court, not exceeding 2000lb. of Sugar: And whoever shall, by false Dice or other Deceit, win Money or other Things, shall forfeit treble the Value, being convicted by Verdict: And no Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, won at Game or Betting, shall be recoverable; and all Securities for the same shall be void.

II. §5. Penalties shall be Half to the Support of the Governmcnr, and Half to the Informer.

A General Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, and of the Peace, shall be once a Year held at Plymouth, to conlift of all the Chief Officers in the Island, and in the Order as prescribed in the Act, and the Manner of proceeding therein shall be according to the Laws o (Great Britain, and of the Island: And the Lieutenant-governor shall issue Precepts for summoning Officers and Constables to attend and return Freeholders for Turv-men.

II. §2. Justices and others shall send to the Clerk of the Crown Eight Days before Sessions all Recognizances, Inquests, or Depositions by them made or taken, on Penalty of Twenty Pounds.

III. §3. Every Justice, or other Officer, or Persons summoned as Jurymen, or other Persons who ought to attend the Court, and shall fail or neglect to appear, or shall depart without Leave of the Court, shall forfeit Five Pounds.

IV. §4. All Persons bound to prosecute shall apply to the Attorney or Solicitor-general, King’s Council, or Clerk of the Crown, Seven Days before Sessions, and give Information, in Order to the drawing Indictments or Informations, on Penalty of Ten Pounds.

V. §5. The Charges of the Court, and the Entertainment of the Court and Jury', not exceeding Fifty Pounds, shall be paid out of the Fines.

VI. §6. The Clerk of the Crown shall, within Three Weeks after the Sessions, return to the Lieutenant-governor, or Court of Exchequer, an Account of all Fines and Efireats at the Sessions, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every NegledL

VII. §7. All Fines and Forfeitures arising by Virtue of this Act, shall be to the repairing the Fortifications, and paid into the Hands of the Treasurer.

No. gg. VIII.

THIS AS! explains the foregoing, tvish Regard to the Persons who fall preside in the said Court, or make a Quorum to proceed on Bn/inc/s.

©Qtievnoih No. 29. Se£l. 2.

THE Governor, Secretary, and Marshal shall be free from all Taxes, either in their real or personal Estates.

No. 102. II. Sc6l. X.

’ ' HIS Clause gives to Governor Mathews 300l. per Annum, additional Salary during his Government.

III. §2.

An Abridgment of the Acts of Mont ferrate 89.

III. §2. The Duties on Liquors and Licences are appropriated to pay the said 300l. per Annum.

IV. §3. If the aforesaid Duties-fall short of

300l. per Annum,

then every Owner of a Wind-mill 1 ’ s‘ *'

shall pay per Annum, - J 2 0 0

a Water-mill,-----1 10 o

a Cattle-mill, - 1 o o

and if no Deficiency, then it shall go to the Repairs of the Fortifications.

V. §4. Cattle-mills near to, and a Help to a Wind or Water-mill, are excused.

VI. §5. If the Dutiesall prove deficient, the Treasurer shall make up the 300l. per Annum out of any Poll Tax, or other Tax in his Hands.

VII. §6. All Money raised by the aforesaid Duties shall be applied to pay the 300l. per Annum, and the Overplus to repair the Fortifications.

VIII. §7- If the Naval Officer shall clear any Vessel without a Certificate from the Treasurer, that the Master has paid the Liquor Duty, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds.

IX. §8. If any Person shall refuse to pay the Duties in 20 Days after due, the Treasurer shall levy the same by his own Warrant.

anti 3£oaD& No. 41.

Sc6l. 6.

UPON the Governor’s Order, the Justices in each Division shall issue their Warrants to the Constables to summon the Inhabitants to fend all the working Negroes in the Windward Division to repair the Highways from Nine-turn Gutt to Battomlcfs Gull, and so to Tarr Rivers and those of the White River Division to repair from Tarr River to Read's Gutt,- the Inhabitants of Middle Division to repair from Nine-turn Gull to the Old Road' River, and Read's Gutt s the Inhabitants of that Part of the Northward Division that lies between the Old Road River and Soldiers Gutt, to repair from the said River to the said Gutt; and the rest of the Inhabitants of the Northward Division to repair from the said Gutt to Carr's Bay, and so to Botlomlcfs Gutt, on Penalty of 20 lb. of Sugar for every Negro neglected to be sent.

II. §7. The Highways in each Division shall, when repaired, be viewed by the Representatives; and where the Work appears to be defective, it shall be amended by those whole Fault it was.

III. §8. No Person shall be distrained on, for Neglect of Negroes who are lick, lame, or run away.

IV. §9. The Treasurer shall keep a true Account of all Forfeitures received, and render an Account thereof upon Oath.

N.B. The foregoing Clatifes for repairing the Highzvays, seem to be all ye-enacted in the

followings hut the foregoing does not appear to be either expired or repealed.

No. 46. V. SeSL 1.

By the A3 No. 116, Se3i 9, appoints an additional Surveyor to be cbo-fen for each Parish. Vide infra.

And by the A3 No. 12 3, the f tijiiccs of the Grand Seffsons may appoint Surveyors in any Place where the Inhabitants have uegle3ed. Vide infra.

'* This Penalty of is. and 6d. is explained by the A3 No. 116, Sess. 1.

HP H E Freeholders of each Parish or Division shall every Easter choose Two Surveyors ior mending the Highways that Year; and if either of them neglect his Duty, or refuse to serve, he shall forfeit Ten Pounds to the Poor of the Parish, or Use of the Church; and if the Freeholders neglect to meet or choose Surveyors, the Judge and Allemblymen shall choose them, and public Notice shall be given in the Church, that all may know who are chosen; and when the Highways are to be repaired, the Surveyors shall give a Week’s Notice in the Church, to fend Negroes to work in their respective Divi-lions, as are prescribed in the Act, on Penalty of Two Shillings and Six Pence for each Day each Negro shall neglect to be sent.-

VI. §2. Possessors of Land shall fence their Land from the Highways on each Side, on Penalty of bearing the Damage done them by Cattle passing such Roads, without any Manner of Recompence.

VII. §3. All cartable Roads shall be 30 Foot wide; and all Highways not then fenced, and in Land esteemed even, shall be that Breadth; and Highways on Sides of Hills not cartable, nor fenced before that Time, shall be 20 Foot wide; but if cartable, 30 Foot between the Fences.

VIII. §4. Highways not of such Breadth, the Surveyors may cauie the Fences to be broken down, to enlarge or turn the fame; and any Personoppofing them shall forfeit fifty Pounds for every 100 Yards prevented to be so opened, and so for every 12 Months the same shall continue so.

IX. §5. Where any Person shall turn a Water-course or Gutter, or suffer it to overflow a Highway, he shall forfeit Five Pounds a Month for each Gutter or Water-course that shall so impair a Highway.

X. §6. Where any Water runneth through any Person’s Land, they shall not cut down any Woods or Buflics, or set Fire to them, within 20 Foot of each Side, unless they plant Trees to shade the Water; And where any Spring rifeth or runneth through any Pasture, the standing Wood or Bullies shall be let fiand 30 Z Foot

This Sc3ion is amended by Se3. 8, in A3 No. x 16.

9°

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

Foot on each Side, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every 50 Foot of Ground cleared, to be collected by the Treasurer, for the Use of the Public*

No. H6. XI. SeSi. i.

EVERY Perron neglecting to fend their Quota of working Negroes, when duly summoned, to work on the Highways, shalt forfeit Two Shillings and Six Pence per Diem for each Negro neglected to be sent.

XII. §2. No Surveyor shall summona Planter to fend more than half his Field Negroes to repair Highways.

XIII. §3. Negroes sent to repair Highways shall be of the best and ablest working Slaves, and carry Houghs or Baskets with them, and other Tools, according to the Proportions mentioned in the Act, and shall continue working till discharged by the Surveyor.

XIV. §4. On Disputes concerning the Number of Slaves to be sent, it shall lie upon the Oath of the Owner; and if he refuse to swear, he shall be assessed according to the Number he flood charged with at the last Levy.

XV. §5. To prevent Encroachments upon Highways, the Surveyors shall be sworn, according to the Form in the Act, and a Certificate thereof lodged in the Secretary’s Office, on Penalty of Ten Pounds on any Surveyor ne~ gledling.

XVI. §6. Surveyors of the Highways shall have Power to act as soon as sworn, the same as if Notice had been given in the Church.

XVII. §7. When Highways want repairing, the Constables, by Virtue of the Surveyor’s Warrant, shall summon the Planters to attend with their Quota of Slaves, and repair the Highways; and Notice left at their House shall be deemed as good as if given in the Church; and the Constable is to have Six Pence from the Treasurer for each Person summoned.

XVIII. §1. The forfeiture of Five Pounds for turning Water-courses, or suffering them to run into the Highways, as by a former Act, shall be recovered before any Justice, by the Oath of the Surveyor, and applied to the Use of the Fortifications.

XIX. §9. An additional Surveyor shall be elected for each Parish or Division, who shall have the fame Power as the other Surveyors, and be liable to the same Penalties: And the Town of Plymouth shall appoint Two Surveyors, who shall also have the fame Power, and be liable to the same Penalties, and may summon the Inhabitants to attend with three Fourths of their Slaves to clean the Streets and Alleys in the fame, under the same Penalties for Neglect as are imposed by Law for neglecting to attend or work on the Highways of the Island.

XX. §10. If a Justice neglect his Duty, he shall forfeit Fifty Pounds; to be recovered in any Court, Half to the Informer, and Half to the Use of the Fortifications.

XXI. §11. Justices or Surveyors sued, may plead the General Issue for any Thing done in putting this Act in Execution, anti recover treble Costs.

No. 123. XXII*

IF any Parish or Division in the Island neglect to appoint Surveyors of the Highways (as is directied in the foregoing Act) the Justices of the Court of Grand Sessions may appoint' them, and the like for the Town of Plymouth* who shall have the fame Power, and be subjedc. to the same Penalties as if they had been appointed by the respective Parishes or Divisions, according to the Directions of the foregoing Acts.

3[mpo®. No. 1, 2, & 3.

AN Act for granting a Duty or Impojl of Four and a Half per Cent, upon all the Growth of the Island exported, to be paid by the Exporter to the Crown, being supposed to be obsolete, by Reason of the Island having been under Subjection to a Foreign Power, was therefore repealed, and a new Act passed in 1668, No. 3, re-granting the same Duty to the Crozvn for ever, with a Penalty upon every Person fjipping Goods (without due Entry thereof made, and paying or securing the Duty) of the Loss of all such Goods, Half to the Crown, and Half to the Informer.

No. 31. II. ScEl. 1.

ALL Ships or other Vessels trading to the Island shall pay an Impost of Powder on Exportation, viz.

Every 1500/A of Tobacco, - ditto

Every Barrel of Indigo, - - jlb.

and so in Proportion for greater or lesser Quantities.

III. §2. And every Master of a Vessel, before he depart the Harbour or Bay, shall give a just Account of all the Sugar, Tobacco, and Indigo that he has received on Board, and shall pay the Duty for the same.

No. 66. IV. SeEl. 1.

JQ> Epeals an Act passed in 1712, for railing an Impost of Powder upon the Tonnage of Shipping.

V. §2. No Veil'd trading to the Island shall pay Powder-money, unless she take on Board some of the Growth of thelfland; but such asdo take on Board any Commodities of the Growth

of

An Abridgment oj the AEls of Montserrat.

of the Island, shall pay rlb. of Piltol Powder for every Ton of Goods, Two Hogsheads, or Two Tierces, or 200olb. of Sugar, or a Barrel of Indigo, shall be deemed a Ton; and for Want of Powder shall pay to the Store-keeper Two Shillings and Six Pence in Money, for each Pound of Powder so wanting; and on Neglect of paying the fame, the Matter of the Vessel shall be committed till it be paid.

VI. §3. The Store-keeper shall keep a fair Book of Accounts of the Tons of Goods exported, and of Powder, and Money received; and he shall once a Year, oroftner, if required, account before the Governor, Council, and Assembly; and if he suspect any Matter of a Vessel has not made a true Report of his Cargo to be exported, he shall apply for a Warrant, and oblige him to swear to his Report; and if a Report is found short, such Matter shall pay gib. of Powder for every Ton short entered.

VII. §4. The Keeper of the Stores shall be annually nominated by the Assembly, and with the Consent of the Lieutenant-governor and Council, recommended to the Captain-general for Confirmation.

VIII. §5. The Store-keeper shall not fell, or take Money or Goods in lieu of Powder, Fire-arms, or other Stores under his Care, unless as aforesaid, without the Consent of the Governor, Council, and Assembly in Writing; and if he do make away any Powder or other Stores in his Charge to the Value of Thirty Shillings, he shall for each Offence sufferj Six Months Imprisonment.

UtligO atSQ §5l£gat\ No. 20.' Se£l. 1.

HIS Clau/e appointed Viewers of Indigo and Sugar, paid between Party and Party, •whose Judgment was to be allowed upon any Dif-putej but this Act not providing a Succession of Viewers, is become out of Use.

II. §2. By this Claitfe no Sugar was to be sold under Fifteen Shillings per Hundred.

No. 66. III.

FOR laying an Impost ofi lb. of PifolPowder, or 2s. 6a. in Money upon every Ton of Goods of the Growth of the Island exported;

IV. §2. Enabts, That every Barrel of Indigo shall be deemed equal to a Ton of Sugar, and shall pay accordingly.

No. 70. V. SeSi. 1.

IF any Person make or dispose of any bad or corrupt Indigo, or mixt with base Stuff, Mud, or Dirt, or too much Lime-water, or overfteeping the Weed, or not bating the Indigo-water, he shall forfeit all his Indigo, to be burnt by the Marshal, and Twenty Pounds for every Offence, upon Complaint to any

Justice of Peace, who shall issue his Warrant to bring the Offencer before him, and on Conviction to issue his Warrant to levy the Penalty, and for Want of Eflects to commit the Offender Six Months to Gaol, or till he pay the Fine.

VI. §2. Whoever shall receive or buy corrupt Indigo, or shall not seize it, when offered, he shall forfeit Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid. Half of the fines to the Public, and the other Half to the Informer.

VII. §3. The Justice, with Two Merchants or Tradesmen, shall judge whether such Indigo be good or not.

IngroQ'er^. No. 3.

NO Person shall ingross any Goods to vend the fame in the Island, before the Island is satisfied; and if he buy any after the Island is satisfied, he shall not fell them again but at the Rates such Goods were formerly fold.

No. 4. II.

IF any Merchant leave Goods with any Person to fell for him, such Person shall not fell them but after the Rate the first Merchant fold them at.

gjttterert of No. io5.

EVERY Merchant or Factor in Great Britain who advances any Money for any Person residing in Montserrat, may recover Interest for the fame at the fame Rate as is allowed by the Laws of Great Britain, in the same Manner as if Bonds had been given for the same.

No. 107. II.

NO Person shall receive for the Loan of any Money or Goods whatever, above the Value of Eight per Cent, and all Bonds or Contrafts made for any greater Interest shall be void.

No. 12. Se<2. 1.

NO Person shall have a Trial for a Debt or Contract by a Jury, unless the fame amount to the full Value of i oooolb. of Sugar or upwards, and that the Defendant in the Action agree to have it tried by a Jury.

II. §2. All Actions under ioooolb. of Sugar shall remain in the Judgment of the Governor, or his Council, or if they please, in the Judgment of a Justice.

III. §3. Every Person craving a Jury when his Action exceeds 1000lb. of Sugar, if the Court hath not so many Jury Actions as will defray the Expence of Secretary and Marshal,

then

92

An Abridgment of the A8ls of Montserrat.

then such Person so requiring and obtaining a Jury, shall satisfy the Secretary and Marshal for their Trouble, with 'Ten per Cent. Profit*

No. 76. IV*

NO Juryman shall be levied on by Virtue of any Writ out of any Court, nor on their Servants or Slaves waiting on them, or on the Horses they ride, on public Days, when summoned on Duty, nor within 24 Hours before or after the Time of Attendance.

3ftt&gC0, No. 121. Sett. 1.

ALL Judges, and other Mini tiers of Law, shall be liable to Arrests and Special Bail, as any other Person.

II. §2. All Writs against Chief Justices shall be signed by the next senior Justice re-iident on the Island.

yLabomevs No. 24. Sett. 1.

'T'HE Justices of Peace in their several Divisions are impowered to order and determine Labourers Wages, if it exceed not 1000lb. of Sugar, and Execution is to proceed thereon.

No. gi. II. Sett. i.

ALL Manner of Debts due to Labourers, not above Six Pounds, may be determined by a Justice of Peace, who may summon the Defendant; and in Case of Non-appearance, or otherwise, and the Plaintiff prove his Debt by his own Oath or Evidence, the Justice shall issue Execution against the Defendant, and for Want of Distress, to commit the Defendant to Gaol till the Debt and Charges be paid:

And the Fees shall be to the Justice for\^‘

a Warrant or Execution, each-----/

Officer for serving it, - o 9

with Three Pence/jcr Mile for travelling, "1 g

and for levying Executions,-----/

And the Justice shall record his Proceedings.

III. §2. Every Justice once a Year shall return a Record of all such Proceedings into the Secretary’s Office, on Penalty of Five Pounds.

Laujsfuits anti JLtmltatiovig. No. go.

Sett. 1.

ALL Writs of Pormcdon sued for Lands then claimed, should be sued in Seven Years after passing the A<fl.

II. §2. Provided the Person were then living in the Government : And that no such Person, or their Heirs, should. maintain any such Writ thereafter, unless the fame be sued within Seven Years after Cause of Action: And no Person who has any Title of Entry into any Lands, shall enter into the fame, unless within Seven Years next after such Title of Entry accrued.

III. §3. Proviso in Favour of Persons under Disability, who may sue within Seven Years after such Disability is removed.

IV. §4. All Actions of Account, and upon the Cafe (except such as concern Trade and Merchandize, or for Slander, Actions forTrespasses. Detinue, and Replevin lor Goods) shall be prosecuted within Four Years after the Cause of Action: And all Actions of Trespass of Assault, Battery, Wounding, or Imprisonment, in Three Years after the Cause of Action: All Actions upon the Cafe for Words, within Two Years after the Words spoken, and not after: But this Clatife Jeems deficient, in not prefer ibing any Time for prosecuting AS ions of Debt upon lending or Contrast withoni Specialty, or for Arrears of Rent, although these Actions are named in the Preamble of the Clause.

V. §5. If in any' of the said Actions the Suit be reversedby Error, or in Arrest of Judgment, the Judgment be given against the Plaintiff) or the Defendant be outlawed, and that reversed; in all such Cases the Plaintiff may commence new Actions from Time to Time, within a Year after such Judgment or Outlawry be reversed.

VI. §6. In Actions of Trespass wherein the Defendant disclaims, or Issue found for the Defendant, or Plaintiff nonsuited, he shall be barred from the Action, and all other Suits for the same.

VII. §7. In Action upon the Cafe for Slander, if the Jury assess under Forty Shillings Damage, the Plaintiff shall recover no more Costs than the Damage assessed shall amount to.

VIII. §8. Persons underDisability to sue any of the foregoing Actions may sue within the same limited Time after their Disability is removed, as they might at the Time of Action accrued, if they had been free from such Dif-abilit)'.

Htqwot# anu No. 13.

Sett. 1.

A/TERCH ANTS importing Liquors shall not retail the fame in left Quantities thani Three Gallons, on Penalty of i oooolb. of Sugar, except such as keep public Houses.

II. §2. Persons keeping public Houses shall not fell their Liquors at any higher Rates than are prescribed in this Act, on Penalty of i oooolb. of Sugar.

III. §3. If any Keeper of a Public Housere-i. fuse lo fell his Liquors at the Prices prescribed in the Act, he shall forfeit i oooolb. of Sugar, and lofehis Licence.

No. 19. $ n

93

An Abridgment of the AEls of Montserrat.

No. 19. IV. SAL 1.

r'T~' HIS Clause ftis for lb, that the Inhabitants of the Island bad imported or bought Liquors from on Board Vessels without paying the Im-po/l Duties for the same, as other Importers were obliged to pay by a former Act, which by this Clause is intended to be prevented, but the recited for nr Act not being extant, the Duly itself docs ndatfar.

V. §2. No Person shall retail Liquors without the Governor’s Licence, on Penalty of 1000lb. of Sugar, and all the Liquors found in his Custody, or proved to have been in his Possession : Provided Rum-makers, not keeping Tippling Houses, shall be free of this Penalty.

No. 33. VI. SeEl. 2.

ALL Persons keeping Houses of Enter-rainment in either oi the Towns, or within half a Mile of either of them, shall pay every Year, ton aids repairing the Forts 2000lb. of Sugar; and all others following the fame Employment, iioalb. of Sugar.

No. 34. VII. SM. 1.

NO Person shall have a Licence to retail llrorig Liquors without taking the State Oaths, and a Certificate from Two Councillors of their Qualification, and of having given Security in the Secretary’s Office of 5000lb. of Sugar, for keeping £in orderly House according to the Laws of England, and of that Island; and every Person felling Liquors without Licence, shall forfeit 10,000lb. of Sugar for each Offence, and if not able to pay, Imprisonment for Six Months; and all Licences flia 11 determine on Chrijhnas Day, yearly; but such Retailers as live in the Limits of While River Division areexcufed from taking the Oaths.

Vill. §2. If any such licensed Person shall suffer Persons to tipp'e in their Houses during the Time of Divine Service, he shall forfeit 20olb. of Sugar for each Offence, and each Person tippling 50/^. to be levied by a Justice's Warrant.

IX. §3. If any licensed Person suffer Gaming in their Houses, they shall be fined at the Discretion of the Court, not above 2000!b. of Sugar: This shall not hinder the Makers of Rum from felling the fame unmixt.

X. §4. No Person selling strong Liquors by Retail shall take above the following Prices;

s. d.

JLngliJJo or Irish Beer per Quart, - o 7I

15randy per Quart, - 2 6

Madeira Wine,-----• 1 6

and so in Proportion for greater or lefier Quantities, on Penalty of 400/A of Sugar,tobe levied by a Justice’s Warrant, Half to the Poor, and Half to the Informer.

XI. §5. Penalties not mentioned how to be

disposed of, shall be Plalf to the Government, and Plalf to the Informer.

XII. §6. All Persons for Licences to retail Liquors shall pay within the Towns of Plymouth or Kingsale, yearly, 3000lb. of Sugar, and in all other Parts of the Island 1500lb. of Sugar, towards Support of the Government.

Hoitr’fS No. 1.

NO Person shall violate the Duties of the Sabbath, by Gaming, Drinking, or Week-day Labour, or by Crabbing, Shooting, or any such indecent Practices, on Penalty ofioooo lb. of Tobacco: Provided, that Acts of Necessity shall be at the Censure of the Governor and Council.

No. 9. II.

IF any Slave go out of his Master’s Plantation upon the Lord’s Day without his Maf-ter’sjLicence, he maybe whipt, and sent Home again.

No. 10, in the fame Page is much to the fame Purpose.

No. 36. III. Sea. 3.

IF any Owner of a Plantation suffer his Negroes to wander abroad on a Sunday without a Ticket, he shall forfeit 300lb. of Sugar, and his Slave shall be whipt.

No. 112. IV. Sea. 2.

IF any Slave shall keep Market, and fell Provisions, or ocher Goods on a Sunday, any Person may take such Goods from a Slave for their own Use, and may whip the Slave.

V. §3. If any Person shall buy or receive Provisions, or other Goods from a Slave, or shall fell a Slave any Liquors, or other Goods on a Sunday, he shall forfeit Five Pounds.

VI. §4. No Person shall permit his Slave to go to a Town on a Sunday without a Ticket, unless to wait on his Person: And Constables shall examine Slaves for Tickets on Sundays, and if they find none, then to whip them.

No. 29. Sea. 1.

'THE Children born of Parents who had been married (before the Publication of this Act) by Justices of the Peace, are deemed legitimate, and shall enjoy all the Privileges as any other Children lawfully begotten.

No. 120. II.

NO Person whatsoever shall join together any Couple in Wedlock before they are called Three Sundays in the Church, or haye a A a Licence

94

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

Licence out of the Secretary’s Office, on Penalty of Four Hundred Pounds, Half to the Informer, and Half to the Repairs of the Churches.

No. 7.

'THE Marshal shall attend the Governor once in 24 Hours, and repair to the Office to know what Order is for him, and to summon Persons to Actions Three Days before each Court; and to fuuimon Councils; and shall use Prisoners in his Charge honestly; and shall conduct Persons coming on Shore to the Governor, ifc.

No. 29. II. Sect. 2.

'THE Governor, Secretary, and Marshal, shall be free from all Taxes, either in their real or personal Effiues.

Rafters q£ No. 6.

All Mad ers of Vessels that come to anchor, shall in 24 Hours enter into Bond in the Secretary’s Office, not to transport any Person off the llland without the Governor’s Licence.

No. 35. II. SeSl. 1.

NO Person shall presume to go aboard any Vessel entering Harbour till the Marshal has brought the Matter to the Governor, or within 48 Hours after the Master has made such Appearance, on Penalty of 500lb. of Sugar;and in Case of Disability, to be imprisoned Six Months, or till he pay the Fine, which shall be tried and heard by a Justice of Peace, on Summons, who also may fine any Person accused 100lb. of Sugar for Contempt, if they do not appear on Summons.

III. §2. If any Master, Merchant, Factor, or other Person, treat or obtain a Promise for Goods of Ten Shillings Value or Freight, before the Master has been wich the Governor, such Offender shall forfeit 10,000//'. of Sugar, to be recovered in a Court of Record.

Militia, No. 38. Se£l. 1.

EVERY Person, from Fifteen to Sixty Years of Age, shall be inlisted under the Captain of the Place of their Abode, in Foot or Horse., in Six Weeks, on Penalty of 300lb. of Sugar for every Six Weeks they remain unlisted; And every Foot Soldier shall appear at Time and Place appointed, accoutred as in the Act is appointed, on Penalty of 50lb. of Sugar for not appearing, and of 25//. of Sugar for a Deficiency in Accoutrements; and a Trooper the fame: And all such Soldiers shall keep in Store at their Places of Abode Accoutrements, with Powder and Ball (as mentioned in the Act') and bring them into the Field when commanded, on Penalty of 50lb. of Sugar.

II. §2. No Person shall suffer for Want of Arms, until he is informed where such Arms are to be bought; but alter Rich Information they shall supply themselves in Ten Days, or suffer the Penalties mentioned in the foregoing Clause for Deficiencies.

III. §3. No Person lifted shall depart without a Discharge from his Commander, on Penalty of 300//. of Sugar; which Discharge shall not be refusedupon removing to another Division, on Penalty of 600//. of Sugar.

IV. §4. The Captains every Three Months shall search their several Divisions, to lee if all be lifted, armed, and equipt; and every Six Months return Defaulters to the Governor.

V. §5. If a Captain be negligent, the Court Martial shall fine him Ten Pounds Sterling.

VI. §6. If a Covenant Servant incur the Penalties appointed by this Act, his Master shall pay it, unless it be the Servant’s Fault, and then he shall be whipt.

VII. §7. Negligent Officers shall be liable to Penalties at the Discretion of a Court Martial.

VIII. §8. Every Person appointed a Military Officer, and refuiing to act, or quiting the Service, shall forfeit

if a Lieutenant-colonel, 10,0003

a Major,-----8000

a Captain, •———-----6000

a Lieutenant, - 4000

an Ensign,-----=----- 3000

and a Serjeant,-----2000.

IN. §9. There shall be but one Troop of 50 Horse, besides the Officers; and only those who have the belt Horses, and well accoutred, shall be filled in it; and all others shall be in-lifted in the Foot of the Division where they re-fide.

X. § to All Vacancies that happen in the Troop, the Captain shall lift more in.

XL §11. Pefons neglecting or refusing Guard, when appointed by a superior Officer, shall forfeit for the first Offence 50//. of Sugar, for the second, 100lb. of Sugar, for the third Offence, as shall be adjudged by a Court-martial.

XII. §12. The Captain of the Troop shall every Night in Time of War, and once in Three Months in Time of Peace, appoint Rounds to be rid by the Troopers, Two at leaf! to a Round, to examine each Guard, and if they find any Person negligent, they shall inform their superior Officer; and if a Trooper neglect to ride, or to inform of Defaulters, he shall forfeit for the first Offence 100lb. of Sugar, and for every other Offence afterwards 200//.

XIII. §13. Any Person allowed to fend a Deputy to ride the Rounds or Guard in his Place.

XIV. §14. In Time of War Handing Guards shall be kept at Branjby s Bay, the Old Road, and Carl Bay, to consist of Four Men at Least at each Place, to be paid by the Public; and the chief Military Officer in each Division is impowered to hire Men for that Service.

XV. §15. Fines mentioned in this Act, and

not

'>li. of Sugar.

An Abridgment of the Acts oj Montserrat.

95

not appropriated, shall be, all Rich as relate to any Person under the Degree of a Captain, shall be paid to the Captains, towards defraying the Charges of the Troop or Company, and be levied by the Captain’s Warrant before next ExercisfngDay; and where no Distress is found, the Offenders shall ride the Wooden ITorfe, or be tied Neck and Heels, not above an Hour, at the Captain’s Discretion; and all other Penalties shall go to the Use of the-Public, for Support of the Government.

XVI. §16. Every Captain of a Company or Troop shall keep a just Account of all Forfeitures he receives; and when he has received to the Value of 2000®. of Sugar, he shall fur-nifli his Company with new Colours and Drums, leading Staff, and Halberts, and the Captain of the Troop with new Trumpets, and Standard, on Penalty of loooolb. of Sugar for every Six Months Neglect; and all Forfeitures above the 200olb. shall be to defray other Charges of the Company.

XVII. §17. Once every Month, if the Governor give Order, each Company, and the Troop, shall meet to be muflered and exercised.

XVIII. §18. When the Officers and Soldiers are under Arms they shall keep all the Articles of War, and be obedient to their Officers; which Articles of War the Governor, with a Council of War, are impowered to efta-. blish; and the Lieutenant-governor shall give Copies of them to all the Captains, to be read to their Companies : And if any Officer or Soldier shall endeavour, when out of Duty, to take Revenge for what was done on Duty, he shall be punished at the Discretion of the Court-martial.

XIX. §19. Once in each Year, if required, each Captain shall give the Governor a Muf-ter-roll of his Company: And if any Person be wounded or disabled in the Service, he shall be cured and maintained by the public Treasury: And if any Person be sued for putting this Act in Execution, he may plead the General Issue, and give the Act in Evidence, and recover Colls and treble Damages.

XX. §20. No Person shall fuller Penalties for not being lifted, until he be warned by l'ome Officer of the Division where he resides : And none of the Council or Assembly, or Officers of the Revenue, Secretary or Marshal of the Island, or any of the Clergy, shall incur the Penalties in this Act, unless they be Commissioned Officers.

XXI. §21. Alarms shall be made by Two great Guns from a Fort, and within Land, by blowing up a Trunkshell, which every Hous-holder is obliged to have in his House, and cause it to be blown up on hearing of an Alarm, on Penalty of 100It. of Sugar for every Month, he shall be without one, and the fame for not blowing it lip.

XXII. §22. No Person shall be levied on for more than 2000lb. of Sugar at one Time.-

And no Person shall firefmall ArmsafterEight of the Clock at Night, except on Alarms, or in Service, on Penalty of iolb. of Sugar: And no Master of a Ship shall fire Guns after Eight of the Clock, on Penalty of 3C0/A of Sugar: But this shall not extend to Captains of Ships of War, for firing Watch Guns.

£Kf)im'fteV£. No. 6. Sett. 1.

ORDAINS, That an able Minister should be procured for the Itland, according to the Canons of the Church of England, and the Laws of the Realm.

II. §2. And for his Maintenance he was to have 14,000/L of Sugar, or the Value thereof in Tobacco, Cotton-wool, or Indigo, raised upon the Inhabitants yearly by Way of Levy, payable to the Treasurer, and by him to the Minister; provided such Minister should not deny to baptize Infants brought to him at Church without Fee, and the fame for Churching of Women; and should not demand above 100lb. of Sugar for marrying any Couple; and bury any of the Inhabitants also without Fee, but might agree with any Person for a Fee for preaching a Funeral Sermon.

fiDppro&riou# iLangwage, No. n.

Sect. 1.

TF any Person, Inhabitant or Stranger, shall, by Writing or Words, abuseany Gentleman of the Council, he shall forfeit 5000/A of Sugar to the Public; and if he shall abuse an Aflein-blyman, or public Officer, or Inhabitant of the Island, he shall forfeit 50olb. of Sugar; and if the Offender is not able to pay, he shall suffer Corporal Punishment, at the Discretion of the Governor in Council; Conviction shall be before the Governor, or Two of the Council, or One Justice of the Peace, by the Oath of One or Two credible Witnesses.

II. §2. Sets forth several odious Diflindlions used by English, Scotch, and Irish, refletfling on each other, and therefore ordains. That if any such or the like Reflcdlions are used in the Island by any Person, Stranger or Foreigner, the Offenders shall be prosecuted as Breakers of the public Peace, and shall abide such Fines or Punishments as shall beimposedon them by the Governor and Council; and if any Murders, Riots, or unlawful Assemblies should arifeupon such Words, the Offender Iltall suffer as a Mutineer and Diflurberof the public Peace, and shall be proceeded against in such Manner as usually Mutineersareby Lawproceeded against.

iPaViR) CJjttrcfc- No. 105. Sett. 1.

A Sexton to be chosen to clean the Church every Week, and keep the Doors and

Window

9^ .-in Al'-'id^ment of the Acts of Montserrat.

\A nil.'...-. s flu.:, iL-r v. bieli he shall have Tv, elve >_l per .in!.: m Salary.

II. §2. If any Negro take awayor pull down any Stones of the Inclosure of the Church, and old Church Yard, he shall have 39 Lashes; and if any Cattle are taken within the Inclosureor old Church Yard, the Owner shall pay Three Shillings per Head, and the Treasurer shall detain Aich Cattle nil paid.

III. §3. No Corpse shall be interred within the Walls of the Church, or the Inclosure thereof, on Penalty of One Hundred Pounds, and Fifty Pounds Penalty on the Parlbn, or others, that buries them.

3£&gttcians anti &>urg;eottg. No. 25.

Sect. 1.

IF any Person using the Practice of Physic or Surgery shall refule to take in Hand (and under God cure) any of the Inhabitants, or Others, of the Country Difccfc, or Ta-jns, the Pc r-(on tendering for the Cure 30 olb. of Sugar, the Person refusing shall forfeit 1 oooo/A of Sugar.

Upl‘oiifSon.5, No. 15. SeEi. 1.

ALL Matters shall plant one Acre of Provisions for every two working Persons in his Family, and to keep such Ground in Order, for which Viewers were then appointed to put the Atl in Force.

II. §2. Every Matter for each Six working Slaves shall plant one Acre of Yams; and for every Four such Slaves, one Acre of Corn, on Penalty of $o/<5. of Sugar.

HI. §3. TheViewers or Ovevfeers who were appointed to put the Act in Force, if negligent were to forfeit 500lb. of Sugar.

SEum. No. 25. SeEi. 2.

EVERY Person keeping a Rum-work, and not having Three Coppers to convert his Canes into Sugar, shall pay 1000lb. of Sugar per Annum to the Public, so long as he shall not make his Canes into Sugar.

II. §3. The Commander in Chief of each Division in the Island shall return a List yearly of all the Rum-works in his Division.

teamen ot* No. 48.

SeSi. 6.

IF any Person keeping a House of Entertainment, Tavern, or Punch House and reside in a Cottage, shall trust any Seaman or Sailor for Vi6tuals or Liquors above one Piece of Eight in one Voyage, he shall lofeit; and no Magistrate shall take Cognizance of any Plea in such Cases for any Sum exceeding one Piece of Eight.

No. 85. II. Sect. 1.

SEAMEN found on Shore after Eight o'clock at Night without a Certificate of Leave from their Masters, and lint giving a good Account thereof, shall by a Constable or Officer be conveyed to Gaol, and next Morning to a Justice, before be be released; and whoever shall entcrtainSeamen after that.Hour, and not licensed thereunto, shall forfeit I-'city Shillings.

III. §2. No Master ofa Vessel shall be liable to pay any Seaman's Debt above Six Shillings to any Tavern or Tippling House: And all Persons trusting Sailors for Liquors shall not recover it in any Court.

ecretarg. No. 10. SeEi.1.

THE Secretary’s Fees shall be the same as in the Table prefixed to this Act.

II. §2. Tables of all 1-ces shall be fairly wrote, and fer up in public View in the Secretary’s Office; and the Secretary or Marshal may trust any Person’s Fees : Provided this Act shall not prejudice insolvent Debtors.

No. 15. II. SeEl. 4.

ALL Writings made in the Island by the Inhabitants, except only Bills, Obligations, and Acquittances, shall be made in the Secretary’s Office by him, or by his Allowance, or else shall be of noEffeft; and whoever else shall presume to draw Writings, shall be fined at the Governor’s Discretion.

No. 2g. III. SeEi. 2.

THE Governor, Secretary, and Marshal, shall be exempted from all Taxes upon their personal or real Estates.

f&edmnts ant» %>lat>es(. No. 17. Sea. 1.

ALL Owners or Overseers of Slaves that shall have any flrangc Negro come into his Plantation, on any Pretence, and shall loiter after Notice to depart, shall punish such Negro, and fend him Home to his Master; and all Slaves concealing or harbouring such loitering Slaves, shall be forthwith had before a Justice, and there receive 40 Lashes.- And all Owners or Overseers neglecting their Duty, shall forfeit yoolt. of Sugar.

II. §2. If-a Freeman shall combine with a Slave to run away, in or upon, or from the Island, he shall forfeit loooolb. of Sugar, or serve Twelve Months; and if a Christian Servant be guilty of the fame, he shall serve double the Time he had to serve; and runaway

Servants

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

97

Servants shall for every Day’s Absence serve a Week, for every Week a Month, and for every Month-.a Year, or suffer such Punishment as shall be directed by a Justice of Peace.

No. g. III. SeB. 1.

IF any Negro go out of his Master’s Plantation without Licence, on the Lord’s Day, or other Day of Liberty, or be found at any other House in the Night, he shall be sent to the Marshal’s; or if it be in the Day-time, whipt by Order of the Matter where he is taken, and so sent Home again.

IV. §2. If any shall receive or entertain runaway Slaves, or abet, relieve, or support them, they shall have 60 Lashes.

No. 10. V.

YF any Negro or Slave be found Arraying from their Matter’s Plantation, especially on the Lord’s Day, without Licence, then any Matter, Overseer, or other Person may apprehend them, and convey them to the Marshal’s, or their Matter’s; and all Matters of Slaves who shall find, other Slaves frequent their Plantations without Licence, they shall correct them, and convey them as aforesaid.

No. 3o. VI.

IF any Matter or Overseer of a Plantation find any strange Negro loitering about, though on Pretence of lawful Occasion, after Notice given to repair to their Owners or Overseers, then the Matter or Overseer where they are found shall punish them, and fend them to their Owners or Overseers; and if any Slave conceal or harbour a runaway Slave, he shall be had before a Justice, and there receive 40 Lashes; and all Owners or Overseers neglecting, shall forfeit 500lb, of Sugar.

No. 33. VII. SeB. 1.

CATTLE stolen by Slaves shall be paid for by the Owner of the Slave*who Hole them {as in the A Si'), and the Slave offending shall be publicly whipt.

No. S6. VIII. SeB. 1.

IF any Negro shall be taken Healing Stock, Cattle, or Provisions to the Value of Twelve Pence, and convicted before the Governor and Council, he shall suffer Death, and if under Twelve Pence Value, then only Whipping, and his Ears cut off for the first Offence, but second Offence, Death; and the Owner shall be paid for his Slave put to Death 3500/A of Sugar by the Public: Bui by the Act No. 62, passed in

1714, the Owner of every Slave executed for Felony, J/oall be paid the Value by Appraisanent.

IX. §2. It shall be lawful for any Person to kill a Negro found digging or Healing his Provisions, if above 40 Foot from a common Path, and not done in Hatred or Malice to the Slave's Owner.

X. ' §3. If Owners or Overseers of Negroes allow them to depart their Plantations on Sundays without a Ticket, they shall forfeit 300/A of Sugar, and the Slave be whipt by the Owner of the Plantation where he is found; and every Owner of a Plantation who shall neglect to punish a Slave found in his Plantation without a Ticket, shall forfeit 300lb. of Sugar.

XI. §4. Once a Month all Matters and Overseers shall search their Negro Houses for, and seize all Weapons and stolen Goods found therein, and if of Value, publish the Description of such Goods, that the Owners may hear of, and demand them; and if any Flefli is found, and the Negro cannot make it appear that he came honestly by it, he shall be whipt, and have one Ear cut off.

XII. §5. Where more than one Slave is' concerned in any Capital Crime, one only shall suffer Death who appears to be the greatest Criminal.

XIII. §6. All Commission Officers, on Notice of Negroes got together, shall raise Men to pursue, take, or kill them, on Penalty of 2000lb, of Sugar.

XIV. §7. All Matters and Overseers of Plantations shall keep for every Eight Negroes one Acre of Provisions, well planted, on Penalty of 1000 lb. of Sugar for every Six Months Deficiency.

XV. §8. Every Owner who shall have a Slave maimed or killed by another Man’sSlave, shall have his Choice, whether the Negro who committed the first Offence shall be whipt, or for the latter Offence shall suffer Death, or whether he will have such Satisfaction of the Owner of the offending Slave, as the Governor and Council shall adjudge sufficient.

XVI. §9. If any Person shall attempt to steal or carry off the Island any Negro, he shall forfeit 5000//'. of Sugar, or suffer Six Months 1m-prisonment; and if they do really steal such Slave, then they shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XVII. §10. Where any White shall take a Slave alive, he shall be paid 500lb. of Sugar by the Owner; if dead, the fame by the Public; and if a Slave take a Runaway, he shall have 3001b. of Sugar paid by the Owner or Public.

XVIII. §11. Persons losing Cattle may go into any Plantation, taking the Matter or Overseer to search Negro Houses, or other Houses, and if Need be, break them open; and if any Matter or Overseer obstruct them therein, he shall pay the Party who suffered the Loss double the Value.

XIX. §12. Penalties in this Act not declared B b how

98

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

how to be disposed of, shall be Half to the Public, and Half to the Informer, to be recovered in a Court of Record.

XX. §13. Every Slave absenting himself Three Months from their Matter's Service, shall when taken futter Death, and the Owner be paid 3300/A of Sugar out of the public Stock; but this Clause is suppefed to be altered to an appraised Value also> Ly the Act No. 62, puffed in 1714.

No. 37. XXI. SdI. 1.

EVERY Person importing a Brit iff) Man-servant to lerve Four Years, shall, if delivered to the Marfliai, or Person appointed to receive them, be paid by the Public 2500#. of Sugar.

XXII. §2. Every Vessel importing 20 white Male-fervancs, 11m11 be free from Port Charges.

XXIII. §3. The Governor, with two of the Council, and two of the Assembly, may place white Servants so imported to any Plantation where they fee meet, for the necessary Defence of the fame; and the Masters or Overseers of such Planiations shall be obliged to receivethem, and pay the 2500lb. of Sugar, as aforesaid.

XXIV. §4. Debts contracted for Servants imported and fold in the Island, maybe recovered by a Justice’s Warrant of Distress to levy on the Debtor's Goods.

XXV. §5. In such Plantations as are managed by Attornies or Overseers, if such Attornies or Overseers refuse to pay for Servants sent or placed on them, then the Value shall be levied on the Effects belonging to the Plantation in Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. §6. No Cooper, Smiths, Taylors, &c. shall use Slaves in the said Trades, on Penalty of 400olb. of Sugar; but not to hinder Matters of Sugar-works from making their own Calk.

XXVII. §7. Persons impowered to sell and dispose of Servants, may advance on the Price of 2500/A of Sugar aforesaid for the best Servants, according to their Judgment, or mitigate the Price on mean Servants.

XXVIII. §8. Every Person trading with v hiie Servants or Slaves without their Matter’s Licence, shall forfeit treble Value so traded for, and also 1300lb. of Sugar, to be recovered by the Matter; and in Case of Non-ability, the Offender shall suffer Corporal Punishment, at the Justice’s Discretion; and all Contracts made with Servants or Slaves shall be void.

No. 41. XXIX. ScEl. 1.

EVERY Twentieth working Slave in the Island shall, upon Order of the Governor, be sent by their Matters with T ools to King [ale Fort, to repair the fame, and continue till the Work is fmiflied, on Penalty of 20lb. of Sugar for each Slave, on each Day’s Neglect.

XXX. §2. Working Slaves, as above, and on the fame Penalty, shall be sent to repair the Trenches, in their respective Divisions, as pre-fenbed in the Act.

XXXI. §4. The Reprefematives in each Division shall join Families, who have not 20 working Slaves, in Order to furnish a due Proportion in Turn.

No. 48. XXXII. Sea. 4.

IF any Person, having no visible Way of Livelihood, shall buy or receive any Goods, or have any Trade with any Slave without the Consent of his Owner, and be convicted thereof before a Judge, he shall fulFer Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, or pay a^ Fine, not above Twenty Pounds, as such Judge shall appoint, to be levied or executed by the Judge’s Warrant.

XXXIII. §5. Any Judge may dircift aWar-rant to search suspected Houses for Goods, and the Proof of the Property shall lie on the Claimer, or Person in whole Custody they are found, and for Want of due Proof they shall be returned to the right Owner, if known, or else to be forfeited to the Public, and the Offender shall be fined, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or suffer Corporal Punishment, as aforesaid.

No. 62. XXXIV. Sea. 1.

REPEALS a Clause in the former Afif, •which valued all Slaves at 3300lb. of Sugar s and this Act directs. That all such Slaves shall be paid for by the Treasurer according to Appraisement of the Governor and Council.

No. 75. XXXV. Sea. 1.

NO Person shall delude away any other Person’s Servant or Slave run away, or employ such Servant or Slave so run away, or absent from his Matter, on Penalty of Twenty Shillings per Diem for every Day so entertained, to'be recovered by the Owner of the Servant or Slave by Action of the Cafe, or Detinue.

XXXVI. §2. Upon Judgment obtained, a Fieri facias shall be executed by the Marshal upon the Offender’s Effects; but this Act is not to affect Executors, Administrators, or Guardians, nor any Person’s detaining Servants or Slaves by legal Writs of Replevin.

No. 85. XXXVII. Scd. 3.

IF any Person living in or between the Towns of Plymouth and Kinrfale, shall fell any Rum. or Itrong Liquors to any Negro or Slave for their Use, he or flie, on Conviction before a Justice, shall forfeit Forty Shillings; and if any white Person shall buy Rum for a Negro, he or

99

An Abridgment ojthe AEls of Montserrat.

she shall forfeit Twenty Shillings, or have'io Ladies on his or her bare Back.

No. 89. XXXVIII.

ALL Actions brought upon Titles to Slaves, shall be tried upon Actions of Trover or Detinue, and not upon Replevin.

No. 112. XXXIX. SeS. 1.

T F any Owner of Slaves shall permit them to plant or gather Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa, for the Slaves Use, such Owner shall forfeit Ten Pounds; and if any Free Man shall fell such Goods suspected to a Slave, such free Person may be brought before a Justice, and obliged to swear whether the Goods do belong to a Slave; and if he refuse to swear, he shall forfeit such Goods for the Use of the Informer; and if any Person shall buy or receive any such Goods from a Slave, he shall be bound to the Sessions, and there fined, not above Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, or lie Two Months in Gaol, or be publicly whipt; the Fines to be to the Use of the Fortifications.

XL. §2. If any Slave shall keep Market in the Toii’n of Plymouth or Kingsale, or in any other Place in the Island, and fell Provisions, or other Goods on a Sunday, any Person may take such Goods from a Slave for their own Use, and whip the Slave.

XLI. §3. If any Person shall buy or receive Provisions, or other Goods, from a Slave, or fell a Slave any Liquors, or other Goods, on a Sunday, he shall forfeit Five Pounds.

XLII. §4. No Person shall permit Slaves, unless to wait on their Persons, to go to either of the Towns on a Sunday without a Ticket: And the Confhibles in the said Towns shall examine Slaves coming there on Sundays for their Tickets, and if they have none, to whip them, not above 39 Ladies, and to be paid Six Shillings for it by the Treasurer; and if a Constable neglect his Duty, he shall forfeit Forty Shillings.

XLIII. §5. If any Owner or Manager of a Plantation, being at Home, suffer his Slaves to beat Drums, blow Horns, or other loud Instruments for Entertainment in their Plantations, they shall forfeit Twenty Pounds for each Offence, unless suppressed in less than an Hour after it begins, provided Information be given to a Justice in Three Weeks.

XLIV. §6. On Complaint to a Justice of any Crime done by a Slave, he shall issue his Warrant for the Offender, and for Evidences, and if found not Capital, he shall order the Slave Corredf ion at his Discretion, but if very heinous, he shall commit the Offender to Prison, to be tried by the Council.

XLV. §7. All Fines in this Act specified shall be recovered by a Justice’s Warrant, if not above Six Pounds, and by Tiyo Justices, if above Six Pounds; to be executed by a Constable, who shall be allowed Fees at the Justice’s Discretion; all such Fines shall be Half to the Informer, and Half to the Use of the Fortifications.

No. 116. XLVI. Sett. 1.

EVERY Person, upon Notice given in the Church for repairing the Highway, who shall negle<51 to fend their Negroes to work thereon, shall forfeit Two Shillings and Six Pence for each working Slave per Diem.

XLVII. §2. No Person shall be obliged to fend more than one Moiety of his working Field Negroes to repair Highways.

XLVIII. §3. Negroes shall be sent with a proportionable Number of Houghs, Baskets, Axes, £s?r. as prescribed in the Act; and all Slaves shall continue de die in diem, till discharged by the Surveyors.

XLIX. §4. Disputes as to any Owner’s Number of Slaves, shall be decided by his own or Overseer’s Oath.

No. 31. Sell. 1.

CHIPS and Vessels trading to the Island,

pay an Import of Gunpowder;

for a Ton of Sugar exported, ilb. of Powder,

l<;oo/£. of Tobacco,-----1 lb. of Ditto.

a Barrel of Indigo, - of D 'ilo.

II. §2. Every Master of a Ship shall give a true Account before he depart the Harbour.

No. 35. II. Sell. 1.

IF any Person go on Board a Ship or Vessel before the Master has made h Appearance to the Governor, or within 48 Hours after, he shall forfeit yoolb. of Sugar, or fuller Six Months Imprisonment.

No. 37. III. SeEl. 2.

EVERY Ship or Vessel importing 20 white Servants, shall be free of Port Charges.

No. 66. IV. ScEl. 2.

NO Vessel shall pay Pon der, unless she take in fbme of the Growth of the Island; but if she do take any such in, then she shall pay 1 lb. of Pistol Powder for every Ton of Goods; and for Sugar, Two Hogsheads, Two Tierces, or loooolb. Weight, is declared a Ton; a Barrel of Indigo is equal to aTon; and forWant of Powder, shall pay Two Shillings and Six Pence per lb. and for Neglect of Payment, the Master shall be committed.

C&atc&etj ^ottfesk No. 48. SeEl. 1.

NO Thatched House shall be allowed to abide in the Town of Plymouth, or Limits

thereof;

lO'O

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

thereof; and if any be found, the Lieutenant-governor, or President, nnay issue his Warrant to the Provoit-marihal and Constables to def-troy such I-Ioule, Cottage, or Cabbin

II. §2. The Limits of "the Town shall be cftcemed one Furlong on all Sides from the Fort.

III. §3. Every Person who shall set up a Thatched House within the said Limits, shall forfeit looooll. of Sugar, together with the Land whereon such House shall stand.

IV. §6. If any Person keeping a House of Entertainment, that shall relide in a Cottage, shall trufl Seamen for Liquors or Victuals above one Piece of Eight in one Voyage, he shall lose his Debt; and no Magistrate shall take Cognizance of any Plea in such Cases above one Piece of Eight.

No. 65. V. SeB, 1.

LL Thatched Houses in the Town of Plymouth, at the making this Act, were to be unthatched in Six Months; and there never was to be any more Thatched Houses in that Town.

VI. §2. And if any Thatched Houses shall remain or be built, after that Time, the Marshal shall unthatch the fame; and if any one shall hinder him in his Duty, such Offender shall be fined Ten Pounds, to the Use of the Ivlarshal; to be tried before the Governor, President, or a-Justice of the Peace.

VII. §3. If the Marshal be an Offender, or neglect his Duty prescribed him by this Act, the Coroner shall put this Act in Force, and receive the Profits accruing thereby.

CotacCO. No. 14. SeB. 1.

\LL Tobacco paid for Debts or Goods shall be paid in Leaf, unless the Receiver agree to take it otherwise, on Penalty of Forfeiture of all such Tobacco aslhall be made up in Roll, to be tendered in Payment.

II. §2. Viewers of Tobacco were appointed in this Act by Name;

III. §3 Receivers of Tobacco complaining without just Occasion, shall pay the Charge of Viewing; but if the Tobacco be found insufficient, it shall be burnt, and the Payer be at all the Expence.

IV. §4. Viewers refusing to do their Duty were to forfeit 200/I. of Sugar.

t£fatlC. No. 16. SeB. 1.

THE Trade of the Island shall be carried on only at the Three Towns of Brijket’s Bay, Kingsalc, and Plymouth.

II. §2. Importers of Goods felling the fame at any other Place, shall forfeit all the Goods they import, and 2000lb. of Sugar.

No. 2. III.

ALL Merchants to have free Liberty to trade (reserving to the Governor 24Hours with the Inhabitants) and to shew their Goods to the Talkers, with their Weights and Measures: And the Tobacco paid to the Merchants shall be in Roll or Ball, if they please, and can agree.

No. 3. IV.

O Merchant or Factor resident in the Island shall ingross any Commodity, or foreflall any Goods, until the Island is satisfied, ' and what he does buy afterwards he shall not sell the same again, but at the Rate the Remainder of the Goods, or such like, were formerly sold at.

No. 4. V.

"ERCHANTS Goods left in a Fadlor’s Hands shall not be sold at a higher Price than what the first Merchant fold them at, on Penalty of 1000 lb. of Tobacco, and the Surplus of the former Rate.

No. 5. VL

THE Governor shall appoint Two Talkers for viewing, sealing, and allowing of all Weights and Measures, and gauging of Calk.

No. 6. VII.

LL Masters of Vessels that come to Anchor, shall in 24 Hours enter into Bond in the Secretary’s Office, not to transport any Person without Licence; and shall not trade without Licence, nor fell another Merchant’s Goods under Colour of his own Licence.

No. 24. VIII. SeB. 2.

O Person, on Penalty of 5 Barrels of Powder, shall go on Board any Vessel until file has anchored 24 Hours; and if any Person buy Provisions, or board such Vessel after the 24 Hours, they shall be landed in the Island, and not transported, on Penalty of 10 Barrels of Powder.

N°. 35. IX. SeB. 1.

TVT O Person shall go on Board any Vessel entering Harbour until the Marshal has brought the Master to the Governor, nor within 4.8 Hours after the Master has made such Appearance, on Penalty of 500lb. of Sugar, and in Case of Disability, to be imprisoned Six Months, or till lie pay the Fine; to be heard by a Justice of Peace, on the Oath of one Witness.

lOl

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

ness, who also may fine any Person accused I oolb. of Sugar, in Case of Contempt in not appearing on Summons.

X. §2. If any Master, Facflor, of other Person, treat; grant, of obtain a Promise of Goods of Ten Shillings Value, or Tonnage, or Freight, before the Master has been with the Governor, such Offender shall forfeit 10,000It. of Sugar, to be recovered in a Court of Record.

of the Vessel so set out, as aforesaid : And if any Disputeshall arise, whether the Loading in any French Vessel be of the Produce of the British Colonies, the Proof shall lie on the Master and Crew of the Vessel so seized.

XIII. §2. The Expence of prosecuting any Offence against this Act, shall be borne out of the third Part of the Forfeiture granted to the Government.

No. 48, Xl. St£l. 4.

©ClateihOQtstfe#. No. 46. Sett. 6.

IF any Person, having ho visible Way of Livelihood, shall have any Trade with a Slave without the Consent of the Owner, and be convi<fled thereof before a Judge, he shall suffer Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, or shall be fined not above Twenty Pounds.

XII. §5. Every Judge may direct a Warrant to search suspected Houses for Goods; and the Proof of the Property shall lie on the Person in whose Possession the Goods are found; and for Want of due Proof, the Goods shall be forfeited to the Public, and the Offender fined or punished, as aforesaid.

t HCVtitiZ teitl) tt)Z French. No. m.

' Seel. 1.

RECITES Part of the Fifth and Sixth Articles of the Treaty of Neutrality between the English and French in America, and Part of the Governor’s Instructions, and also Part of an Edicft published by the French, to prevent all English Vessels failingnear the French Islands; and likewise the Title and Intent of the Act to encourage the Trade of his Majesty's Sugar Colonies; and then declares. That a Vessel fitted out by the Governor may take ariy French Vessel failing within a League of any English Shore in any of the Leeward Islands, and having traded with any of the EuglijZj Subjects, to be proved by such French Vessel having on Board any Goods or Manufactures of any of his Majesty's Colonies; and the Officers of the Customs may seize any such French Vessels coming to anchor in any Road or Bay in the Aland, though forced by Distress, in Cafe any English Goods are found on Board, and such Vessel shall be tried, condemned, and forfeited, by a Sentence of the Court of Admiralty, who shall hear and determine the fame, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and such Prize shall be one Third to the Support of the Government of the Island where recovered, one Third to the Governor in Chief of such Colony, and the other Third to the Owner of the Vessel, or Custom-house Officer who made the Seizure or Information; and if the Seizure be made by a Vessel fitted out by Owners for.that Purpose, then the Forfeiture shall be, one Third to the Public where recovered, and the other two Thirds to the Owner

FI ERE any Spring rifeth in, or Watef-runneth through any Person’s Land, they shall not cut down any Woods or Bullies, or let Fire to the fame on ao Foot of each Side, if in Cane or Provision Ground, except they plant the fame with Trees to shade the Water; and in Pasture Ground the Trees or Bushes shall be let stand 30 Foot on each Side the Water, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every 50 Foot of Ground so cleared or laid open.

No. li 6. II. Sett. 8.

V7fyrHERE any Person shall turn any Wa- v ter-course dr Gutter in their Lands to

overflow a Highway, heshallforfeitFive Pounds for each Gutter or Water-course that shall impair the Highway; to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace, upon the Oath of the Surveyor of the Parish, and levied by the Justice's Warrant, for the Use of the Fortifications.

H&foicfbt0 anti giPeattfveg. No. 5.

THE Governor shall appoint Two of the Council to be Tafkers, for viewing, seal-ing, and allowing of all Merchants Weights and Measures, and gauging of Cask.

Wfyevvieg. No. 35. Sett. 3.

A LL Owners of Wherries and Canoes shall every Night chain or lock them up secure, or bring them close under Guard, and take away the Oars, Sails, and Rudders, and secure them, or deliver them to the Guard, on Penalty of 2000lb. of Sugar.

II. §4. Whoever shall be convicted of Healing Wherries, Canoes, Loggs, or other Vessels, or be consenting, aiding, or aflifling in the fame, shall be guilty of Felony.

III. § y. If any Person shall be convicted of complotting with others intending to steal any Wherry, or other Vessel, the Offender shall forfeit 2000lb. of Sugar, if a Free Man; and if a Servant, shall be whipt, and condemned to Four Years Servitude, after his first Servitude is expired.

No. 46. Sett. 6.

WHERE Water runneth through any Person’s Land, they shall not cut down C c any

102

An Abridgment of the Acts of Montserrat.

any Woods or Bullies, or let Fire to them within ao Foot on each Side, unless they plant Trees to lhade the Water; and where any Spring rifeth or runneth through any Pa Hurt*, the Handing Wood or Bullies shall be let Hand 30 Foot on each Side, on Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every 50 Foot of Ground.

COritfttggt, No. 15. Sect. 4.

ALL. Writings made upon the Island by the Inhabitants, except only Bills, Obligations, and Acquittances, shall be made in the Secretary’s Office by him.orwithhis Allowance, or else shall be of no Effect; and whoever else shall prefunietodraw any such Writings, shall be fined at the Governor's Discretion.

WvitS, No. j6.

NO Writ shall be fervedon any Councillor, AlTemblyman, or their Clerks, nor on any Juryman,Evidence, or Plaintiffs or Defendants, nor on any Inhabitant summoned to meet on Discipline in the Militia, or on their Servants or Slaves attending on them, or on the ITorfes they ride on, upon any public Days, when funi-moned by lawful Authority to attend on any Meeting of Council, Assembly, Court, or Militia, nor in 24 Hours before or after such Days of meeting.

No, 89. II. Se£l. 6.

ALL Writs of Summons shall be served on the Defendant Four Days before Court, and shall be in the Formprescribed in the Act.

III. §11. The Chief Justice, or eldefi Judge, shall sign all Writs of Execution in the Form also prescribed in the Adh

IV. §20. Such Writs of Execution shall not be awarded between the last of August, and first of March, yearly; but Writs of Scilin, or Possession of Lands, or Slaves, or Chattels, in Actions of Detinue or Replevin, may be executed at any Time of the Year.

V. §28. Writs of Error shall be signed by the Commander in Chief and Proceedings had thereon, as prescribed in the Act.

VI. §29. Writs of Enquiry of Damage shall be granted by the Court.

VII. §33. Writs of Scire facias to revive Judgments shall be served Six Days before Court, and in the same Manner as Writs of Summons are served.

No. 90. VIII. Sccl. 2.

ALL Writs of Formedon, in Defcender, Remainder, or Reverter, shall be sued in Seven Years after the Cause of Action, and not afterwards.

IX. §3. Proviso in Favour of Persons under Disability, who may sue in Seven Years after Disabiliry is removed.

No. 121. X. SeEl. 2.

AL L Whits of Summons, Arrests, or Executions against a Chief Justice, shall be signed by the next senior Judge.

ACTS

ACTS

O F

ASSEMBLY,

PASSED IN THE

CHARIBBEE LEEWARD ISLANDS,

From 1690, to 1705.

LONDON: Printed in the Year 1790.

THE

TABLE

Of the General ACTS

OF THE

LEEWARD ISLANDS,

AN Act for appointing Commissioners and an Agent to negociate and Palled manage the Affairs of the Leeward 1/lands, as also for the settling a i6go. Fund for the defraying of the Expence and Charge of such Negotiation, and procuring of divers Necessaries for the Use and Benefit of the fold Islands.

An Act forfapplying the Fleet with fame Provisions, and settling of the Methods of procuring the fame, and likewifefor the further rewarding and encouraging the Soldiers who served in the late Expedition in the Island of St. Cnriftopher against the French.

D d An

io 6 The TABLE.

Palled An ABfor regulating the Militia and Forces of these Islands, and establishing

1691. divers Rules and Articles of War.

An Act for Explanation of Part of an Act made the Eighth Bay of November loft, for the rewarding and encouraging Soldiers who served in the late Expedition in the Island of St. Christopher, and for the further Encouragement of the said Soldiers, as also for taking azoay Benefit of Clergy from any Persons zuho fieal Negroes or other Slaves.

An Act for the speedy getting in the Plunder and Debts due to the Army that served in the Expedition against St. Christopher’i'.

1692. An ABfor settling General Councils and General Assembliesfor the Leeward

Islands.

An Act for continuing an AlB made by the Governor in Chief, General Council and General AJJbnbly in Antigua, bearing Date the Eighth Day of November, in the Second Year of their Majesiiee Reign, i6qo, for the appointing Commissioners and an Agent to manage the Affairs of the Leeward Islands; as also for settling a Fund for defraying the Expences and Charges of such Negotiation, and procuring divers Necessaries for the Use and Benefit of the said Islands.

An Act empowering certain Persons to recover, for the Use of the Leeward Islands, from Major Joseph Crisp, and others, concerned in the Produce of Ninety-three Barrels of Brandy, or so much thereof as was not employedfor the public Service, according to the Trzfi reposed in the said Major Crisp, in that Behalf.

An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for the speedy getting in the Plunder and Debts due to the Army that served in the Expedition against St. Christopher's.

1^94’ An Act prohibiting the Exportation, of Provisions, Liquors, Arms, and Ammunition, from any of these Islands to St. Thomas j or any Neuipr)Port:

An Act agairfi Jews ingrossing Commodities imported in the Leeward Islands, and trading with the Slaves belonging to the Inhabitants of the same.

An Act ascertaining the Value of Foreign Coins in the Charibbee Leeward Islands, - '.... 109

A supplemental and explanatory AB to an Act, appointing Commissioners and an Agent to negociate and manage the Affairs of the Leeward Islands, &c.

An Act to prevent Disputes in eleBing Assembly-men to serve in General Assemblies, - — 110

An Act to make the Country Bonds given in the Secretary’s Office in each Island, for the Use of the Creditors of such Persons as shall be carried off without a Ticket, ' ill.

An Act for securivg Payment of the Balance of the General Accounts from the Debtor Islands, to the Island of Antigua,

- An

The TABLE.

107

An Act to settle General Councils and General Assemblies for the Charibbee Leeward Islands in America, and to secure to each particular Island their ozon peculiar Laws, Liberties, and Privileges.

An Act to prevent any Trade or Commerce with the French, or any other Foreign Plantation, by the Inhabitants of his Majesty's Charibbee Lee* ward Islands in America.

An Act for the better ObservaJtion of the Lord’s Day, and supprffng of profane Cursing and Swearing.

An Act for the better and more certain Support of Ministers.

An Act for the securing the Payment of Twelve Hundred Pounds for the Ends therein set dozen.

An Act to prevent Papists and reputed Papijlsfrom settling in any of these his Majesty's Charibbee Leeward Islands in America.

An Act for the better securing and defending his Majestys Charibbee Leeward Islands in America, in Ccfc of a I'Vjzr, and to establish a Fundfor the same.

An Act for thefinding Supernumerary Anils, to be proportionable according to the Number of every Person’s Negroes, within these his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America.

An Act to repeal a certain Act against the Jews, — 112

An Act for the preventing the Abuses in all Manner of Lumber, and for the better encouraging of that Trade, - 113

An Act for declaring a certain Act of Parliament made at Westminster in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King William, and continued by one other Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the said King, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form, be of Force in these Islands, - —— 114

An Act to settle General Councils and General Assemblies for the Charibbee Islands in America, and to secure to each particular Island their own peculiar Laws and legal Customs, - 115

An Act declaring a certain Act made at Nevis the Ffth Day o/~September, One Thousand Six Hundred Eighty seven, intituled, An Act against ingrafting Provisions, shall be in Force in all the Leeward Charibbee Islands in America.

An Act for declaring an Act made in Antigua, intituled, An Act for holding a Court of Chancery in this Island by the Lieutenant-governor or President in Council, in the Absence of the Commander in Chief, and for the more speedy Dispatch of causes in the said Court, to be in Force in all the Leeward Charibbee Islands in America.

Passed

1701.

1705-

The TABLE.

10B

Passed An Act for preventing tedious and chargeable Lawsuits, and for declaring 1705. the Rights of particular Tenants, - 117

An Act for the supplying the Want of Fines and Recoveries in these Islands, and for making any Deed or Deeds, duly executed and acknowledged before any of her Majesty s Justices of the Court of Common-pleas in the Kingdom of England or Ireland, or of any of these Islands, equivalent to a Fine and Recovery, or Fines and Recoveries, duly and regularly levied and suffered in any of her Majestys Courts of Record at Westminster, - 119

An Act to secure the Payment of the Ministers Dues, ——— 121

An Act for obliging Joseph Crisp of the Island of St. Christopher, Esquire, to account for, andfatisfy the Islands of Nevis, Antigua, and Montserrat, for sundry Goods of the said Islands intrufed with him some Years pafl.

An Act for establishing Courts, and settling due Methods for the Administration of fifftice throughout all her Majestys Leeward Charibbee Islands in America.

T H E

THE

LAWS

OF THE

LEEWARD ISLANDS

IN GENERAL,

An Act ascertaining the Value of Foreign Coins in the Charib- 0° 12.

bee Leeward Islands. confirmed.

|E. Y.our Majesties moll loyal, dutiful, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of the Chart bbce Lccvjard Islands, and the General Council, and General Assembly, pray your Most Excellent Majesties that it may be enafied, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each Piece of Eight of Sevill, Mexico, value of and Pillar, and each French Crown, shall be Coins; current and pals for Six Shillings current Money, a Perue Piece of Eight at Five Shillings, and all Monies whatsoever of those Coins aforesaid, shall in all Payments whatsoever be proportionably rated (except the Eighth Part of a Perue Piece of Eight, commonly called A Seven Pence Half-penny} shall be current and pass for

E e Nine-

no

The LAWS of the

Nine-pence any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Felony with-

II. And it is further enabled. That whosoever shall, for base Lucre, by Clergy,Cto'of any Ways or Means, coin, falsify, impair, diminish, seal, walh, clip, file, or coin, faifify, lighten any of the Money aforesaid, or any other Money current in thele €?c.ihe Islands, shall be guilty of Felony, and shall fuller Death for the lame wiih-

oncy‘ out Benefit of Clergy; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dated, in Antigua the last Day of August, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lard and Lady ICing William and Qincn Mary, Anno Domini 1694.

Chr. Codrington.

14. An Act to prevent Disputes in electing Assemblymen to serve in

General Assemblies.

TO prevent and avoid all Disputes that may arise in ele6ting Members of all General Assemblies for the future in the respective Islands, whereby the public Affairs may be retarded, to the Damage of all the Islands:

II. We your Majesties loyal and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief, and the General Council, and General Assembly of the Charibbee Leeward Islands, pray your Molt Sacred Majesties that it may be enacted, a°V°oo°rcicr an<^ belt, and J^t ds: 'herpby enabled by the Authority of the same, That the Scc°^ary the Ooveffiof in'Chief,'or 'Lieutenant or Deputy-governor, Presidmt or to take the Presidents, and the major Part of the Council and Assembly for the Time Freeholders' being of each Island, shall order the Secretary or Deputy-secretary of on'Oath in each respective Island, upon Oath in their Presence, at such Time and fencePre" Place as their Majesties Writs shall direct, to take the Freeholders Votes amUdmit of each Island in Manner and Form as they shall direct, to their Know-no Vote but ledge, admitting no Vote but what shall be made by a Freeholder of cr^r,eandId" lbe respective Island in Person; and after all Votes are so taken, then fltaYi declare and there publicly declare upon whom the Elections fall by Plurality of

who is dec- "VotCS.

By whom

III. And if any Disputes happen concerning the Election of any Per-Dirpmcs son, the Chief Governor, Lieutenant or Deputy-governor, Preficlent or Eiedlons13 Presidents, and the major Part of the Council and Assembly, then and shall be dc- there shall be Judges of, and decide and determine all such Disputes; any iern.med. Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dated in Antigua the left Day o/August, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady King William and Queen Mary, Anno Domini 1694.

Chr. Codrington.

An

LEE W ARD Islands in General.

An Act to make the Country Bonds given in the Secretary’s Office $ in each Island, for the Use of the Creditors of such Persons as shall be carried off without a Ticket*

WHEREAS several Debtors have been and may be clandestinely carried off these I (lands, to the defrauding of all their Creditors and the undoing of some, by Reason the Country Bonds, given in thf Secretary’s Office, are to their Majesties and their Successors, therefor' cannot be sued and recovered to the Use of their Creditors (o aggrieved as designed: For the Prevention whereof and for the better securing the Creditors aforesaid,

II. W e your Majesties most dutiful and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, and the General Council, and General Assembly, pray your Most Excellent Majesties that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid That it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of any of the Courts of Common-pleas within thele Blands, and they and every of n them are hereby required, upon the Petition of any Person or Persons f aggrieved, by the carrying off any Person or Persons from either or any A ol these Islands without a lawful Ticket, to issue forth a Scire Facias against 1 such Master, Skipper, or other Person, taking Charge of any Vessel, which hath carried off any Person without a lawful Ticket, his Security or Se- J curities, or either of them, commanding him or them to appear at the r next Court of Common-pleas of the Island where the Offences shall be committed, or Damage done, to shew Cause why he doth not satisfy such Damage, or elsewhy Judgment should not be entered for their Majesties o for the whole Penalty of the said Bond, o-

III. And it shall be in the Power of such Court, upon such Master, or his Security or Securities, giving Security in the Court, to the Party or to bcu Parties damnified, to pay his or their Damages, or then in Court paying drawn; the fame, to order the Scire Facias to be for that Time wholly withdrawn, %%Zcnt and no further Proceedings shall be upon the Scire Facias had; otherwise half be had; the Scire Facias to be prosecuted to Judgment; but no Execution to i/lue out thereupon, before the Person or Persons aggrieved shall, by Scire be iHued tin Facias, summon the Person or Persons again!! whom the Judgment afore- Noticcgivcn said is obtained, to appear.and shew Cause why Execution should not iffiic upon the said Judgment; and if the Plaintiff in the said Scire Facias shall gainftii's duly prove what Damages he hath sustained, and thereupon a Verditl: be 'yingau-aid-

found for him

for so much

the Judge or Judges shall, in such Case, award Execution jL’ccuiVon, as the Jury shall find, and no more; and the former ithad, shall Judgment is hereby declared Hill to remain cautionary for Two Years, and no longer, for the Satisfaction of such other of their Majesties Sub- die jury jedls as shall legally prove themselves damnified, and recover Damages as aforesaid, by due Course of Law in the Istand where the Offence is judo-.'" Committed- ment lo rc-

IV. Provided always, That unless the said Bonds, or any of them, ™31"faut,°' are prosecuted and sued within Two Years next after the Date of the lame. Two Years, they and every of them, not sued in the said Time, shall be utterly void for the Bc-and: of none Effect, as if they had never been made; any Law, Custom, or Usage whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding. Bonds not

sued in T\vc>

Dated Years-- void•

112

The LAWS of the

Dated, in Antigua the One and Thirtieth Day of August, in the Sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord and Lady King William and, Oiieen Mary, Anno Domini i(jgp

WHEREAS there was an Act passed at a Meeting of the General Council and General Assembly some Time ftnee held at Antigua, intituled, An Act agaiiifl Jews ingrossing Commodities imported in the Leeward Itlands, and trading zuith the Slaves belonging to the Inhabitants of the fame. Deal ing Date the last Day of August, One Thousand Six Hundred Ninety-four.

II. And whereas by their humble Petition, directed to his Excellency the present Governor in Chief of all your Majesty's Charibbee Leezoard Islands in America, and to the Gentlemen of the General Council and General Assembly now met at Nevis, have set out their many and great Grievances sustained by Reason of the said Act, praying Relief in the Pre-misses, and also promising a due Obedience for the future to the Laws of England, and tnefe your Majesty's Islands, relating to Trade, and Prefer-vation of the same.

III. An d forasmuch as the said Act hath proved of pernicious Confe-quence to the fezvs residing on these Elands; therefore, for their Encouragement to aftift and defend your Majesty's said Charibbee Elands with the utmost of their Power, Strength, and Ability, in Case of a War, and to behave themselves fairly and honestly amongst us for the future:

IV. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief of all your Majesty's Charibbee Leezoard Islands in America, the General Council and General Assembly now met at Nevis, do pray your Most Excellent Majesty to enact and ordain, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, intituled, An Act agahift Jews ingrossing Commodities imported into the Leeward Islands, and trading with the Slaves belonging to the Inhabitants of the

Aa against fame, shall be, and is hereby abrogated and repealed, and all and every Jews repeal- Qause thereof, and declared from the Date of these Presents null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had never been made; the said Act, or any other Act, Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dated at Nevis, the 1 oth of December, and Thirteenth Year of his’ Majestys Reign, Anno Domini One Thoztfand Seven Hundred and One.

Chr. Codrington.

Conhrmed

An Act to repeal a certain Act' against the Jews.

1 7 A/rty,

1703-

An

LEEWARD Islancls in General.

113

An Act for the preventing the Abuses in all Manner of Lumber, 26. and for the better encouraging of that Trade.

FOR the preventing of those Frauds and Abuses which have been practised in the Importation of all Manner of Lumber into these his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands hom the Continent America, and for the establishing, settling, and encouraging of that Trade;

II. We your Majesty's moss loyal, dutiful, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of the Leezoard Charibbee Islands, the General Council and General Assembly now assembled in the Island of Nevis, most humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and After 12 after the Expiration of Twelve Months next and immediately after the ^at^um-Publication of this Act in every the several Charibbee Leezoard Islands be- ber mall be longing to this Government, no Lumber imported into any of these his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands, from any Part of the Continent ofa c’ America, or from any other Port or Place, being first from thence exported, shall be accounted merchantable, or be exposed to Sale in any of his Majesty's L^eeward Charibbee islands, but what shall contain the exact Measures and Sizes following (viz.) Every Shingle shall be Five A frizes Inches and an Half broad, and Seventeen long; every Board, One Inch tllc>cof* thick; every Plank Two Inches thick; and every Stave, Forty-two Inches long, and Three Quarters of an Inch thick, and Four Inches broad; and All Lumber that all and every such Shingles, Boards, Plank, and Staves imported, more't'hfn1 as aforesaid, or any Board or Plank, or square Timber that shall be ifs Mca-marked for more than the true Measure, shall from thenceforth become 0\rcsj for* forfeited, and liable to be burnt. cltc

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon OnCom-Complaint made by any of the Inhabitants of the Leeward Charibbee plaint, juf-Iflanas to the next Justice of the Peace of any Abuse in the Importation ScriTtobT of any Lumber contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then measured, such Justice of the Peace is hereby directed and impowered to grant a &c-Warrant, directed to Two or more discreet and knowing Persons, One whereof to be a Merchant, and One to be a Planter, thereby impowering them to view, fee, and measure all such Lumber as the said Complainant shall shew unto them, with Power also at any Time of the Day to enter into any Warehouse, Storehouse, or other Place, where such Lumber is; and if any Person shall refuse or deny them Entrance (they pro- andem Deducing their Warrant aforesaid) then it shall be lawful for them, with the (‘ff Assistance of one Constable or more, to break any Lock, Bar, Bolt, bre"kCBTr,y Staple, or Fattening; and every Constable is in such Case required, &c-upon Notice thereof) to be aiding and assisting to the Persons to whom execute thl° such Warrant is directed, who are hereby also required, upon Receipt of Wan-am, if any such Warrant, to obey the fame (provided the Party complaining Miles" an a ' doth not require him or them to go above Fifty Miles Distance from his makVhfsRe-or their Place of Abode ) and, upon View, to report how they find the p°1,on the fame, by Indorsement on the Backside of the said Warrant attested under eL their Hands and Seals; and all such Lumber as they shall report imported contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the said justice of Peace shall, by his Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order and strictly charge One or more of the Constables in 'the Division where such

F f Lumber

ii 4

Penalty on Ships, (3c. importing Lumber contrary to this Act.

How to be difoofed of, (3c.

ConSable to be first paid 6s for each W arrant. Ship not to depart till Forfeitures are paid. Penalties on Justices, (3c. how to be recovered.

Action to be sued in Six Months, (3c.

27-

Recital of

Act 7 & 8

IV.3. and it's Continuance by 13 & 14

W.3.

The TAWS; of the

Lumber is found, to burn the fame at the next Port or Place of Importation.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Ship or Velfei importing and unlading any Lumber contrary to the true Intent of this Act, into any of the Leeward Charibbee Islands, shall be liable to pay for every Thousand of Shingles, Six Shillings; One Hundred Foot of Boards, Four Shillings; One Hundred Foot of Plank, Eight Shillings; One Hundred of Staves, Four Shillings, so imported, and which shall appear in Manner aforesaid to be unfizeable and unmerchantable; to be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being of that respective Island, to be by him applied to the Use of the Public of such Island in which such Lumber shall be imported; one Moiety for the public Use, and one Moiety to the Use of the Informer (the Constable being first paid for every Warrant Six Shillings out of the said Forfeiture) and the said Ship not to depart until the fame be paid.

V. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and that every Justice of the Peace, Constable, and other Persons that shall be negligent, or shall refuse in their several Places and Capacities to put this Act in Execution, for each and every Offence, upon due Proof made, shall forfeit and pay, viz. Every Justice of the Peace Five Pounds, and every Constable Forty Shillings current Money; all which Forfeitures shall be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the fame in any Court of Record within any of the Lcezuard Charibbee Islands, where such Forfeitures shall be made, provided the AHion be commenced within Six Months after the Offence committed, wherein no Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary any ways notwithstanding.

Dated in Nevis the Fifteenth of December, and Thirteenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, Anno Domini One Thousand Seven Hundred and One.

An Act for declaring a certain Act of Parliament made at Westminster in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King William, and continued by one other Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the said King, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form, be in Force in these Ifands.

'H E RE AS a certain Act of Parliament made at Westminster the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, of ever Wetted Memory, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the ufal Form, and continued by one other AH patted at a Parliament held at Westminster in the Thirteenth

and

LEE W ARD Islands in General. 115

and Fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said King, and now in Force in the Kingdom, hath been, and is found to be a beneficial Law, and such as, if the fame were extended to these Islands, would be an Encouragement to Trade, and a Means to further the Settlement of these Colonies

II. We therefore pray her Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Chief Governor of her Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands, and the General Council and General Assembly of the fame, now met at Nevis, That the said Act, in- To be intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People Force in the called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the tfual Form, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained shall, from and after the Tenth Day of this Instant June, be in full Force and Power in these her Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands; any Law, Usage, and Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Dated in Nevis this Fourth Day of June, One Thoifand Seven Hundred and Five, and in the Fourth Year of her Majesty s Reign.

Thomas Bellman Speaker.

John Johnson.

An Act to settle General Councils and General Assemb lies for the $1° 28. Charibbee Islands in America, and to secure to each particular Island their own peculiar Laws, and legal Customs.

WHEREAS there is at this Time a General Council and a General Assembly for the Leczoard Charibbee Islands in America, met together at Nevis concerning the public Affairs, to consult and ena61 such good and wholesome Laws and Ordinances as may be for the Safety and Advantage of all her Majesty's said Islands:

II. And whereas the Interest, in Point of Trade and Laws, of moll of the said Islands, in feme Respe6ls, do differ the one from the other: Therefore the better to preserve and defend the whole, and to secure to each particular Island their own Laws and legal Customs which are not of a general Concern;

III. We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commander in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the General Council and General Assembly of the fame, now met together at Charles Town in the Island of Nevis, do pray Your Most Excellent Majesty to ena6l and ordain, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Laws and legal Laws, (Sc. of Customs now in Force in each and every the Charibbee Leeward Islands, ca<* Eand and respecting only the Circumstances of the fame, be and remain in their Force.11 full Force and Virtue.

The L AWS of the

116

General Assembly lo conliitol 5 Representatives from each 1 Hand, tfc.

Who shall not be Suable for Debt, within io Days before or after Sessions, but may for Treason. cs?r.

Each Member of Council, €£c. to be paid zos per

Dievi. during the Session,

and allowed Charges of going from island to Idand.

Each island to be subject to the Laws, though it's Representa-tive is not present in Council;

provided no Laws are made but when a Majority is present.

IV. And be it further enacted, That whensoever the Commander in Chief that now is, or that shall hereaf ter be, shall judge it necessary for her Majesty's Service, and the Good and Welfare of the Charibbee Leeward Islands, to call together the General Council and General Assembly, that then all the Freeholders of each respective island (that are qualified by Law) shall meet together at a certain Time and Place, to be nominated and appointed by Writ from the Commander in Chief for the Time being, in their several respective Islands, to elebt and make Choice of Five able and discreet Men, being Freeholders of and in each and every the said respective Islands, to be their Representatives, and to join with the said Commander in Chief and General Council, to make, enabl, and ordain such General Laws and Ordinances, as may be proper and convenient for all the Charibbee Lcezoard Islands.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of the General Council nominated by the Commander in Chief, or Representatives of the General Assembly elected in any of the said several relpeblive Islands for the Service aforesaid, shall be any Way troubled, sued, molested, or arrested for Debt, or otherwise (Murder, Felony, Treason, or other Misdemeanor against the Crown only excepted) by any Person or Persons whatsoever within the said Leeward Charibbee Islands, whenever the General Council and General Assembly shall and may be held for the future; but shall have free Liberty to come on and go off of the said Islands where such General Council and General Assembly is and shall be held, for the Space of Ten Days before, and Ten Days after each Session.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each and every Person so nominated as a Councillor, and elebled as a Repre-fentative to serve in this or any other General Council and General Assembly for the future, shall be allowed and paid by the Treasurer of each respective island they serve for, out of the public Stock of the fame, during the Continuance of each and every such Sessions, the Sum of Twenty-Shillings per Diem; and where the Council and Representatives go off one island to another, they shall be transported to and from each refjpec-tive island at the public Charge of that island for which they serve, and shall be paid their Allowance of Twenty Shillings per Diem, from the Day they go off, to the Day of their Return, provided their Return be not delayed by their own private Business.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Members of any one particular island, whether Council, or appointed by the Commander in Chief, or Representatives elebled by the Freeholders, shall neglect and refuse to appear, their delaying and refilling to appear and join with the rest of the said General Council and General Act fembly when convened and met together, shall not exempt that island from the due Obedience and Observance of all and every the Laws and Ordinances that shall be enabled during any such Session of General Council and General Assembly, provided they do not abl but when there is present a Majority of the whole Number; but that all such Laws and Ordinances shall be good and binding to all and every the said Leeward Charibbee Islands, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Dated in Nevis this Seventh Day of June, in the Fourth Year of her Majestys Reign, Anno Domini One Thousand Seven Hundred and Five.

Thomas Bellman Speaker.

John Johnson.

An

ii7

LEEWARD Islands in General.

An Act for preventing tedious and chargeable Lazy-suits, and for $><, 31. declaring the Rights of particular Tenants.

WHEREAS Law-suits and Controversies frequently arise between the Inhabitants of these Islands, principally occasioned by the different Nature and Circumstances of our Estates, from those in England•> whereby it sometimes hath happened, through the Partiality of some, and Ignorance of others, that contradictory Judgments have been given in Cafes founded on the same Rules and Principles of Law and Reason; for the redressing of which Mischiefs, and establishing a constant and certain Uniformity in the Proceedings of the Courts of the several Islands under this Government, and for declaring the Rights of particular Tenants in these Islands;

II. We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commander in Chief of your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands, the General Council and General Assembly of the said Islands, now met at Nevis, do humbly pray your Majesty that it may be declared, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Common Law of England, as far How far thd as it stands unaltered by any written Laws of these Islands, or some L°wof°£ of them, confirmed by your Majesty, or some of your Royal Predecessors wisin'*5' in Council, or by some Act or Acts of Parliament of the Kingdom of Force her*, England, extending to these Islands, is in Force in each of these your Sf‘ Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands, and is the certain Rule whereby the Rights and Properties of your Majesty's good Subjects inhabiting these Islands, are and ought to be determined; and that all Customs or Protended pretended Customs, or Usages contradictory thereunto, are illegal, null, Sc^ontrlry and void. voi<j.

III. And be it, and it is hereby declared, That all Negroes and other Negroes,fjc. Slaves, Coppers, Stills, and all Cattle, Horses, Asses, commonly used and plantation exercised upon and about any Plantation or Plantations, and all other made Free. Plantation Utensils, are Inheritance, and affixed to the Freehold, and are hold> ^Ca with the Plantation descendable to the Heir at Law, and the Widow Widow dowable as well of them and every of them, as of the Lands and Te- '

nements whereof her Husband died seized; and that such Widow may and shall recover the mesne Profits of such Plantation, Negroes, Cattle,

Horses, Asses, or other Hereditaments whereof she shall be so endowed, against the Party or Parties that have received or detained the fame, in Damages by Afiion upon the Cafe in any Court of Record in that Island, wherein the Estate, whereof JDower is so recovered, lies, or by Suit in Equity against the Party or Parties^ their Executors, or Administrators, that have received or denied the lame.

IV. Provided always, That the said Plantation, or the Works there- Proviso, on being, shall not be divided or otherwise parted than by Allotment of the third Part of the Dwelling-house with it’s Appurtenances and necessary Conveniencies, to the Tenant in Dower for her Habitation, or convenient Reception, upon the said Plantation, when she shall think fit to repair thereunto; which third Part of the Dwelling-house, the Pro-voft-niar shall , or his lawful Deputy, upon Application to him made, shall set out to such Tenant in Dower, and shall forthwith put her in quiet and peaceable Possession of the fame; and that none of the Negroes or other Slaves, Coppers, Stills, Cattle, Horses, Asses, or other Plantation

G g. Utensils-

n8

Exception in Case of Wills.

Notto make void the Act concerning Intestates.

The Widow’s third Part to be settled by a

Jury.

The LAWS of the

Utensils whatsoever, to such Plantation belonging, shall be carried off, or employed from the said Plantation, otherwise than by the immediate Service thereof, by such Tenant in Dower, or by the Heir, or him or them in Reversion or Remainder, but that each of them shall join in carrying on the Interest for the bell Advantage of all the Parties concerned.

V. And be it hereby declared and enacted, That where any.-Person hath or flia.ll, by his last Will and Tellament in "Writing, devise any Part of his Estate, or of the Profits thereof, amounting in Value to a third Part of his Estate, whereof file was dowable, and, omitting to declare such Devise to be in Bar of her Dower, fha.Il devise the rest, Residue, or Remainder of his Estate to any other Person or Persons, that such Devise to his Wife shall be taken and construed to be a complete Bar of her Dower, unless such Devisee, being of full Age, shall disagree to the said Devise, and claim or demand her Dower within Three Years after the Death of her Husband, or after her having arrived at the Age of One and Twenty Years.

VI. Provided always, That this Act, nor any Thing therein contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to impeach or make void an Act made for Provision of younger Children of Fathers dying intestate, intituled, An Act for making the Negroes, Coppers, Mills, and Stills of Intestates FJlates, Chattels; which AH was made by the President and Council of Nevis, executing the Office of Lieutenant-general and Assembly of the Island of Nevis, on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-nine, and Hands confirmed by his late Majesty King William the Third in Council; but that the fame, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be and remain in full Force; and that the several Islands under this Government shall be at liberty to enact the fame Law; any Thing in this Act to the contrary, or feerning to the contrary in any wise notwithstand-

inS-

VII. Provided also, That where any Person is intituled to Dower of any Parcel of Land unsettled, that a Warrant shall go out to the Provost-marshal of the Island wherein such Land lies, at the Prayer either of the Tenant who is so intitled to Dower, or of the Party or Parties in Rever-fion or Remainder, requiring him within Eight Days from the Day of the Date of the said Warrant, to impannel a Jury of Twelve good and lawful Freeholders of such Island, wherein such Land lies; who shall, upon their Oaths, set out the third Part of the said Land to the Party so intitled to Dower, by her to be held in Severalty, by Metes and Bounds; any Thing in this Act, or any other Law, or Statute, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dated at Nevis the Twentieth Day of Tune, Anno Domini One Thousand Seven Hundred and Five, and in the Fougrth Year of her Majestys Reign, &c.

Thomas Bellman Speaker.

John Johnson.

LEEWARD Islands in General.

An Act for the supplying the Want of Fines and Recoveries in 32» these Islands, and for making any Deed or Deeds duly executed and acknowledged before any of her Majestys Justices of the Court of Common-pleas in the Kingdom of England or Ireland, or of any of these Islands, equivalent to a Fine and Recovery, or Fines and Recoveries, duly and regidarly levied and suffered in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

WHEREAS Fines with Proclamations and Common Recoveries are become the Common Assurances of your Majesty s Kingdom of England, at least such a necessary Part thereof, as without them the Inheritance of Femes-coverts, or their Right or Title to Dower, or any other Estate of Freehold, nor Estates of Tenants in Tail, General or Special, or the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders thereupon depending, cannot be barred:

II. And whereas such Fines cannot be duly levied in these Islands for Want of proper Officers, or Common Recoveries well suffered, for Want offe t Days for the Return of Writs, or for the Appearance of the Parties to such Recoveries, the Courts of Law in these Islands usually holding but one Day, or two at the most; for remedying which Mischief, and to the Intent that Want of Fines and Recoveries in these Islands may be effectually supplied, by making other Conveyances, attended with particular Circumstances herein after mentioned, equivalent thereunto;

III. We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, do pray your Most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Commander in Chief of these your Majesty's Leeward Cha-ribbee Islands' in America, the General Council and General Assembly of the said Islands now met at Nevis, and by the Authority of the same, That Deeds ao-a Deed or Deeds in due Form of Law, made and executed by the Huff band and Wife, of the Plantations, Lands and Tenements, Negroes, and tice°of the other Hereditaments of the Wife, or of any Plantation, Lands, and Te- Common* nements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments whereof the Husband was %f,nsr Iblely and in his own Right seized at any Time during the Coverture, or fiiaii bar whereof the Husband or Husbands and Wife were seized in Right of the Wife, or the Husband jointly with the Wife, or by Tenant in Tail, General or Special, and by the Party or Parties, and each of them, from whom the Interest pafles, acknowledged before feme of her Majesty's Justices of the Conrt of Common-pleas in the Kingdom of England or Ireland, or of any of your Majesty s Leeward Charibbee Islands, wherein such Plantation,

Lands,- Tenements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments, do lie, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be as effectual and valid in the Law, to pass all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, and Claim of the Party or Parties, and of each of them, to such Deed or Deeds, in or to all or any of the Plantation or Plantations, Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or other Hereditaments, by such Deed or Deeds granted, conveyed, or made over, or thereby intended to be granted, conveyed, or made over to the Person or Persons,

Bargainee or Bargainnees, Grantee or Grantees, in the said Deed or Deeds mentioned, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to whom or to whole Use any

Estate

i

120

The LAWS of the

Wife to be privately examined, whether she does execute the fame freely, €3c. and such Examination shall be in-dorfed on the Back of the Deeds, end subscribed by the Judge, and inrolled at length within Six Months in the Secretary’s Office there, &c,

scut if in £ngland} &c. then within Six Months in the Court T)f Chancery there,

and the Record, &e. to

Sc admitted asEvidence, if the Original is mif-laid*.

Estate in such Plantation or Plantations, Lands, Tenements, Negroes, or other Hereditaments, is by the said Deed or Deeds limited, bargained, fold, granted, or conveyed according to the several Limitations in the said Deed or Deeds contained, as if the Party or Parties to the said Deed or Deeds, from whom the Interest moves, had levied a Fine or Fines with Proclamations, or buffered a Common Recovery or Recoveries of such Plantation or Plantations, Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and duly executed Deeds leading the Uses of such Fine or Fines, or declaring the Uses of such Recovery or Recoveries to be to such Bargainee or Bargainees, Grantee or Grantees, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to whom or to whole Use such Plantation or Plantations, Lands, Tenements, Negroes, and other Hereditaments are, by the Deed or Deeds so to be executed and acknowledged, as is above mentioned, limited, and conveyed, or that the fame and every Part thereof had been1 bargained, fold, conveyed, or set over by any the firmest Deed or Deeds, Conveyance or Conveyances, Assurance or Assurances in the Law, that could be advised or devised by Counsel learned in the Law.

IV. Provided always, That the Wife, who is Party to any such Deed or Deeds, be of full Age at the Time of the Execution thereof, and be privately and apart examined by the Judge, before whom such Deed or Deeds is acknowledged, whether fire do execute the fame freely, voluntarily, and without Fear, Threats, or Compulsion, of or by her f-Iufband used; which Examination of the Wife shall be inaorfed, together with the Acknowledgment of the Party or Parties, from whom the Interest by the said Deed or Deeds pass: And such Acknowledgments shall be subscribed by the Judge before whom the Acknowledgments of such Deed or Deeds is taken, and by and before whom such Wife is privately examined.

V. And be it Further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Deed or Deeds so executed and acknowledged, as aforesaid, shall be inrolled at length in the Secretary’s or Register’s Office of that Eland, wherein the Estate so granted or conveyed lies (if the said Deed or Deeds be executed and acknowledged in any of these your Majesty's Leeward, Charihbee Elands) within Six Kalendar Months after the Acknowledgment of such Deed or Deeds; and in Case the said Deed or Deeds shall be executed and acknowledged within either of your Majesty's Kingdoms of England or Ireland, that the same shall be inrolled at length in the High Court of Chancery of that Kingdom, wherein the fame was executed and acknowledged, within Six Kalendar Months after the Acknowledgment thereof; and that the Acknowledgment of such Deed or Deeds so subscribed by tire Judge before whom the fame was taken (as before is directed) shall be a sufficient Proof of the due Execution of the said Deed or Deeds, and the Record, or an Exemplification, or attested Copy of such Deed or Deeds, shall be admitted and allowed to be given in Evidence upon any Trial at Law or Hearing in Equity, where the Original Deed or Deeds is or are mislaid, and cannot be produced; any Law, Statute, or tJfage to the contrary in any ways notwithstanding.

Dated in Nevis the Twenty-first Day of June, Anno Domini One Thaw-sand Seven Hundred and Five, and in the Fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign.

Thomas Bellman Sfeah$r,

John Johnson,

An

12 1

LEEWARD Islands in General.

An Act to secure the Payment of the Ministers Dues*. £2° 33-

tS7HE RE AS notwithstanding the many good and pious Laws which v have been enacted, and {till continue in Force on the several Islands of this Government, for providing a convenient and certain Maintenance for the Clergy, it nevertheless so happens, that by the Avarice of some, and the Negligence of others, that Ministers of the Gospel are in some Points miforably disappointed of their legal Dues, and of a reasonable Support, in Contempt of Authority, in Breach of public Faith, and to the great Scandal and Reproach of the Colonies

II. Be it therefore, and it is hereby enacted by the Commander in Chief of her Majesty's Leczoard Chanbbee Islands in America, and the General Council and General Assembly of the fame. That every Cleric Mini (leys to now prefonted, or who hereafter shall be presented by the Chief Governor receive for the Time being to any Benefice within any of these your Majesty's Elands, St. Christophers, Nevis, Antigua, and Montserrat, shall be inti tied «»i, and to to, and receive an annual Stipend of Sixteen Thou (and Pounds of good P™PorUo,‘-merchantable Miifcovado Sugar, and so in Proportion to the Time he or ° y* they shall serve in their respective Cures; which said Stipend shall be raised, collected, and paid by such Methods as are already or shall hereafter be established by the Vestry Acts of each particular Eland; but which thati that if under any Colour or Pretexts, or by any Neglect or Deficiency l>c. levi.ed by whatsoever, the Incumbent of any Parish within this Government of the Leeward Elands, have now, or hereafter shall have more than One Year’s whofliaiibe Stipend due to him from his Parishioners, it shall and may be lawful for the Commander in Chief of these Elands for the Time being, upon Appli- " 1 cation made to him, to commissionate under his Hand and Seal Seven Persons (being principal Freeholders of the Eland), of which Four to be a Quorum, who shall by Virtue of such Commission be fully authorized and impowered to act and do every Thing that a Vestry chosen by the Pa-. rifhioners might or could have done, and to compel the Payments of all or any Arrears clue from any Person or Persons whatsoever, whereby the Complainant’s Accounts may be adjusted, and all that shall appear to be justly due to him from his Parish, paid; which-when done, the Commission to be void, and the Overplus (if any levied) returned to the Churchwardens of the Pantlies; and that the Accounts may be more fairly Hated none-™may and adjusted, the Commissioners are hereby authorized and impowered to demand a demand a Sight of the Parish Books, to fond for Persons and Papers, and Slfpof!’a~ to administer Oaths to all Parties concerned. °°'s’

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner appointed by Virtue of this Act, shall take the following Oath

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully and conscienciovfly dfcharge the Commit Truss reposed in me by the Commission, under which I am now about to apt, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof

So help me God. £fu]ly

to execute

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed, or to be appointed by Virtue of tipis Act, are hereby obliged fully to execute the Days"fccr

H h said Notice.

122

The L A TVS of the LEEWARD Islands.

said Commission, so that the Complainant may receive full Payment and Satisfaction of his just Dues and Demands, within Twenty-eight Days at Martha! to farthest after due Notice given of the said Commission; and that the fame may t*e effectually executed, the Provost-marshal, or his lawful Deputy, is (Sc. ’ hereby required to attend the said Commissioners, and is further impowered and authorized to execute such Orders and Precepts as .shall be directed to him under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Four of them, by Virtue of and in Execution of their Commission, and for who mall his Trouble and Pains shall receive such reasonable Fees as the Com miff-hfsPrcafhnam fi°ners Chall appoint, to be paid out of the Levy raised out of the Parish bic Fees, (Sc. complained of, by Virtue of this Act. '

Marshai on V. And be it provided. That if the Marshal shall refuse or neglect Negleaof effectually to execute such Precepts as shall be directed to him in purfu-feits^oo^ ance of this Act, he shall forfeit Two Hundred Pounds current Money of (Sc. these Islands, suffer Two Months Imprisonment, and be rendered incapa-

ble of his Employ for ever; of which Forfeiture or Forfeitures, one Moiety howTobe5 be to the Informer, and the other to the Use of the Poor of the applied. Parish complained of.

VI. And for the more effectual Encouragement of Virtue, and Sup-

pression of Immorality and Vice amongst the Clergy in these Islands, be

For what it enacted, and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any beneficed

causes cicr- Clergyman in these Islands shall, by the Oaths of Two or more lawful or

be^ufpend- credible Witnesses, be convict before the Commander in Chief, or Lieu-

ed, (Sc. tenant-governor, or President of the Island, where such Clergyman has his

Cure, of any habitual Immorality or Irreligion, and scandalous Practices,

that it shall and may be lawful for the said Commander in Chief for the

Time being, Lieutenant-governor, or President, by or with the Advice

and Consent of the Council, before whom the Party accused is lo convict,

to suspend the Party so convict from his Benefice, the Profits thereof te>

Profitsofhc °e applied to the public Uses of the Parish, whereof the Person so suspend-

his Benefice ed was Incumbent; and the said Commander in Chiefshall give Notice of

mail be ap- said Suspension, with the Reason thereof, to the Lord Bishop of London

Notice to be for the Time being, by the first convenient Opportunity that offers for it's

rent to the lo being done, that his Lordship may give such Directions therein as to

Bishop of pim shall seem meet.

Moncton9 esc.

Dated this 22 d Day of June 170^, and in the yth Year of her Majestys Reign.

Thomas Bellman Speaker.

John Jolinfom

THE

T

H E

TABLE

Of the General ACTS

OF THE

LEEWARD ISLANDS.

A,

A

B

RMS. See Supernumerary Arms.

B.

O A R D S. See Lumber.

Bonds. See Country Bonds.

C.

CLERGYMEN. See Ministers.

Council and Assembly. See General Councils, and General Assemblies.

Country Bonds.

Country Bonds made for Use of Creditors of Persons carried off without Ticket.

Creditors undone because Country Bonds are not fuable to their Use, therefore Creditors to be better secured.

Scire facias to be granted on Petition by Judge of the Common-pleas, to Party grieved by another’s being carrie '

without Ticket.

The Scire facias to lie against Master, &c. of Vessel or Sureties.

N® of the Atts. Clauses. at next Court, why Damage not satisfied, and why Judgment should not be for the King for Penalty of Bond. On paying Damages, or giving Security for them. Scirefacias to be withdrawn. No Execution till 2d Scire facias to shew Caule against it. Execution for no more than Jury find in Damage. First Judgment to remain cautionary for Two Years for others damnified. Bonds not sued in Two Years after Date, made void. of ( the Acts.

D.

I WENCE anc* Security of the Lce- a S ward I (lands. See tvar. Dowers. See Estates.

*5 E. jEiNTAILS. See Recoveries.

I Estates.

2 ib. Common Law of England, as far as unaltered by any written Laws of these Islands, confirmed, or by Act of Parliament extending to these Islands, is the Rule to determine Rights and Properties. Customs, 31

ib.

ib.

ib.

124

The TABLE.

Customs, or pretended Customs to the N" of contrary, made void.

Slaves, Coppers, Stills, Cattle, Horses, ' s-and Plantation-Utensils used with Plantation, made Inheritance, and descendable as the Lands, and Widowdowable out of them, as of the Lands.

Mesne Profits of Dower recoverable in Law or Equity against Party detaining.

Plantation or Works not to be divided but by Allotment of a third Part of the Dwelling-house with the Appurtenances to Tenant in Dower, to be let out by the Martha!.

Negroes not to be employed off the Plantation, but for the Service of it.

Tenants in Dower and Reversioner to join in carrying on Interest.

Devise of a third Part of the Estate or Profits bars Dower, if Residue is devised away.

Dcvifce may disagree to the Devise, and have Dower in Three Years after Age, or Death of Husband.

This Act not to make void an Act made in Nevis for Provision of younger Children.

Dower of Lands unsettled to be by Metes and Bounds.

The Dower to be set out by Marshal, with a Jury, by Virtue of a Warrant in Eight Days after the Date of the Warrant.

F.

JL1 elony.

Clauses Non-appearance of Member of Coun-

2 cil or All'embly of any Island, not to

exempt the Island from the Laws passed. Proviso not to act but where Majority is present.

3 Guns. See Supernumerary Arms.

ib. 1. J" EWS.

4 Recital of the General Act against Jews ingrodingProvisions, palfed at shiiigua the

ib. last of August, 1694, Jews Petition to- the General Council

ib. and General Assembly, setting forth their Grievances. The Act had proved of pernicious Con-

5 sequence to the Jews. Repeal of the said Act against the

ib. Jczvs.

Inheritance. See EJlale.

6 L.

ib. Laws.

7 Common Law of England, as far as unaltered by any written Laws of these Islandsj confirmed, or by A<St of Parliament extending to these Islands, is the Rule to determine Rights and Properties.

n° or the

Acts.

Claaft-j.

6

ib.

2 5 i

O

3

4

3i

O

Felony without Benefit of Clergy, to coin, faliify, impair, or diminish, leal, walh, clip, file, or lighten any of the Monies mentioned in the Act, or any other current Money in these Islands. 12

Fines. See Recoveries.

G.

GENERAL Councils and General Assemblies.

Governor, Council, and Allcmbly, to Order Secretary to take Freeholders Votes in each Island in their Presence, at Time and Place as Writs direct.

No Vote to.be taken but Freeholders.

Public Declaration to be made on whom Election falls.

Disputes in Elections to be determined by Governor, Council, and Allcmbly then present.

Laws and legal Customs of each Island to be of Force.

Five Persons to be chosen for each Island to serve as General Assembly Men.

No Member of General Council or Assembly fuable for Debt, (jfe. (except for Crimes against the Crown) for Ten Days before or after Session.

Each Member allowed 20s. per Day, from going off till Return, if no private Delay.

Each Island to bear the Charges of going from Island to Island.

28

2 ib. ib.

3 3

6

ib.

Lumber.

No Lumber merchantable but of the following Sizes:

Shingles 5 Inches £ broad, and 17 Inches long.

Boards 1 Inch thick.

Plank 2 Inches thick.

Staves 42 Inches long, and J of an Inch thick.

Lumber marked for more than the true Measure forfeited, and liable to be burnt.

On Complaint, Justice of Peace to issue Warrant toTwo or more Persons to view and measure it.

Persons to whom Warrant is directed, may enter Warehouse, fsV.

On Denial of Entrance may break Bar, Bolt, iyc. with Constable, and producing a Warrant.

Constables commanded to be aiding to Persons Warrant is di reeled to

Persons to obey the Warrant directed to them, but need not go above 5 Miles from Home.

Report to be made on the Back of the j Warrant. I

Lumber reported unmerchantable, to I be burnt by Order of Justice and Constable.

Penalty on Ships importing Lumber unfizcable.

/. r. d.~|

One thousand of Shingles, 060! One hundred Foot of Boards o 4 o 7 One hundred Foot of Plank, o 8 o One hundred of Staves, 04 o J Forfeitures

ib.

ib.

ib.

in

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

4

The TABLE.

Forfeitures to be paid into the Treasury, half for the public Use, and half to the Informer, after Constable is paid Six Shillings for each Warrant.

Ship not to depart till Payment.

Justice and Constable, or other Person neglecting Duty, to forfeit for each Offence, viz.

1. s.

Justice of Peace 500V

Constable 2 o oj

Penalty recoverable by any Person in Court of Record.

Provided Action be sued in 6 Months.

No Wager of Law allowed, and but one Imparlance.

Nr, of the Atts.

Clauses.

4

lb.

ib.

5

ib.

ib.

ib.

ATHS.

nijiers.

O. N'o'

the

See wore, Quakers and Mi-

Cl.mfes.

P.

RIVATEERS. Sec War. Qc

Quakers.

M.

]V1 I N I S T E R S.

Minister’s Stipend ibaoolb. of Sugar annually, and so in Proportion,

To be collected and raised as directed by Vestry Acts of each Island.

If more than a Year’s Stipend due, Seven Persons, or any Four to be commissioned by Commander in Chief, to act as a Vestry, and compel Payment.

When that is done, the Commission tt> be void.

If levied, Overplus to be returned to Churchwardens.

Commissioners may command the Sight of Parish Books, and fend for Persons and Papers.

Commissioner’s Oath to discharge the Trust reposed in him by the Commission.

Commissioners to execute Commission fully in 28 Days.

Marshal to attend Commissioners, and execute their Orders.

Commissioners to appoint Marshal reasonable Fees, to be paid by the Parish.

Marfllal neglecting his Duty, forfeits 200l. fullers Two Months Imprisonment, and rendered incapable.

Half of the Forfeiture to the Informer, half to the Poor.

Minister convicted before Governor and Council of the Istand where his Cure is, of habitual Immorality, &c. may be suspended from his Benefice.

Profits of Benefice go to the Parish.

Notice of Suspension, and Reasons, to be given to the Bishop of London, l'or his Directions.

Recital of Act of 7 £sf8 TV. 3. f»r allowing solemn Affirmation of .junkers, and the Continuance of it by 13 ES 14 /a: 3.

The said Act of 7 Iff 8 II\. 3. made ol Force in the Lccivard Islands.

27

1

2

33

2

ib.

R.

ECOVERIES Common, and Fines.

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib

3

.4

ib.

ib.

5

ib.

6 ’

ib.

Deed duly executed and acknowledged before Judge of Common-pleas in Eng-Itmd or Ireland, or in the Island where she Lands, Hereditaments, or Slaves do lie, as sufficient to bar Entails, Rights of Femes-covert, Dowers, Efe. as Fines or Recovery. 32

Provided the Wife be examined privately, whether she executes the Deed without Compulsion of her Husband, and be of full Age.

Exarniiintions and Acknowledgments to be indorsed and ligned by the Judge taking the same.

Deeds executed in England or Ireland, to be inrolled in the Court of Chancery of that Kingdom in Six Kalendar Months.

All Deeds to be inrolled at Length in Register’s or Secretary’s Office of that Island where the Estate lies.

Acknowledgment before a Judge, a good Proof of the Execution of the Deed.

The Record, Exemplification, or attested Copy, is good Evidence, if the original Deed be loft or millaid.

3

4

ib.

5

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

S.

Money i

Current Money;

SHINGLES. ' Sec Lumber. Scire facias. See Country Bonds. Soldiers. See War.

Slaves. See Lumber,

A Piece of Eight of Sevil, Mexico, and Pillar, and French Crown, to be current, each for Six Shillings,

A Peru Piece of Eight* Five Shillings.

1

All other Monies of those Coins shall in all Payments be proportionably rated, except the Eighth Part of a Peru Piece of Eight, called A Seven Pence Halfpenny Piece, which shall be current at Nine Pcncet

ib.

Supernumerary Arms.

Supernumerary Eire Arms to be found by Possessor of io Negroes.

For 20 Negroes, 2 Arms, for 30, 3 Arms, for 40, 4 Arms.

For every 30 Negroes, above the 40 Negroes, 1 Arm.

Length of Gun Foot in Barrel.

Bore of half the Guns to carry Balls of 18 to the Pound, the other hall to carry Balls of 12 to the Pound,

I i Each

24

2

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib,.

The T A B L B.

12 5

Each Gun to be of Thirty Shillings Value Sterling in England.

One Cartridge Box and Sixteen Cartridges to each. Gun, to be always ready.

Spare Screw?, Spring*, and Hammers, and Six sparc Klims to each Gun.

Colonel, iAc. to command Sight of fpnre Arms every Three Months at Place of Rendezvouz.

Person? summonnecl not fending-Arms to the Piece, forfeit 20s.

In Default of having Gun fixt, Use, to forfeit 3l.

On Alarms, Perfop.s to fend their Guns, c*«r. to the Parade appointed.

Officer receiving Arms, to give a Receipt for them.

Treasurer to pay Forty Shillings for Arm broken, on Officer's Certificate, and if unserviceable, as much as wilt repair it.

Forfeitures to be levied by Warrant from a Colonel, &i\

Field Marshal to execute Warrant by Distress and Sale of Goods.

In Default of Goods, Offender may be imprisonecl till Payment, by Governor’s Warrant to Marshal.

Colonel, &c% neglecting to inspe£l Arms every Three Months, may be mulcted 10L by Governor, to be levied by Governor’s Warrant to Marshal.

Forfeiture to be paid into the Treasury of each Island, to buy Arms and Ammunition.

W.

AR. St Arms.

e mire, Supernumerary

Upon Declaration of War, or Attack on one Island, the other Inlands to a fit ft.

Pay of Volunteer 9d, per Day, and a Month’s Fxovision.

of the Clauses. Ofllcers Pay in Proportion to regular

A As. 2 Troups. Ycfll-ls for Transporiion to be at Ex-

ib. pence of the liland where Soldiers inhabit.

ib. Number of Officers and Soldier? appointed by Governor, Council, and Af-lembly of each Jfiund.

3 Exportation, Procifion, and Pay at immediate Charge of liland fending.

ib. Maintenance of Prisoners of War ar immediate Charge of Island lent to.

ib. Pri Toners to be font to such Place as Governor in Chief thinks fit, at like-

ib. Charge, 'Phe whole Charges to be brought every

4- Two Years to General Account. Antigua to allow five Twelfths, ddevis four, PiiontJa'i\it two, and St. Chrtjiopker*

ib. Sufficient Fund to be raised in each liland, annually to pay their

5 Ti c solemn Promise to perform the Clauses in this A6E

ib. Each Island may fit out Privateers at their own Cost. The Island fitting out, to be the Port

ib. for bringing Prizes to Privateer forced into another Island, to be courtcouily treated and supplied with Neccflhrics.

ib. Loss or Damage by Enemy’s Landing, csV. made good out of Treasury of the Island where it happens.

ib. Damage to be settled by 3 Freeholders, by Order of Governor, Council, and Assembly. No Damage allowed for Losses in Towns, except for Houses and Negroes. Effects removed for Security to any Island, not liable to any ’ Debts before contracted, till 3 Months after War

23 O ended. Except for Debts contracted after Im-

, ib. portation.

N* of Claufi.3 (he I

a£1\ ]

ib.

ib. . ib.

3

ib.

4-

ib.

5

ib.

6

ib.

ib.

7

ib.

S

9

ib.

CrtS'

& iyT5/f

«-:>» % Sf # item? K. HlNDIWATvSH,

*>' al0

THE

THE

LAWS

O F

Montserrat

From 1741, to 1788

L 0 .N D 0 N: Printed in the Year 1790.

THE

LAWS

OF THE

I S LAND

O F

Montserrat.

124.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon Whites and Slaves, and

- to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth. tl^TsTn'j

60 Years of

Age, and on all Slaves* Assessmeuf' of 8ol*

An Act for the more speedy recovering certain Debts becoming due Jf f ' to Per fans trading to this Island ^Montserrat. Expired.*

J K k An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

136

0° 126.

Expired. 5*. 6d. on Whites between 16 and Oo V ears of

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Tozun of Plymouth, and Parts adjacent.

Age, and on all Slaves. AffoUincntV

1742. An Act for appointing Samuel Martin, Junior, Esquire, Agent

}27- for this If and, and for providing a Recompence for his txpired. Trotible.

743 .> 128,

Expired. ys. on \Vhilcs between 16 and 60 Years of Age, and on all Slaver. Assessment

tool.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

17 44-0° 129-

Expired. An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Whites and Slaves, whites be- and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts

tween *6 7* j.

and 60 Years CKydCent*

of Agt, and on all Slave's.

Assessmerit

306l.

*744- to prohibit, during the Continuation of this present War

0° 130. with France, the Exportation of all Sorts of Corn, Grain, Rice,

Exp"cd' Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Butter, Tallow, Beef, Pork, Bacon, Her-

rings, Salt Fish., Lumber, and Train Oil.

An

II -

The LAPPS of MONT S':EJR RAT. 131

An Act for seizing and purchasvg any Lands to ereEt Public Buildings upon for the Defence of this If and, and also for making any inland Trenches, Breast Works, or other Military Works, upon any Land whatsoever.

1744-

Expired*

An Act for the more effectual fortifying thi-s If and.

1745*

0° 132-

Expired*

1746.

-. 0° 133.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Whites and Slaves,

and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts whites be-

7 -/ w/ / tween 16

adjacent. and Go Years

of Age, and

on allSlaves*

Assessment

6oolm

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

1747.

0° 134.

Expired.

3 27. on every Slave. Assessment 300l.

An Act to prevent the carrying off any Person or If and without a lawful Ticket.

WHEREAS frequent and great Losses happen by the clandestine ’ v carrying off the Inhabitants and other People, their Negroes and Substance from this IHand, without Security being given in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, which Pra£lice tends greatly to the Injury of

the

132 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

i i the Trade and Credit of the fame; for Prevention therefore of any future

, a740. eyii Consequences of that Sort, we. Your Majesty's most dutiful and obe-"v dient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of these Your Majesty's Leeward Chanbbcc Islands in America, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council and Assembly of this Island, do pray Your Most Sacred Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Publication of this Act, no Captain, Commander, or Skipper of any Ship, Sloop, Bark, or other Vessel whatever, that shall come to an Anchor at or within any of the Roads, Bays, or Shipping Places of this Jstand, shall depart from the same without first having given Security in the Secretary’s Office by Bond, payable to His Majesty and His Successors, in the Sum of One Thousand Five Hundred Pounds current Money, with the following Condition, (viz.) That the above bound A.B. shall not transport or carry away from off this Island in his Vessel, C. any Person or Persons whatever, their Negroes or Effects, without a lawful Ticket first had and obtained from out. of the Secretary’s Office, under the Hands of his Excellency the General, the Lieutenant-general, Lieutenant-governor, or PresidenE of the said Island presiding thereon for the Time being, then the said Obligation to be void, or else to remain in full Force and Virtue in Law; and the said Captain is hereby required to produce a Certificate thereof to the proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs of this Island, appointed to grant Permits for the Sailing of Vessels therefrom, which said Bond shall be in Force, and suffice for such Vessels for the Space of Twelve Months next after signing and sealing thereof; provided the Captain signing the said Bond do remain in said Vessel, or that said Vessel do not go out of this Government within the Time aforesaid: And the Gunners of the several Forts and Batteries in this Island, or their lawful Deputy, are hereby authorized, impowered, and required, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money, besides full Damages to the Party aggrieved, to detain and keep all such Vessels so coming to an Anchor under their respective Forts or Batteries, until such Permit shall be produced unto him or them by the Master, Commander, or Skipper of such Vessels, from such Officer of the Customs as aforesaid; which said Officer of the Customs, or any Person for him, shall not grant any such Permit for Sailing, until such Certificate be granted and produced from the Secretary’s Office aforesaid, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money, besides full Damages to the Party aggrieved, for every such Permit to be granted by such Officer of the Customs, or any other Person; the said Penalty to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Records in this Island. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, that it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Courts of King’s-bench and Common-pleas within this Island, and they and every of them are hereby required upon the Petition of any Persons aggrieved, by the carrying off any Person or Persons from this If land without a lawful Ticket, to issue forth a Scire facias against such Matter, Skipper, or other Persons taking Charge of any Vessel which hath carried off any Person as aforesaid, his or their Security of Securities, or either of them, commanding him or them to appear at the next Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas of this Island, to shew Cause why he or they do not satisfy such Damage, or else why Judgment shall not be entered ' for His Majesty for the Penalty of the said Bond: And be it, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of such Court, upon the said Master, Skipper, or other Person, his or their Security or Securities giving Security in the Court to the Party

or

133

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

or Parties damnified, lo pay his or their Damage in such reasonable Timeas <-

the Judges of the said Court then presentshall think fit, and to order the said Scire facias to be for that Time wholly withdrawn, and no further Proceedings v’

shall from thenceforth be had upon the fame Scire facias; and upon Default of the Party or Parties giving Security as aforesaid, the said Judges shall proceed to Judgment on the said Scire facias, but no Execution to Hue out thereupon before the Person or Persons aggrieved shall, by Scire facias, summon the Person or Persons against: whom the Judgment aforesaid is obtained, to appear and shew Cause why Execution should not issue upon the said Judgment; and if the Person in the said Scire facias shall duly prove, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more lawful Witness, what Damages he or they hath fullained, and thereupon a Verdict be found for him or them, the Judge or Judges shall in such Gale award Execution for so much as the Jury shall find, and no more, and the said . former Judgment is hereby declared Hill to remain-cautionary for Two Years, and no longer, for the Satisfaction of such other of His Majesty's Subjects as shall legally prove themselves damnified, and recover Damages as aforesaid : Provided always, That unless the said Country Bonds, or any of them, are prosecuted and sued within Two Years next after the Cause of Action accruing to any Person or Persons as aforesaid, that they and every of them not sued in the said Time shall be void and of none Effect, as if they had never been made; any Law, Custom, or Usage whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding: And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines that shall arise from the Breach of Duty, in any of the Officers aforesaid, fit all be to the Use of His Majesty and his Successors, for the keeping in Repair the Forts and Fortifications of this Hand, and shall be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, to be brought and executed in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in this Hand, dated in Montferr at this Fifth Day of Auguf, in the Year of our Lord God One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty-eight, and in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland., King, Defender of the Faith, &c.

Read and passed the Assembly this"! rRead and passed the Council this

Thirtieth Day of July. 1748. M Thirtieth Day of July, 1748.

Wm. Fox, Clerk of the Assembly. Sam. Frith, Secretary and Clerk

J L of the Council,

John JDavis Molineux, Spr.

Faffed by the ChiefGo-vernorthis Fifth Day of Aitgujl, 174.8.

William Q G. S.

Montserrat, Auguf 25th, 1748, this Day the above Act was published, per Tho. Dorsett, Mathew. D. P. Mar.

Monferrat, Recorded the foregoing and examined with the Original, this 25th Day of Auguf, 1748,

Samuel Frith, D, Secretary.

134

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1748.

l-~'v '1

13 5-

Rcjeileci by the King in Council.

An Act to regulate the Ajjhnbly of this Island, and the Elections of the Members thereof \

*748. *37-

iixpirea.

An Act for the morefpeedy recovering certain Debts becoming due to Persons trading to this Island of Montserrat.

*749-

2° *38- An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax l?ave.cvcry the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

-Assessment J J J

400 u

*749- An Act for appointing Henry Willmott, Esquire, Agent for Expired" this Island, and for providing a Recompence for his Trouble.

*749-0° 140.

Expired.

AH AH to prevent the Abuses in carrying on the Inland Trade of

this Island.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

135

An Ml to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

Expired* 3j. (id. on every Slave* AiTciltnent 360l.

*75°*

An Act for the Relief of indigent Debtors. 142-.

An Act for the Performance of specifc Agreements. 143,

H E RE AS the welfare of this Island greatly depends upon the Credit gained from the Merchants of Great Britain, and others residing amongst us and elsewhere; and whereas Nothing can conduce more towards the Preservation of such Credit, than by passing of Laws to secure the Payment of Monies lent and advanced by such Persons: We therefore, Your Majesty's moll, dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief of all Your Majesty's Leezoard Charibbee Blands in America, the Council and Assembly of Montjcrrat, do pray Your Most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where a Suit shall be brought for any Monies lent or advanced in Great Britain, or elsewhere, after the Publication hereof, if it is for Sterling Money, the Jury shall find a Ver-diil for Sterling Money and settle the Exchange, and reduce the Sterling Money into Gold and Silver current Money, according to the belt Exchange then going in this Island, and shall allow Interest agreeable to the Contrail, if Interest thereon lawfully made payable in the Contrail, and if not, then allow Int.erect at Five per Cent, from the Day such Monies were lent or advanced, if lent or advanced in Great Britain, but if advanced in this Island or elsewhere, shall allow lawful Interest from the Day of such Monies being lo lent or advanced, and if it be for Gold or Silver Money lent or advanced in this Island or elsewhere, then the Jury shall find a Verdiil for Gold or Silver Money, and shall allow Interest agreeable to such Con trail: And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Creditor does not relide in this Island, but doth actually pay Factorage for the receiving and remitting the Debt, the Jury shall conli-der and allow in Damage against the Defendant, such Failorage at the Rate of Five per Cent, and no more. Provided always, That no such Factorage shall be allowed where the Debt arose for Slaves fold in this Island, because the Factorage mull be considered to have been made good in the Price, nor shall any Failorage be allowed upon a Bill of Exchange protelled, because Ten perCcnt. Damage thereon in Gross is given by the

Cullom.

36

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

-A-—> Custom of Merchants besides Interest, but. the Jury shall find what is due 1739- , for Principal distinctly, and settle the Interest and Damages separately, and ~'Y' Judgment dial I be.eniered foi;the whole Sum together, also with the grow-; ing Interest on the principal Sum only according to the Rate the Jury allowed .Interest,which shall run till paid, besides ul’ual Colls of Suit; and all i Judgments on Suits /or Sterling Money, or Gold or Silver Monies ad-"• , vanced or lent, shall be entered for the Species of Gold and Silver current

' Monies' expressly; and where the Debt is secured by a Penalty, the Verdict aiTfl; shall.Ma IJotice of it, and the Execution accordingly to

expressythe fame poliielevied in Gold and Silver Money. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where on an Action of Debt 911 Bond or other Specialty Judgment shall go by Default or by Confession o-v against the Defendant, the Factorage shall be ft tiled by the Judges of the.

' T. said Court immediately, as Toon as the Judgment is entered at the Rate before mentioned, and no otherwise, which shall be paid by the Defendant; and if such Suit shall be for Sterling Money, then the said Judges shall reduce,such S tcoeli ng Money into the current Gold or Silver Money at the higKeft Exchange then governing, and Judgment shall be entered for the fame,-’any Tiling herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Executions upon Judgments obtained lor Gold and Silver cur-, rent Monies shall be as follows: George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, See, To the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy greeting; Whereas at our Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas held at the Town of Plymouth ip.Jhe aforesaid Island, Judgment was obtained against si- B- at the

S,u;it:of C.D. for Gold and Silver current Money; these are

therefore to command you to levy of the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of the said A.B. sufficient to satisfy the said Plaintiff, and the Sum of for Costs of Suit, and the fame you are

to expose to Sale for Gold and Silver current Money; and for Want of such Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, then you are hereby commanded to take the Body of the said A.B. and him in safe Custody to keep, until the said Debt and Costs in Gold and Silver Money as aforesaid be duly satisfied; and have you this Writ duly executed before our Justices at our Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, to be held for . this Island at the Town of Plymouth, on the Day of

now next ensuing. Witness (E. F.) Esquire, of our said Court, this Day of

in the Year of our Reign. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sales whatsoever, by Virtue or in Consequence of such Execution, shall be for Gold or Silver Monies, and no other Specie; and the Marshal or his Deputy shall mention in all Publications or such Sale, that the Sales are for Gold or Silver Money, and no other Species, nor shall he receive any other Specie than Gold or Silver Money, and shall pay the same Specie to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Execution,under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money oi Montferr at, to be recovered in the aforesaid Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, upon Confession of the Party, or upon lawful Evidence, to be divided by the Judges of the said Court as follows, that is to lay, the one Moiety to the Person aggrieved, and the other. Moiety to the Poor of said Island. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Judgment shall be entered for the Specie of Gold and Silver Money on any Suit that shall be commenced on any Contrabl for Goods and Merchandize fold in this Island, except Negro Slaves, any Thing herein before contained to-

the

137

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. Dated in Montserrat < V— this Seventh Day of March, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of . 175°’ , our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the Year of our Lord One Thoufana Seven Hundred and Fifty.

Read and passed the Assembly this") fRead and passed the Council this Twenty-seventh Day of February \ Twenty-seventhDay of February

}75°- . , X 175°-

Peirce Richard Cooke, Clerk of the f Sam. Frith, D. Secretary.

Assembly. J [_

John Davis Molineux, Speaker of the Assembly.

Passed by the Commander in Chief this Seventh Day of March, *7 SO-

Gilb.

c

G. S.

Fleming.

Montserrat, 23d March, 1750. This Act was published, per Thomas Dorset, D. P. Mh

Recorded the foregoing, and examined with the Original this 3d Day of April, 1751.

Samuel Frith, D. Secretary.

2752:

An Act to raise ct Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax the Hotfes in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

Assessment

350l.

An Act intituled an Act to repeal an Act, intitided. An Act for *752" settling the Militia of this Islands. and also for the better 1^° Regulation of the Militia.

117 H E RE AS by an Act, intituled, An Act for the regulating the Mi- litice of this Island, it is enacted, That every Person of whatever Degree, residing upon this Island, from the Age of Sixteen Years to Sixty, Ihau be inlisted in either the Infantry or Cavalry, which said Act by Experience is. found by every Lover of his Country to be so very infufheient,

M m that

138

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

[Preamble.]

Repeal.

Troop to consist of 50 Privates at Icaft.

Infantry to consist of 5 Companies.

that without some speedy and effectual Means are taken, we shall unavoidably fall a Sacrifice to the fir It Invader-, for Prevention whereof, we, your Majesty's most loyal, dutiful, and obedient Subjects, the Commander in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward L'haribbce Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, humbly pray your moll Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enafied atrd ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Publication of this Act, the aforesaid Act, with all Things therein contained, shall be entirely and to all Intents and Purposes repealed, made void, and of none Effect. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, our Militia from henceforward shall be under the following Regulations, and formed into Infantry and Cavalry, the Cavalry to confill of Fifty private Men at least, besides Officers, who shall be chosen by the Colonel of the Troop, or the Commanding Officer for the Time being, out of the People of the Island, of the bell Circumstances and Fortunes; and the Infantry to be formed into one Regiment, which Regiment is to confill of Five Companies; in consequence of which Plymouth Town Company and Kingsale Company shall- be incorporated into one, the Two- W indward Companies shall be incorporated into one, and the White River and Pcdmato Point Companies shall be likewise incorporated into one, and the other Two Companies known by the Names or Northward Company and Old Road Company, to continue and remain upon the fame Footing as before the making of this Law. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, TIhat no Person whatsoever, except such as are by this Act excepted, from the Age of Sixteen Years to Sixty Years, shall remain unfilled under the Captain of their respective Places of their Abode, in Horse or Foot, for the Space of Four Weeks after the Publication of this Act, under the Penalty hereafter mentioned for being absent, provided such Person be first duly summoned by the Officer, whole Duty it is to summons him; and in Cafe any Officer, whole Duty it is to infill any of the before-mentioned Persons, in either Horse or Foot, shall so far neglect his Duty in this Point, as to fulfer any Person in this Island to remain unfilled for th.e Space of Four Weeks, except such as are by this Act excepted, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds current Money. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each Officer of the Troop shall be cloatlied with Scarlet faced with Blue, and the Officers of the Foot shall be cloathed with Biue faced with Scarlet, and every Trooper with a plain Blue Cloth Coat, and shall be furnished with a good Horse of Twenty-five Pounds Value, with a Saddle, a Blue Houling, Holflers, and Blue Holller Caps, Breast Plate, Crupper, and Curb Bridle, a Carbine, with Belt, Bucket, and Sling, and Cartridge Box, to hold Twenty-four Cartridges, which shall be filled and brought into the Field every Alarm and Meeting Day, a Pair of Pistols of the lame Bore with the Carbine, Boots fit to walk in as well as ride, with Spurs, and a broad cutting Sword; and the Foot or Infantry shall be provided with a good Firelock and a iizeable Cartridge Box to" the Firelock, to hold Twenty-four Cartridges, which shall be filled and brought into the Field on every Alarm and on every Muller Day, and also a Ball Bag; and whereas there may be many Persons who are not at present provided with the proper Accoutrements, as is before directed, both among the Horse and Foot, it is the Intent and Meaning of this Act, that such Persons shall be allowed Six Months from the Publication of this Act, to equip, accouter, and arm themselves as this Act directs; and also that all Persons that shall be hereafter infilled, shall be equipped as before directed

within

Penalty on Officers nc-gletting to summon for proper Persons to serve in the Mili-

Cloathing and Accoutrement*

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

i39

1752-

within Six Months from the Time of their being so inlisted, and onFailure thereof, at the Expiration of the said Six Months shall be liable and, subject to all the Penalties that are or shall be appointed by this Act for such Default. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on any Invasion or Alarm, the Place, or Parade, and Rendezvous, shall be appointed by the Commander in Chief on the IHand, and that the ordinary Meetings to Exercise, shall be once in every Month at the usual Place of Exercise, before the making of this Act, provided that the Place of Meeting of each Company be within it’s own District; and whosoeyer appears not on the Parade or Place of Meeting by Eight o’Clock in the Morning, shall be esteemed absent, and incur the Penalties inflicted by this Act on Absentees; and the Cavalry shall be obliged to be at their Time or Parade or usual Place of Exercise by Eight of the Clock in the Morning, cetins' once in every Month, viz. on the First Saturday in each and every Month, and ever}' Trooper that shall come after Eight o’Clock shall be deemed absent, and incur the Penalties inflicted by this Act on Absentees. And that such Meeting may be of Service to the rendering both Cavalry and Infantry expect and perfect in the Use of their respective Arms, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act. there shall be nominated by the Commander in Chief of the Leeward Islands for the Time being, a Provost of the Troop of Horse, and an Adjutant of the Regiment of Foot, which said Provost and Adjutant shall, at every Monthly Meeting, make the Men under their respective Commands go through their Manual Exercise, and such other proper Evolutions as the Commanding Officer in the Field shall order and di-rest, under the Penalty of Forty-two Shillings current Money; and if any Officer or Soldier flrall endeavour to revenge himself on his Superior, for having obliged him to do his Duty, he shall be punished at the Diferetiora of a Court Martial, which said Court Martial shall at all Times consist of officers*nc-not less than Nine Commissioned Officers, the President of which said ceflaryto Court shall at all Times be a Field Officer: And whereas several Persons have evaded coming to their Monthly Exercise, and others even being t;°b" lifted, by {hifdng from Pariftt to Parish, be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person lifted as directed by this Act shall depart from the Company in which he was first inlisted, without giving Notice thereof to his Captain or Commanding Officer, and that the Captain or Commander of such and every Company shall every Three Months make deligent Search and Inquiry in their respective Divisions, whether all be duly lifted, armed, and equipped, as by this Act is appointed, and shall return upon Oath to the Governor or Commander of the Military Forces of this Island for the Time being, a just and true Account every Three Months of all Defaulters herein, under the Penalty of Five Pounds current Money for every such Offence; and whereas one of the principal Intentions of this Act is to prevent both Officers and Soldiers From being absent on Muster Days, or Days of Exercise, in Order thereto, be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Field Officers of Foot shall once in every Three Months visit and review the several Companies on their respective Days of Meeting, under the Penalty of Three Pounds current Money of the said Island of Montserrat, for every such Neglect:; and that every Captain and Lieutenant of each Company that shall be absent from his Duty on Days of Muster, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings like Money for every Neglect of Duty; and that Penalty on every Ensign of each Company that shall be absent from his Duty on Days of Muster, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings like Money; and if the Adjutant shall be absent from his Duty on the Days of Muster, he

140 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

shall forfeit the Sum of Three Pounds current Money for every Neglect of Duty; and that the Colonel, Lieutenant Colonel, and Major of the v Troop being absent on Meeting Days, shall for every such Neglect forfeit the Sum of Three Pounds like Money each; and that the Captain and Cornet of the Troop being absent on the Meeting Days, shall for every such Neglect forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings like Money each; and if the Provost shall be absent from his Duty on the Meeting Days, he shall forfeit the Sum of Three Pounds current Money for every such Neglect. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Trooper that shall on Meeting Days be absent frorii his Duty, shall forfeit Penalty on the Sum of Thirty Shillings and Four Pence current Gold and Silver gtngSto" Money aforesaid, and every Serjeant, Corporal, or Foot Soldier, the Sum the Foot.be- of Six Shillings like Money : And whereas there are by Virtue of this Act ingabient. foveral Fines and Forfeitures imposed on the Officers, both of Infantry and Cavalry, as also on the Troopers and Private Men, without allowing any excuse for their Non-attendance in Case of Accidents; be it there-ImvhatCafcs fore enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That where any of b^remiued, the Officers, Troopers, or Private Men aforesaid, are hindered from attending on their respective Duties, by being Members of either Council or Assembly, and summoned to meet the Council or Assembly, or being under Necessity of attending any public Duty, or in Case of Sickness, or being hindered by Rains, or the violent Running of the Rivers or Gutts, that in such Cases the Person or Persons so hindered or retarded, upon Oath made thereof shall be exempted from the several Fines and Forfeitures inffifted by this Act for Non-attendance or Neglect of Duty; and all Persons in the Cavalry appearing on their Muller or Field Days, not being completely armed according to this Act, shall for Default of the Fine on not fame forfeit the Sum of Thirty Shillings and Four Pence, like Gold or perfyarmed Silver Money; and every Foot Soldier appearing on their Muller or and accou- Field Days, not being completely armed according to this Act, shall for tred. Default of the fame, forfeit the Sum of Six Shillings current Money : And in Order that the above-mentioned Fines against all Persons appearing* and not being completely armed and accoutred according to this Act* as well as against all Absentees on their Field Days, or Days of Muller; and in Order that all Fines may be strictly levied, according to the true Intention of this Act, without Affection or Prejudice to any Man; be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Provost of the Cavalry, and the Adjutant of the Foot, shall on every Mutter or Meeting Day call over the Lift or Muller Rolls of their respective Troop and Companies, and make out a faithful and true Lift, as well of every Officer as of every private Man, who shall not be accoutred as directed by this Act, or shall be absent from his Duty at such Meetings or Muller Days, and at the Hours appointed by this Act, and shall deliver the fame upon Oath to the President, or in his Absence to the next Commanding Officer for the Time being. And be it further enacted by the K)"b f Authority aforesaid, That the Commander in Chief on the Island, for the

ed. eimp°' Time being, shall within Six Days after issue out his Warrant directed to the Person who returned the said Lift or Muster Roll, against every Person mentioned in the said Lift for each Neglect, whether superior Officers or inferior Officers, directed to the aforesaid Provost or Adjutant, to levy of the Goods and Chattels of each and every Offender mentioned in the said Lift, and the same to expose to public Sale the Third Day after such Levy made, to satisfy their respective Fines forfeited by this Act, unless he or they so offending, being an Officer of the Troop, or a Trooper, shall within Three Days after Levy have paid his Fine to the Provost of the

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 141

Troop, who took Account of the lame; or being an Officer or Soldier of r-

the Foot, shall within Three Days after Levy have paid his Fine to the 175£y_, Adjutant of the Foot, who took Account of the fame; and in Case of v" Forfeitures of the Provoll of the Troop or Adjutant of the Foot, for not meeting on the Meeting Days, the same shall be collected in the same Manner (as the Provost and Adjutant are to collect them from the Officers and Private Men) by the Cornet of the Troop and Serjeant of the Foot. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Foot Soldier shall not have wherewithal to satisfy the Fines and Forfeitures incurred by the Violation of this Act, then it shall be in the Power of the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Company to which he belongs, to inflict corporal Punishment on the Offender, by making him ride the Wooden Horle, or by tying him Neck and Heels, or picketing him, provided that he be not pumshed for a longer Time than Ten Minutes; and in Cafe any Captain or Commanding Officer shall be of Opinion, that the Default or Want of Accoutrements in any Soldier in his Company, arises from Necessity, and real Inability to provide the proper Habiliments as directed by this Act, he shall report the fame and every such like Cafe to the Commander in Chief for the Time being, and follow his Directions therein, under the Penalty of Five Pounds current Money for each Offence. And be it hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer,

Trooper, and Foot Soldier, shall on every Alarm, as soon as ever he shall hear the fame, equip himselfwith all Diligence as by this Act directed, and repair within the Space of Four Hours to the Place of Rendezvous, appointed by the Commander in Chief on the Island, by the Advice of a Council of War, and in Cafe he shall not know where the Place of Rendezvous is appointed, he shall repair directly to the Town of Plymouth for Intelligence; and whatever Officer, Trooper, or Soldier, either in the Cavalry or Infantry, shall not appear on an Alarm within Four Hours, either at the Place of Rendezvous, or in Case of Ignorance of that, at the Town of Plymouth, shall, besides the Penalty inflicted by this Act, be liable to Eight Days Imprisonment, or shall suffer any lesser Punishment as a Court Martialshall think jit to inflict,. Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That whatever Person or Persons shall be commissioned by his Excellency the General, or the Commander in Chief for Penary outlie Time being, and shall have accepted of such Commission, shall not i^ni^gwith-. quit or lay down the said Commission, except by special Leave or Permis- out Leave, lion from the Commander in Chief for the Time being, under the Penalty of Forty Pounds current Money for every Colonel, Thirty-five Pounds current Money for every Lieutenant Colonel, Thirty Pounds current Money for every Major, Twenty-five Pounds current Money for every Captain, Twenty Pounds current Money for every Lieutenant, Twenty Pounds current Money for every Cornet, Fifteen Pounds current Money for every Ensign; which said several Fines for quitting or laying down without special Leave or Permission from the Commander in Chief for the Time being, shall be sued for and recovered in any Court of Record Howto be within the said Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information; the one Moiety to aPPlled-his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied as is herein after directed, the other Moiety to the Commander in Chief of the Island for the Time being; but in Case of an Invasion, or the actual Appearance of an Enemy before this Island, or in Case of any Insurrection, whatsoever Officer, either in Horse or Foot, shall on any Score lay down his Commission in such Circumstance, before the Enemy is gone or such Insurrection is quieted, shall, besides the Forfeitures above-mentioned, be liable to such Pain and Penalty as shall be inflicted by a Court Martial; and to prevent being surprized by an Enemy, be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority

i42

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1752-——

Alarm.

Penalty on making t'Afe Alarms.

Penalty on Commanding Officers neglecting to 1» ttie proper Guards. How to be applied.

Guards when to be visited.

And by whom.

Penalty on Negligence while on Guird.

aforesaid, That upon the Appearance of Three Topsail Vessels, or any Five Vessels being seen together handing in towards the Island, or hovering in a suspicious Manner about it, that an Alarm lha.ll be immediately made from the nearest Fort or Battery, by firing Two Guns at about a Minute’s Distance from each other, which laid Alarm shall be immediately followed by the nearest Fort or Battery, and so quite round the Island; and in Order to forward the said Alarm through the Country with the moll Expedition, every Planter or House-keeper shall immediately cause a Conklhell to be blowed, one of which Shells every House-keeper or Planter is hereby obliged to keep by them for that Purpose, under the Penalty of Five Pounds current Money, or else to fire two Imall Arms if they be readied at Hand: and in Default of either blowing the Conk-lliell or firing the two linall Arms, he or they so offending shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds current Money for each Negleli; and if at. any Time the Commanding Officer of the Island shall fee jult Cause to make an Alarm, the said Alarm, wherever begun by his Order, shall be followed and continued through the Island, as is above directed in the Cafe of an Invasion, or the Appearance of any Enemy: And to prevent all Mischiefs that may happen from the riling of Negroes in the Night Time, or from an Enemy’s Landing at any unguarded Place or Bay, and that no one may from hence take Occasion to spread groundless Terrors through the Island, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. If any Person or Persons shall raise or begin any groundless Alarm, upon Information made thereof to the Commander in Chief for the Time being, he shall cause the said Offender or Offenders to be taken up and brought to Trial before a Court Martial, and upon Conviction of railing or beginning any groundless Alarm, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and on Failure thereof shall suffer One Month’s Imprisonment, without Bail or Mainprize, the one Moiety of which said Forfeitures shall be for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied for the Use of the Forts and Fortifications of this Island, and to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being, the other Moiety to the Commander on the Island for the Time being. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer commanding under the Commander in Chief of this Island for the Time being, shall, in Time of War or any other Danger, negiecl to appoint or settle such Guards, and in such Places as shall be thought proper by the said Commander in Chief, after having had due Notice thereof from the said Commander in Chief, shall forfeit for every Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds current Money, the one Moiety t.o be applied for the Use of the Forts and Fortifications of this Island, and to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer for the Time being as aforesaid, the other Moiety to the Commander on the Island for the Time being: and for the more effectual preventing any Negligence in the aforesaid Guards, the said Guards shall be duly and conllantly visited every Night in the Manner following, (that is to say) the Commanding Officer of the Troop or Cavalry shall ever)'Night, in Time of any Danger, and more especially in Time of War, appoint Rounds to be rid to all the Guards, which Rounds shall consist of Three of the Troop at leall, and every Commissioned Officer in the Cavalry shall in his Turn ride the Rounds with the said Troopers, to visit the said Guards, and shall examine each respective Guard, and if they find any Person appointed to Guard absent, or being on said Guard any Ways negligent in his Duty, or not being fully equipped and accoutred as this Act directs, they shall report the fame the next Day to the Commanding Officer of the Island for the Time being, who shall immediately issue his Warrant to the Adjutant to bring the Offender or Offenders

*43

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

tiers before him, and if it shall appear that the said Report made against <-'*'--1

him or them is true, the Offender or Offenders shall forfeit for such Of- , 1752, l fence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Warrant of Distress v' from the said Commanding Officer on the Island for the Time being. How to be directed to said Adjutant to be levied on the said Offender or Offenders levie Goods and Chattels, and the fame immediately to expose to public Sale jopUed>be to satisfy the said Forfeiture, which Forfeiture shall be for the Use 1 and Benefit of the Person who made the Information; but in Case the said Offender or Offenders shall not have wherewithal to satisfy the said Forfeiture, it. may and shall be lawful for the said Commander in Chief to punish the said Offender or Offenders, either by tying him Neck and Heels, mounting him on the Wooden Horse, or picqueting him, so that the_ said Punishment shall not exceed the Space of Ten Minutes; and whatever Officer of the Cavalry or Trooper that shall be appointed to ride the Rounds shall neglect riding in his Turn, shall for each Night forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds current Money, to be levied by Warrant from under the Hand and Seal of the Commander in Chief of the Island for the Time being, directed to the Provost to be levied on the Offender or Offenders Goods and Chattels, and the fame immediately to expose to public Sale to satisfy the said Forfeiture, to be disposed of as hereafter di-re£led. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel whatsoever lying or being in any of the Roads or Bays of this Island after the Setting of the Sun, to fire any Salutes or Guns whatsoever, except they shall apprehend any Danger by any Vessel coming in, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds current Money for every such Offence. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Clause shall not extend to any Captain or Officers of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or any Master of any other Vessel for their firing at setting the Watch at Eight of the Clock at Night. And whereas several Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, are by this Act laid and imposed on all Persons belonging to the Cavalry or Infantry, who shall be absent from their Duty on Days of Muller, and no Provision being hitherto made how long they shall be continued under Arms at. such Days of Muster, when they are met together for the Direction thereof; be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the Command- kccm'ngMcn ing Officer in the Field on such Days of Muster, to keep his or their under Arms Men under Arms for any longer Space of Time than Four Hours, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds current Money; but in all Cafes of Alarm than^0"6* upon Invasion or Insurreciion, all Persons whatsoever obliged by this Hours.

Act to repair to the Place of Rendezvous, appointed by the Commanding Officer of the Island for the Time being, or in Case of Ignorance of such Place of Rendezvous, to the Town of Plymouth, to be informed thereof, shall continue under Arms as long as the Commanding Officer on the Island for the Time being, shall find it necessary for the Safety of the Island; and every Person who shall depart from his Duty, desert his Poll, or quit his Colours, before the whole be discharged by the said Commanding Officer on the Island for the Time being, shall forfeit Five Pounds current! Money for each Offence, or be tied Neck and Heels, or ride the Wooden Horse, not exceeding Ten Minutes. And whereas it may be of great Service in Case of an Invasion or InsurreHion, for the Safety of this Island, that the Commanding Officers of the Cavalry and Infantry should form themselves into a Court Martial, to try and judge of such Offence as they are or shall be impowered by this Acti to determine; be it therefore, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commander in Chief on the Island for the Time being, shall on every call Courts

Occasion Martial*

144

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Occasion that shall require the Decision of a Court Martial, call such

Court Martial together for that Furpole, of which laid Court Martial the Secretary of Secretary of this Island for the Time being shall be Judge Advocate, and tiiisiilandto upon his refusing to atl as this Act directs, that he mall be subject to and 'judge'Ad- "icur dm Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money, and in Case of his vacate. Inability of paying the said Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money, then !’c"a!'y on and in such Case he shall suffer Three Months dole Imprisonment in his acia to Majesty's Gaol of this Island; and where any Officer that shall be ap-s;,me Penal- pointed by the Commander in .Chief to lit as a Member of the said Court ty to Ik in- Martial, shall neglect fitting and giving his Attendance until the said any Officer Court shall be discharged, shaft be subject to the like Fine or Imprison-refu!ing to ment as is herein expressed against the Judge Advocate, which said Fine shall be recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record within this recovered! Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, by the Treasurer of the Island for and howto the Time being; and the aforesaid Fine shall be for the Use of the Public be applied. Df thjg Island, each of the Members of which said Court Martial shall take nkcn'b bthe lhe following Oath : "I (A. B.) do/wear, that I will duly adminster Justice Officers^e according to an Act, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act for settling the the Court Militia of this Island, and also for the better regulating the Militia thereof Martial. j-Qr ^/i6, punijjlmeni of Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection; and f any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Act, according to my Conscience and the bef of my Ui i da ft an ding; and I do f urther swear, that I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court, until it shall be approved by the General or Commander in Chief of all the Islands, or the Commander in Chief of this Island; neither will I upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, difcloj'c the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice, in due Course of Lazo: So help me God." And as soon as the said Oath shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate the following Oath: cc/( A. B.) do fiuear, that I will not divulge the Sentence of voefte. the Court, until it shall be approved of by the Captain General or Commander in Chief of all the Islands, or by the Commander in Chief of this Island, and that I zoill not upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, difclqfe or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice, in a due Course of Law: So help me God," And in Trials of (Offenders by Courts Martial to be held by Virtue of this Act, every Officer present at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had there-upon,shall take the following Oath before the Court and Judge Advocate, who are hereby authorized to administer the same in thele Words, (that is to say) " You shall well and Lrzdy try and determine according to your Evidence in the Matter note before you, between our Sovereign Lora the King’s Majesty, and the Prisoner to be tried: So help you God." And every Court Martial shall have Power, during the Time of an actual In vafion or Insurrection, to puniffi the following Offences as directed by this Act, and all other Offences referred by this Act to the Decision of a Court Martial; every Officer or Soldier that shall use any traiterous Words against the sacred Person of his Majesty, or that shall utter any Words tending to Sedition or Mutiny, or hear any traiterous, seditious, or mutinous Words spoken, without revealing the fame with all possible Speed Sentence to superior Officer, shall suffer such Punishment as a Court Martial niaii not ex- shall think fit, provided that it extends not to the Loss of Life; whoever tend to Loss shall entertain or carry on a Correspondence with the Enemy, without' of Life Permission

145

The LAW'S of MONTSERRAT.

Permission first had from the Commanding Officer on the Island, or fir all

join or engage in any traiterous or rebellious Acts against the Govern-, 1752 ment, or peri'uade others so to do, shall be punished as Traitors and Re- v bels, as a Court Martial shall direct; if" any Officer or Soldier shall behave difrefpeblfully towards the General or Commander in Chief for the Time being, or speak slanderous Words against his Character, or presume to draw his Sword in his Presence with a Design to do Mischief, such Officer or Soldier shall be punished as a Court Martial shall think fit, R-efpefl being had to the Nature and Quality of the Offence, and that the Punishment extend not to the Lois of Life; whoever shall knowingly and wilfully violate any safe Condufi or Protection given by his Excellency the General, or the Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee I (lands, or the Commander in Chief on the Island for the Time being, shall suffer as a Rebel or as a Court Martial shall direct; if any inferior Officer or Soldier shall refute to obey his superior Officer, or shall quarrel with him, he shall suffer such Punishment as a Court Martial shall think fit; and where any Soldier shall resist any Officer in the Execution of his Office, or shall strike or lift up his Hand to strike, or shall draw or offer to draw or lift up any Weapon against his superior Officer upon any Pretence whatsoever, he shall be punished by a Court Martial, Regard being had to the Nature and Quality of the Offence, and that only offering to strike or draw shall not be punished with Loss of Life; no Man shall spoil or offer Violence to any Merchant or Victualler, Sutler or any other Person, coming with Provisions from one Part of the Island to the other, or shall break open any Shop or Warehouse, or steal any Thing out of any House, Hut, or Tent, or other Place, on Pain of Death, or any other Punishment, as a Court Martial shall think fit; no Officer shall lie out of the Camp or Guard at Night without Leave from his superior Officer, under the Penalty of being punished as a Court Martial shall think fit, so that it extend not to the Loss of Life; neither shall any Officer or Soldier

f>refit me to go any Bye Way or Path during their March, without Leave rora their Commanding Officer, under the before-mentioned Penalty; when Warning is given by Beat of Drum or Sound of Trumpet for felting the Watch, if any Soldier shall absent himself without Leave or reasonable Cause, he shall be punished by riding the Wooden Horse, not exceeding the Space of Ten Minutes; whoever makes known the Watch-Word without Orders, or gives any other Word than what is given by the Officer, or being set Centinel by his Officer, and in his Watch or Guard shall be found drunk or sleeping, or shall forsake his Post before he shall be released, or upon Discovery of an Enemy shall not give Warning to his Quarter according to Directions, shall be punished as a Court Martial shall think fit; no Officer or Store-keeper shall imbezzle or wilfully spoil any Part of the Stores under his Charge, upon Pain of suffering such Punishment as a Court Martial shall think fit. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Time of Martial.

[Proviso.]

Law, it shall be in the Power of the Commander in Chief on the Island for the Time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Council and Assembly, to command one Moiety of the working Slaves to work on the Trenches, Ambuscades, Paths, or any public Work whatsoever, for the Good and Benefit of this Island; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. Provided always, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That no Authority given by this Act to a Court Martial, shall extend or be construed to extend, to the giving of any Power to such Court Martial to take away the Life of any Criminal or Offender, but where the Conviction of such

O o Criminal

146

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

fines incurred to be for the sole Use of the Adjutant.

Criminal or Offender shall be supported by the Evidence of two credible Witnesses, and that no Sentence given by a Court Martial shall be deemed sufficient, but by the Voice of a Majority of the said Officers, and of Seven at the lealt, and that no Sentence of Death shall be carried into Execution, till confirmed by the Commander in Chief of the Leeward Islands for the Time being. Provided likewise, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Gentleman of the Council or Assembly, or the Chief Justice, or any of the Assistant Justices, or the Clergy, or the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue, or the Customs, or the Secretary, or his lawful Deputy, or the Provost Marshal of the Iffand aforesaid, or his lawful Deputy, or the Practitioners in Physic, excepting upon Alarms made after War declared, or in Case of an Insurrection or Invasion, shall incur any of the Penalties appointed and inflicted by this Act, for not in-lilting or doing Duty in the Militia of this Iffand, unless he or they be a Commissioned Officer in this Iffand, in which Cafe the Commission he or they shall bear in the Cavalry or Infantry shall make them subject to this Act and all Powers therein contained, in the fit me Manner as all other Commissioned Officers, except as is before excepted. And whereas by this Act there are several Fines and Forfeitures imposed, and not hitherto applied to any Use or Purposes, be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Fines as shall be incurred by the Officers of the Troop and Troopers, shall be for the sole Use and Benefit of the Provost of the said Troop, and all such as shall be incurred by the Officers and Soldiers of Foot, shall be for the sole Use and Benefit of the Adjutant; and if any Fines shall remain unappropriated, the same shall be recovered by the Commanding Officer on the Iffand for the Time being; the one Moiety for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be applied by the Council and Assembly of this Iffand, for the Use of the Forts and Fortifications of this Iffand, the other Moiety to the said Commanding Officer, and to no other Use or Purposes whatsover; and all Fines and Forfeitures not already declared how to be recovered, shall be recovered by Warrant of Distress from any Justice of the Peace in this Iffand, directed to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, or to any Constable of the Istand aforesaid, to levy of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Chattels, and the same to exposeto public Sale or Outer)', in Ten Days after such Levy or Levies, to satisfy the said Fines and Forfeitures; and in Case of Deficiency of Goods or Chattels, to arrest the Body or Bodies of the Offender or Offenders, and him or them to commit to his Majesty's Gaol of this Iffand for the Space of Two Months, if he or they refuse to pay his or their Fine, or until the said Fines and Forfeitures are satisfied. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither this Act nor any Thing therein contained shall be in Force within this Iffand, until the fame be ratified and confirmed by his Majesty: Dated in Montserrat this Day of in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. Anno Domini 1752.

Read and passed the Assembly this~| ("Read and passed the Council this Eleventh Day of May, 1752. M Sixth Day of June, 1752.

John, Harcum, Clerk of the Af- fj Sa?n. Frith, D. Secretary,

fembly. J L

John

147

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

John Davis Molineux, Speaker of the Assembly.

Passed by the Commander in Chief the Eleventh Day of June, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-two.

Gilb.

Great Seal.

Fleming.

Montserrat, 13th June, 1752, published,

per Tho. Dorsett, D. P. M.

Recorded the foregoing, and examined with the Original, this 2 2d Day of

Sam. Frith, D. Secretary.

June, 1752.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax 1753-the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent, as also to lay a Tax on the several Billiard Tables in the Public v- 3</-s°^re Houses, and to tax the Wind-mills, Cattle-mills, and Water- Aireffment mills in said Island. ,s8;*

An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries. 1753.

'HERE AS many fraudulent Pra£lices are commonly endeavoured to be upheld by Perjury and Subornation of Perjury; and whereas Negroes and other Slaves, in his Majesty's Island of Montserrat, are' a eonliaerable Part of the Property of his Subjects within the said Island, and others of his Majesty's Subjects residing elsewhere, as well as any uncertain Interest of, in or out of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and are and always have been esteemed as Chattels or Preamble-, Personal Estate, and as such conveyed and transferred from one to another, without Deed or any Instrument in Writing, and have been bequeathed by Will without Writing; for Prevention thereof, and in Order to make the Titles of, in and to such Negroes and other Slaves more; secure

148

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT;

r753*

- y--

After 30th May 1753

-> secure and evident; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, ( the Council and Assembly of your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do pray your Most Sacred Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Commander in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward C/iaribbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of the said Island of Montserrat, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Thirtieth Day of May, in the Year of our Lord One Thou-

l-ar lei cases ^ant^ Seven Hundred and Fifty-three, all Leases, Estates, Interest of Free-and°interest* holds, or Terms of Years and Interests of and in Negroes or other Slaves, of Freehold or any uncertain Interest of, in or out of any Messuages, Lands, Tene-the'i’orce of ments or Hereditaments, Negroes or other Slaves, made or created by

Kdatcs at Livery and Seizin only, or by Parole and not put in Writing, and signed

Will only, by the Parties so making or creating the fame, or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing, shall have the Force and Effefil of Leases or Estates at Will only, and shall not either in Law or Equity be deemed or taken to have any other or greater Force or Eff’efl, any Consideration for making any such Parole Leases, or Estates, or Interests, or any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; except nevertheless all Leases not exceeding the Term of Three Years from the making thereof whereupon the Rent reserved to the Landlord or Proprietor out of any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or out of the Labour or Service of any Negro 'or other Slave, during such Term, shall amount unto two third Parts at the lead of the full improved Value of the Thing derailed and moreover, that no Leases, Estates, or Interests, either of Freehold, or Terms of Years, or any Interest, of, in and to any Negro or other Slave, or any uncertain Interest of, in, to or out of any

except Leases not exceeding 3 Years.

NoLeafes or Eflalcs of Freehold or

Negro or

other Slave Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Negroes, or other

shall be ~ -

granted or lurrcndcred by Word.

Promifcsand Agt cements by Parole.

Dcvifcs and iiequcUs ol I.anris to be in Writing, and wiinel-Iccl. by 3 or more credible Witncl-fcs.

Slaves, shall at any Time after the said Thirtieth Day of May, be aligned, granted, or surrendered, unless it be by Deed or Note in Writing, signed by the Party so assigning, granting, or surrendering the fame, or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorized by' Writing, or by Act and Operation of Law.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Thirtieth Day of May, no Action shall be brought, whereby to charge any Executor or administer upon any special Promile to answer Damages out of his own Estate, or whereby to charge the Defendant, upon any special Promise, to answer for the Debt, Default, or Miscarriages of another Person, or to charge any Person upon any Agreement made upon Consideration of Marriage, or upon any Contract or Sale of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Negroes or other Slaves, or Interest in or concerning them, or upon any Agreement that is not to be performed within the Space of One Year from the making thereof j unless the Agreement upon which such Action shall be brought, or some Memorandum or Note thereof shall be in Writing, and signed by the Party to be charged therewith, or some other Person thereunto by him lawfully authorized.-

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Thirtieth Day of May, all Deviles and Bequests of any Lands or Tenements devileable, either by Force of the Statute of Wills, or by this Statute, shall be in Writing, and signed by the Party so deviling the lame, or by some other Person- in his Presence, and by his express Directions, and shall be attested and subscribed in the Presence of the said Devisor, Testator, or Testatrix, by three or more credible Witriefles, or else they shall be utterly void and of none Effect; and moreover, no Devise Or Bequest in Writing of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Negro or

Negroes,

The LAWS of MO N TSERRA T.

149

Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, or of any other Goods or Chattels, whether real or personal, or any Clause thereof, shall at any Time after the said Thirtieth Day of May, fee revocable otherwise than by some other Will or Codicil in Writing, or other Writing declaring the fame, or by burning, cancelling, tearing, or obliterating the fame by the Testator or Testatrix, him or herself, or in his or her Presence, and by his or her Directions and Consent; but all Devises and Bequests of Lands and Tenements, Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, or of any Goods or Chattels whether real or personal, shall remain and continue in Force until the (ante be burnt, cancelled, torn, or obliterated by the Tefiator or Testatrix, or his or her Directions in Manner af’oresaid, or unle/s the fame be altered by some other Will or Codicil in Writing, or other Writing of the Devisor, or Testator, or Testatrix, signed, in Case of Lands, in the Presence of Three or more Witnesses; and in Case of Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, in the Presence of Two or more Witnesses declaring the fame; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Thirtieth Day of May, all and every Negro or Negroes, and other Slave or Slaves, which shall be imported into this Island as Merchandize from Africa, or any other Place beyond Sea, may be sold or disposed of as heretofore without Deed or any Instrument in Writing whatsoever, provided any such Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves have not been transported from this Island to be reimported for the procuring such a Sale.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Thirtieth Day of May, all Declarations or Creations of Trust or Confidences of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, shall be manifested and proved by some Writing, signed by the Party who is by Law enabled to declare such Trust, or by his last Will in Writing, in Manner and Form aforesaid, or else they shall be utterly void and of none Effect.

Provided always, That where any Conveyance shall be made of any Lands or Tenements, Negro or Negroes, or other Slave or Slaves, by which a Trust or Confidence shall or may arise or result by the Implication or Construction of Law, or be transferred or extinguished by any Act or Operation of Law, then and in every such Case, such Trust or Confidence shall be of the like Force and Efftft as the fame would have been if this Statute had not been made, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted, That all Grants and Assignments of any Trust or Confidence shall likewise be in Writing, signed by the Party granting or assigning the fame by such last Will, Devise, or Bequest, or else shall like-wife be utterly void and of none Effect.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Judgments which shall be obtained in his Majestys Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, or any other Court of Record within this Island, after the said Thirtieth Day of May, shall be entered upon Record, and the Day of the Month and Year when such Judgment was so obtained, shall also be entered in Words at Length in the Margin of the Record of the said Judgment, at the same Time that such Judgment shall be so obtained, which said Entry shall be made by the Secretary of this Island for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy; and that by Order of one or more of the Judges of the Court wherein such Judgment shall be so obtained, for which said Entry of the Day and Month as aforesaid, the said Secretary shall not demand or receive any Fee or Reward whatsoever; any Law, Usage, or Course of any Court to the contrary notwithstanding.

P p And

Provila.

All Declarations or Cre*» alions of Trust (hal 1 be in 'Writing.

Trusts arising transferred or extinguished by Implication of Law are excepted.

Assignment of Trust shall be in Writing.

TheDay and Monthwhen Judgments obtained to be entered on the Record.

i5o

The L A TVS of MON T S E R R A T.

, 1753-

Judgment to bind from the D.iy of entering*

Executions not to bind till delivered to the Mar-Ihdl.

Contracts for Sale of Goods for ioI. or-more.

[Proviso.]

Nuncupative "Wills.

An n be it further enacted, That such Judgments as against Purchasers, bona fide, for valuable Consideration of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be charged thereby, shall in Consideration of Law be Judgments only from such Time as they shall be so entered, and not from any other Time whatsoever; any Law, Usage, or Course of any Court to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Thirtieth Day of May, no Writ of Fieri facias, or other Writ of Execution, shall bind the Property of the Goods of him, her, or them, against whom such Writ of Execution is sued forth, but from the Time that such Writ shall be delivered to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, or to such other proper Officer as shall have the lawful Execution thereof to be execiued; and for the better Manifestation of the said Time, the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, or such other proper Officer, or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, shall upon the Receipt of any such Writ (without Fee for doing the fame) indorse upon the Back thereof, the Da}- of the Month and Year whereon he or they received the fame, together with the Hour of the Day, and number the fame in Words at Length, so that the first Execution that shall be delivered to the said Provost Marshal, or his lawful Deputy' or Deputies, or to such other Officer legally qualified to receive the same, shall take Place of the second Execution so delivered, andfo on in Number, and shall from the Time of such Delivery, only bind the Personal Estate of such Person or Persons against whom such Execution shall be so obtained; any Law, Usage, or Course of any' Court to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Thirtieth Day' of May, no Contract for the Sale of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, for the Price of Ten Pounds current Money' or upwards, shall be allowed to be good, except the Buy'cr shall accept Part of the Goods so fold, and actually receive the same, or give something in Earnest to bind the Bargain, or in Part of Payment, or that some Note or Memorandum in Writing of the said Bargain, be made and signed by the Parties to be charged by such a Contract, or their Agents thereunto lawfully authorized.

Provided always, That this Act, nor any' Part thereof, shall effect to be deemed to extend to the Sales of any' Goods or Chattels, Lands or Tenements, that shall be sold at Public Outcry, by the Deputy' Provost Marshal, Coroner, or any other Minister of Justice, by' Virtue of any Execution issuing out of any Court of Justice, or from any Magistrate properly' qualified to issue the fame in this Island, but that the same shall continue under Regulations that they' now are.

And for the Prevention of fraudulent Practices in setting up Nuncupative Wills, which have been the Occasion of much Perjury, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the aforesaid Thirtieth Day of May, no Nuncupative Will shall be good, where the Estate thereby bequeathed shall exceed the Value of Thirty' Pounds current Money, that is not proved by the Oaths of Three Witnesses (at the leaf!) that were present at the making thereof, nor unless it be proved that the Testator or Testatrix, at the Time of pronouncing the fame, did bid the Persons present, or some of them, bear Witness that such was his or her Will, or to that Effebl, nor unless such Nuncupative Will were made in the Time of the last Sickness of the deceased, and in the House of his or her Habitation or Dwelling, or where he or file hath been resident for the Space of Ten Day's or more, next before the making of such Will, except where such Person was surprized, or taken lick being from his

or

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT*

or her own Home* and died before he or she returned to the Place of <—f----->

his or her Dwelling. *753?.

And be it further enacted, That after Six Months pasted after the' speaking of the pretended Testamentary Words, no Testimony shall, be received to prove any Will Nuncupative, except the said Testimony, or the Substance thereof were committed to Writing, within Six Days after the making of the said Will.

And be it further enacted, That no Letters, Testamentary, or Probate Probates of

of any Nuncupative Will, shall pass the Seal of any Court till Fourteen Nuncupa.

Days at the least after the Decease of the Testator be fully expired; nor hve V 1 s‘ shall any Nuncupative Will be at any Time received to be proved, unless Process have first issued to call in the Widow, or next of Kindred to the deceased, to the End they may contest the fame if they please.

And be it further enacted, That no "Will in Writing, concerning any NoWiilin Goods or Chattels, or Personal Estate, shall be repealed, nor shall any Clause, Devise, or khquest therein, be altered or changed by any Words by Will by or Will by Word of Mouth only, except the fame be in the Life of the Word of Testator committed to Writing, and after the Writing thereof, read unto Mouth-the Testator and allowed by him, and proved to be lb done by Two Witnesses at the least.

Provided always, That notwithstanding this Act, any Soldier being Soidiersand in actual-Military Service, or any Mariner or Seaman, being at Sea, may ^,a.jjners dispose of his Moveables, Wages, and Personal Estate, as he or they might ccp'ted?*" have done before the making of this Act.

And it is hereby declared, That Nothing in this Act shall extend to Right of alter or change the Jurisdiction or Right of Probate of Wills, concerning Personal Estates, but that the Ordinary in Chief of these his be'changed. Majesty's Leeward Islands, and his Deputy lawfully appointed for this Island, shall retain the fame Right and Power as they had before the making of this Act in every Respect; subject nevertheless to the Rules and Directions of this Act.

And for the explaining of an Act, intituled, An Act for the better settling Aflforex-of Inteflaies Efates, which Act is inforced by the Twenty-second Se61ion of the Court A6lofthis Island, intituled, An Act for the efablifiing of a betted

Court of King's-bench and Common-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for settling in the more ffieedy Execution of Justice, and for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket settled by Geo. his Excellency, by the Advice of his Council; be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said Act, nor any Thing therein contained, shall be construed to extend to the Estates of Feme Coverts, that shall die intestate, but that their Husbands may demand and have Administration of their Rights, Credits, and other Personal Estates, and recover and enjoy the same as they might have done before the making of the said Act. Dated in Montserrat this Tenth Day of May, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-three.

Read and passed the Assembly this"! {Read and palfed the Council this

Fourth Day of December, 1752. fohn Ilarcum, Clerk of the Af- I fembly. J k

Twenty-fourth Day of March, 1753-

Sam. Frith, D. Secretary.

John

152

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

John Davis Molineux, Speaker of the Assembly.

PaCTed by the Commander in Chief this Tenth Day of May, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-three.

GUI).

lG SA

Montserrat, 24th May, 1753. This Act was published, per Thomas Dorsett, D. P. Mi.

Planing.

Recorded the foregoing A£i, and examined with the Original this Twenty-ninth Day of May, 1753.

Samuel Frith, D. Secretary.

1753* A'n for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency 148. George Thomas, Esquire, Chief Governor of these Islands, Exjnrcd. during his Government, and for continuing the Duties on Liquors

and Licences.

0° 149. An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the ILoufes in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, a?id all slave. public Billiard Tables.

Assessment

20qL

1754. An Act to appoint Henry Wilmot, Esquire, Agent for this & 15°- Island, and to provide a Salary for his executing the said xpwe ‘ Office.

An

i.v'ii,

*5 3

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

/ 1754-

An Act for the public Registering of .all Deeds, Conveyances, i; and Wills, that-fmil be' made of, or that may offehi any Lands5' Tenements, Hereditaments, or Slaves, within the If and of Montserrat.

WHEREAS by the different and secret Ways of conveying Lands, Preamble;

Tenements, Hereditaments, and Slaves, such as are ill disposed have it in their Power to commit Frauds, to the Ruin and Undoing of Purchaslrs, Mortgagees, and Creditors, by prior and secret Conveyances and fraudulent Incumbrances; and whereas Nothing can tend more to the Encouragement and Advancement of Trade and Credit, and to the Improvement of the Plantations and natural Produce of the said Island, than that Purchasers and Money Lenders should be secure in their Purchases, Mortgagees, and other Assurances, of, in and to Lands, Tenements, Hereditamentfj, and Slaves; and whereas Slaves have been by long Usage taken and adjudged to be personal Chattels, and the Property of, in and to Rich Slaves is and has been often altered and transferred from one to another, as other personal Chattels, without any Deed or other Instrument in Writing : We therefore, your Majesty:s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Council and Assembly of the said Island of Montserrat, do pray your most Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enaEled by the Governor, the Council and Assembly of the Island of Montserrat, and by the Authority of the same, That a Me- Afteniicid morial of all Deeds and Conveyances, which from and after the FirftDay Day of.-in-of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Mcmorfai’of Hundred and Fifty-four, shall be made and executed, and of all Wills, all Deeds, Devises in Writing, of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and BequeRs WllkCo"-of Slaves made, or to be made, and publiflted, where the Devisor, Testator, aZaffbcl or Teflatrix, shall die after the said First Day of Augvjt, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four; and of all Recognizances ("other nj{icred C ll-" than such as shall be entered into in the Name, and upon the proper Ac- ° count of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,) which shall be entered into after the said First Day of August, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four, of or concerning, or whereby any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Slaves, in the said Island of Montserrat, may be any Ways afiefted in Law or Equity, may be registered in such Manner as is herein after directed; and that every such Deed, or Conveyance, or Recognizance, that shall at any Time after the said First Day of Avgnji, One Thousand Seven Plundred and Fifty-four, be made and be

executed or entered into, shall be adjudged fraudulent, and void against fraudulent, any subsequent Purchaser, Mortgagee, or Cognifee, for or upon valuable Consideration, unless Rich Memorial thereof be registered, as by this Act is directed, before the Registering of the Memorial of the Deed, or Conveyance, or Recognizance, under which such subsequent Purchaser, Mortgagee, or Cognifee shall claim; and that every such Devise of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and BequeRs of Slaves by Will, shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsequent Purchaser, Mortga- , gee, or Cognifee, for dr upon valuable Consideration, unless a Memorial of fitch Will be registered at such Times, and in such Manner as is herein after directed.

Q fl

And

*54

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1754*

—*v---

Mortgages to bc'regsitered in 6 Months.

[Proviso.]

How and where the

Place of Re-gifter Office shall be appointed.

Oath of the Register.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Mortgages made, or to be made before the First Day of August, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four, of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Slaves, may be fegiltered in Six Months after the Publication of this- Act; otherwise to be null and void against any subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee, for and upon valuable Confederation, unless a Memorial of such prior-Mortgage be registered as by this Act is directed, before the Registering of the Memorial of such subsequent Purchase or Mortgage, under which such subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee shall claim.

Provided always, That if any Mortgagee flia.ll be beyond Sea, out of the Government of his Majesty's Leeward, Charibbee Islands, he shall have Eighteen Months Time for the Regillering his Mortgage; any Law, Custom, or Wage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And for lettling and establishing a certain Method, with proper Rules and Directions, for the better and more effectual putting in Execution the several Matters and Things in this Act contained, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Register Office shall be established and kept in some convenient Place in the Town of Plymouth, in the said Island of Montserrat, where the Register or his Deputy shall appoint and provide, where to all Persons'may resort, to be managed and executed by the Secretary of the said Island, or his sufficient Deputy for the Time being, who shall be Register, and continue in the Register Office, for so long Time as. he shall well demean himself therein.

And be it enacted, That every such Register or his Deputy, or said .Deputy's Substitute, before he enters upon the Execution of the said Office, shall be {worn before the Council of the said Island, or the Chief Justice of the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas; and in Case of his Absence, Sickness, or Disability, by any Justice of the said Court, who are hereby respectively impowered and required to administer such Oath in the Words following: " You shall swear that you lit all truly and faithfully perform and execute the Office and Duty, that is diretied and required by you to be done by an Act, intituled, An Act for the public Register in g of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, that Jliall be made of, or that may ajfcEl any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Slaves, within the island of Montserrat. So help you God."

, And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death, Absence, or Disability of any Register and his Deputy, and until & b<j execu* a fit. and able Person. be appointed by his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef-Vacancy.8* fors, the Council of the said Island shall appoint, or in Case of their ne-gleft to appoint within one Week after the Death, Absence, or Disability of the last acting Register and Deputy Register, the Chief Justice of the :King’s-bench and Common-pleas shall appoint a fit and able Person to execute the said Register Office, until a fit and able Person shall be nominated and appointed Register, as usual in Cafes where any Vacancy happens in the Secretary’s Office; which Person so to be appointed Register during such Vacancy, shall take the Oath, and give such Security for the due and faithful Performance of the Duty and Office of Register, as is by this Act directed to be taken and given by the Register; and shall be subject, together with his Sureties, to pay the same Damages and Costs to any Person injured by his Neglect, Misdemeanor, or fraudulent Practices, to be recovered as is herein after directed.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Memorial, of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, so to be entered and registered, shall be put in Writing and brought to the Register Office; and in Cafe

of

How the

Office of ..Register is

Method of Registering.

*55

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT,

of Deeds and Conveyances, shall be under the Hand and Seal df'some oi'

one of the Grantors, or some or one of the Grantees, his, her, or their 1754-Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees, attested by ~'v'~ Two Witnesses, one whereof to be one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance, which Witness shall upon his Oath, or being a Quaker, on his solemn Affirmation before the said Regiffer or his Deputy, prove the signing and sealing of such Memorial, and the Execution of the Deed or Conveyance mentioned in such Memorial (or else the Persons so signing and sealing the fame Memorial as aforesaid, or one of them, shall before the said Regiffer or his Deputy, acknowledge his or their signing and sealing of the said Memorial, and the Execution of the Deed or Conveyance mentioned in such Memorial); and in Case of Wills, whereby Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are devised, the Memorial shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Devisees, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, Guardians or Trustees; and where by Will Slaves shall be bequeathed, the Memorial of such Will shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Executors of such Will, or some or one of the Legatees, his or their Executors or Administrators, Guardians or Trustees, attested by Two Witnesses, one whereof shall upon his Oath, or being a Quaker, on his solemn Affirmation before the said Regiffer or his Deputy, prove the signing and sealing of such Memorial, or the same shall be acknowledged in like Manner before the said Register or his Deputy, by the Persons so signing and sealing the fame Memorial as aforesaid, or one of them (which respective Oaths and Affirmation, the said Regiffer or his Deputy is hereby impowered to administer); and the said Regiffer or his Deputy is hereby also impowered to take the said respeff ive Acknowledgments as aforesaid, and shall enter a Memorandum of the taking of the fame respectively upon the said respective Memorials, with the Time when the fame was so taken; and the said Memorandum shall be signed by the said Regiffer or his Deputy, and also by the Party so acknowledging the fame respectively.

And be it further enacted, That every Memorial of any Deed, Con- Contents of veyance, or Will, shall contain the Day of the Month, and the Year when such Deed, Conveyance, or Will bears Date, and the Names and Addi- giftered. tions of all the Parties to such Deed or Conveyance, and of the Devifbr,

Testator, or Testatrix of such Will, and of all the Witnesses to such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, and the Places of their Abode, and shall express or mention the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Names of the Slaves contained in such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, and the Names of all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, or extra-parochial Places within the said Island, where any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are lying and being, that are given, granted, conveyed, deviled, or any Way affected or charged by any such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, in such Manner as the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Names of the fame Slaves are expressed or mentioned in such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, or to the fame Ene£l; and in Case of Mortgages, the Memorial shall contain the Consideration Money mentioned in such Mortgage; and that every such Deed, Conveyance, and Will, or Probate of the fame, of which such Memorial is so to be registered as aforesaid, shall be produced to the said Regiffer or his Deputy at the Time of entering such Memorial, who shall indorse a Certificate on every such Deed, Conveyance, and Will, or Probate thereof, and therein mention the certain Day, Hour, and Time, on which such Memorial is so entered or registered, expressing also in what Book, Page, and Number the fame is entered, and that the said Regiffer or his Deputy shall sign

i5 6

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

In what Condition fitch Certificate shall be granted.

In Cafe of ic verai Wntings, the particular County may he named only once.

the said Certificate lo indorsed, (which Certificate shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of such respective Regillers, in all Courts of Record' whatsoever.) and that every Page of such Register Book, and every Memorial that shall be entered therein, shall be numbered, and the Day of the Month, and the Year, and the Hour or Time of the Day when every Memorial is registered, shall be entered in the Margin of the said Register Book, and of the said Memorial.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Memorial of such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, as shall be made and executed in any Place not within the said If!and, which do or may concern or alfeft any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Slaves within the said Island, shall be entered or registered by the aforesaid Register or his Deputy, in Cafe an Affidavit sworn or solemn Affirmation of a Person of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, made in Writing before one of the Judges of Wtjhninjl.er, in the Kingdom of England, or a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary there, or before one of the Judges of Ireland, or a Master in Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary there, or before one of the Judges of the Court of the King’s-bench or Common-pleas, in any of his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, or before the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town in the Kingdom of Great Britain or Ireland, and certified under the common Seal of such City or Town, or under the Seal of the Office of such Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or before the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Chief Commander of any of his Majesty's Plantations, Colonies, or Governments, and certified under the Seal of such Plantation, Colony, or Government, be brought with the said Memorial to the said Register or his Deputy, wherein one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deeds and Conveyances shall swear, or being a Quaker shall affirm, that he or she (aw the fame executed, and the Memorial signed and lealed as al'ore-said, or wherein one of the Witnesses to the Memorial of any Will shall swear, or being a Quaker shall affirm, that lie or she law such Memorial signed and sealed as aforesaid, and the same shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Register or his Deputy, to give the Party that brings such Memorial, and Affidavit or Affirmation, a Certificate of the Regillering such Memorial, which Certificate, signed by the said Register or his Deputy, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of the Registries of the lame Memorials in all Courts of Record whatsoever; any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it enacted, '1 hat where there are more Writings than one for making and perfecting any Conveyance or Security, which do name, mention, or any' Way alfcft or concern the fame Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Slaves, it shall be a sufficient. Memorial or Register thereof, if all the fame Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Names of the fame Slaves, and the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and extraparocliial Places, within the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments do lie, be only once named or mentioned in the Memorial, Register, and Certificate of any' one of the Deeds or Writings made, for the Perfecting of such Conveyance and Security'; and the Dates of the rest of the said Deeds or Writings, relating to the said Convey'ance or Security, with the Names and Additions of the Parties and Witnesses, and the Places of their Abodes be only let down in the Memorials, Re-gillers, and Certificates of the lame, with a Reference to die Deed or Writing whereof the Memorial is so registered, that contains or expresses the Parcels of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Names of the Slaves mentioned in all' tile said Deeds, and Directions how to find the Regillering the same.

Provided

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 157

Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Memorials of Wills

that shall be registered in Manner as aforesaid, within the Space of Six |_1754.]

Months after the Death of every respective Devisor, Telia for, or Tcllatrix, Mcmwilis dying within this Island, or within the Space of Twelve Months after the of Wills. Death of every respective Devisor, Teliator, or Testatrix, dying in any other of his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in this Government, or within the Space of Three Years after the Death of every respective Devisor, Teliator, or Testatrix, dying upon or in any other Parts beyond the Seas, shall be as valid and effectual against subsequent Purchasers, and Recognizances, as if the lame had been registered immediately after the Death of such respective Devisor, Teliator, or Tcllatrix; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided always, That in Case the Devilee, Legatee, or Person or Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and Slaves, devised or bequeathed by any such Will as aforesaid, by Reason of the contesting such Will, or Other inevitable Difficulty, without his, her, or wills con-their wilful Neglect or Default, shall be disabled to exhibit such Memorial tcfied-for the Regillry thereof within the respective Times herein before limited; and that a Memorial shall be entered in the said Office of such Cornell or Impediment within the Space of Six Months after the De-cease of such Devisor, Teliator, or Tellatrix, who shall die within the said Island, or within the Space of Twelve Months next after the Decease of such Person who shall die within any other of the Leeward Charibbee Islands in this Government, or within the Space of Three Years after the Decealeof such Person, who shall die upon or beyond the Seas; then and in such Case, the Regillry of the Memorial of such Will, within the Space of Six Months next after his, her, or their Attainment of such Will, or a Probate thereof, or Removal of the Impediment, whereby he, she, or they, are disabled and hindered to exhibit such Memorial, shall be a sufficient Regillry within the Meaning of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Provided nevertheless, That in Case of any Concealment or Suppref- Concea'-lion of any Will, Devise, or Bequest, no Purchaser or Purchasers, for valu- \vnL? able Consideration, shall be defeated or disturbed in his or their Purchase, nor any Plaintiff in any Judgment, or Cognizee of any Recognizance, shall be defeated of his or their Debts, by any Title made or deviled by such Will, unless the Will be a6lually registered within Three Years after the Death of the Devisor, Teliator, or Testatrix.

Provided nevertheless, That if the Memorial of any Recognizance be Memorial of registered in the said Register Office, within Twelve Kalendar Months ^='j°smzan' after the Acknowledgment of such Recognizance, all the Lands that the Cognifees had at the Time of such Acknowledgment, shall be bound thereby; and the Regillry of a Memorial of such Recognizance within the Time aforesaid, shall be as available to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Memorial thereof had been entered in the said Register Office, on the Day of the Acknowledgment of such Recognizance.

And be it further enacted, That the said Register or his Deputy shall make an Entry, and Likewise (if required) shall give a Certificate in Writ- cg‘ ennSl ing under his Hand, tellified by two credible Witnesses, of every such Memorial of any Recognizance, brought to him to be so registered as aforesaid; and in such Book, wherein such Memorial shall be entered, and also in such Certificate to be so given, shall mention the certain Time and Hour, or Time of that Day on which such Memorial is lo registered or entered, and in such Certificate shall mention in what Book, Page, and Number, the fame Memorial is entered.

R r

And

158 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 1754.

and filing.

Deeds, £3c. may be registered at Length.

What Testimony necessary before Enrollment,

[Proviso.]

And be it further enacted, That such Register flrall duly file every such Memorial bf Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and Recognizances, in Order of Time, as the same are brought to the said Regiller Office, and shall enter or register the fame Memorials, in the fame Order that they shall respectively come to his Hands.

And whereas Deeds have been often destroyed by Fire and other Ac cidents, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of Atigufl, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four, any Person or Persons having or claiming Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Slaves; in the said Island of Montserrat, may register at full Length in the said Register Office, all and every or any of the Deeds, Writings, Wills, or Conveyances, by or under which such Title shall be claimed, and which shall be made and executed, or signed and published; and in Case of Wills where the De-visor, Testator, or Testatrix, shall die after the said First Day'- ol' August, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four, and the said Register or his Deputy is hereby authorized to enter and enroll all such Deeds, Writings, Wills, and Conveyances, as shall be so brought to be registered at full Length, by ingrafting or entering them in Parchment Or Paper Books; and the said Register or his Deputy shall, in the Margin of every such Entry and Enrollment, mention the Time of such Entry and Enrollment, and shall indorse and sign a Certificate on such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, in Manner as is by this Act dire bled where a Memorial is entered, and shall safely keep all and every the Books wherein such Entries and Enrollments shall be made in the said public Office, there to remain upon Record; and all Copies of such Entries and Enrollments of such Deeds, Writings, Wills, and Conveyances, so registered at full Length, and which Copies.shall be signed by the said Register or his Deputy, and attested by two or more Witnesses, shall be allowed in all Courts of Record, to be good and sufficient Evidence of such Deeds, Writings, Wills, or Conveyances, so registered and destroyed by Fire or ether Accident.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at the Time any Deed, Conveyance, or Will, made and executed, or signed and published after the said First Day of August, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four, shall be brought to the said Register Office to be registered or enrolled at full Length, one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance, or to the Signing and Publishing such Will, flrall make Oath, or being one of the People called Quakers, take his solemn Affirmation before the said Register or his Deputy, that such Deed or Conveyance was duly executed by the Grantor or Grantors, of Person conveying any Estate or Interest, or that such Will was signed and published by the Devisor, Testator, or Testatrix; which respective Oaths and Affirmations, the said Register or his Deputy is required and impowered to administer.

Provided always, That such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, as shall be made and executed in any other of his Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, besides this Island of Montserrat, or in any7 other Place beyond or upon the Seas, may be entered and registered at full Length, by the aforesaid Register or his Deputy7, in Cafe an Affidavit sworn, or solemn Affirmation of a Person of the Persuasion of the People called Quakers, made in Writing before any one of the Judges of the Ki'ng’s-bench and Common-pleas, or Master in Chancery of such respective Leeward Charibbee Islands, where such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made, or before one of the Judges of Westminster, or one of the Mafte'rs in Chancery. Ordinary or Extraordinary, in the Kingdom of England, or

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

*5'9

before one of the Judges or Matters in Chancery of Ireland, or before

the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of any City or Town in the Kingdom t I75T-of Great Britain or Ireland, and certified under the common Seal of such 'v' City of Town, or under the Seal of the Office of such Mayor or Chief Magistrate, or before the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Commander in Chief of any of his Majesty's Plantations, Governments, or Colonies, in Europe, Asia, Africa, or America, under the Seal of such Plantation, Government, or Colony, be /brought with ffich Deed, Conveyance, or Will, in which Affidavit one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance, or to the signing and publishing such Will, shall l'wear or affirm, that he or she law the said Deeds executed, or in Case of Wills, such Will ligned and published by the Devisor, Testator, or Tef-tatrix.

And be it further enacted, That every such Registry at full Length of Registriesat such Deeds, Writings. Conveyances, and Wills, or Probates thereof, in bideem^ the said Register Office as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be cd the Entry-Entry of a Memorial thereof pursuant to this Act, and liiall have the fame °.f Mem°-Force and Effect upon the Estate therein contained, in Relation to all subsequent Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and to all other Intents and Purposes, as if a Memorial of such Deed, Writing, Conveyance, or Will, or Probate thereof, so registered at full Length, had been entered in the said Register’s Office as aforesaid, pursuant to the said Act; and the Certificate signed and indorsed on such Deeds, Conveyances, or Wills, or Probate thereof, registered at full Length, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of such Registry in all Courts of Record in the said Island.

And be it further eriaQted, That every such Register fit all be allowed for the Entry of every such Memorial, as is by this Act directed, the Sum of Eighteen Pence current Money in Gold or Silver, and no more, in Case the fame do no exceed Two Hundred Words; but if such Memorial pg|sifter’s shall exceed Two Hundred Words, then after the Rate and Proportion ees’ of Eight Pence current Gold or Silver Money a Hundred, for all the Words contained in such Memorial, over and above the first Two Hundred Words; and the like Fees for the like Number of Words contained in every Deed, Writing, Conveyance, or Will, registered at full Length as aforesaid, and in every Certificate or Copy given out of the said Office, and no more; and for every Search in the said Office, Eighteen Pence Gold and Silver current Money, and no more.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that if the said Re- Fees for at-gifter do attend out of his Office in Plymouth Tovm, he shall be paid the t<yi5ins°ut Sum of Seven Shillings current Money of the aforesaid Island; and if any ° 1S other Place out of Plymouth Town, Fourteen Shillings like Money; and also the further Sum of Two Shillings like Money for every reputed Mile forward, but Nothing for the Way back again.

[Proviso.]

Provided always, and be it further- enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the Sale of any Slaves imported into this Island from Africa, or any other Place beyond Sea as Merchandize.

And be it further enacted, That every such Register, or his sufficient Register’s Deputy, shall give due Attendance at his Office on Mondays, Fridays, Attendance, and Saturdays, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Forenoon, for the Dispatch of all Business belonging to the said Office; and that every such Register or his Deputy, as often as required, shall make Searches concerning all Memorials that are registered, and all Deeds,

160

The LAWS «/MONTSERRA T 1754.

Register to give/'ioco Security.

Penalty on Register for Neglectc of Duty.

Register's Security when to be vacated*

Penalty on Forgery,

Writings, Conveyances, and Wills, so registered at full Length as aforesaid, and give Certificates concerning the same under his Hand, if required by any Person, testified by two credible Witnesses.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register, at the Time of his being sworn into the said Office sis aforesaid, shall enter into a Recognizance' with Two or more sufficient Sureties to be approved by the Chief Justice, arid any one of his associate Justices of the Court of King’s-bench, and Common-pleas; or in Case of the Sickness or Disability of the said Chief Justice, by any Two Justices of the said Courts, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be entered upon Record in the said Register’s Office, of the Penalty of One Thousand Pounds Sterling Money, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be taken by the said Chief Justice, and any one of his Associates, or by any Two of the said Justices of the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas as aforesaid, conditioned for his true and faithful Performance of his Duty in the Execution of his said Office, in all Things directed and required by this Act.

And be it further enacted, That if any such Register, or his Deputy* shall neglect to perform his or their Duty in the Execution of the said QfHce, according to the Rules and Directions in this Act mentioned, or commit or suffer to be committed any undue or fraudulent Practice in the Execution of the said Office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then such. Register shall forfeit his said Office, and pay treble Damages with full Costs of Suit, to every such Person or Persons as shall be injured thereby; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in the Courts of King’s-bench and Common-pleas in the said Island of Monijerrat, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That when any Register shall die or surrender his Office, and there shall within the Space of Three Years from and after such Death or Surrender, no Misbehaviour appear to have been committed by such Register in the Execution of his said Office; then, and in such Case, at the End of the said Three Years after his Death or Surrender, the said Recognizance so entered into by him shall become void and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time, forge or counterfeit any Memorial, Certificate, or Indorsement, as herein before mentioned and directed, and be thereof lawfully con-

is

vifted. such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to such Pains and Penalties, as in and by an Act, made in the Fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, "An Act against Forgeiy of false Deeds and Writings, are imposed upon Persons for forging and publishing false Deeds, Charters, or Writings foaled. Court Rolls, or Wills, whereby the Freehold or Inheritance of any Person or Persons, of, in, or to any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall or may be molested, troubled, or charged; and and-Perjury, that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forefwear himself, or being a Quaker shall falsely, maliciously, or corruptly affirm, before the said Regmer or his Deputy, or before any Judge of the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, or Master in Chancery of the said Island of Mo7it/errat, in any of the Cafes herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to the same Penalties, and if the fame Oath had been made in any of the Courts of King’s-bench and Common-pleas in the said Island of Mont-Jerrat.

1754 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 161

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case of

Mortgages and Recognizances, whereof Memorials shall be entered in ( 1754-the said Register Office, or in Case of Mortgages, where the Mortgage certificates Deed shall be registered at full Length pursuant to this Act; if at any of Mortga-Time afterwards, a Certificate shall be brought to the said Register or his J^howtoiae Deputy, signed by the Mortgagee’s in such Mortgage, Cognifees in such regitiereJ. Recognizances, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and attested by two Witnesses, whereby it shall appear, that all Monies due upon such Mortgage and Recognizances respectively, have been paid or satisfied in Discharge thereof, which Witnesses shall upon their Oath before the Register or his Deputy, or before any one of the Judges of the Courts-of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, or any one of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, or before any one of the Masters of the Court of Chancery, in the said Island of Montferrab, or in any of his Majesty's said Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, respectively, where such Witnesses shall make Affidavit, who are hereby respectively, impowered to administer such Oath, (prove such Monies to be satisfied and paid accordingly, and that they saw such Certificate signed by the said Mortgagees or Cognifees, their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns,) together with such Affidavit of the said two Witnesses as .aforesaid made, ,that then and in every such Case, the said Register or his Deputy shall make ' an Entry in the Margin of the said Register Books, against the Registry of the Memorial of such Morgage or Recognizance, or against such Deed registered at full Length respectively, that such Mortgage or Recognizance respectively was satisfied and discharged according to such Certificate, to which the fame Entry shall refer, and shall after file such Certificate and Affidavit, to remain upon Record in the said Register Office.

Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not proviso. extend to any Leases not exceeding the Term of Three Years, and whereby the Rent reserved shall amount to at least two third Parts of the full improved Value.

And be it enacted, That every Leaf of the said Register Books shall ErvfryJ'caf be signed by the Chief Justice of the Courts of King’s-bench and ^Book^'c." Common-pleas, and in Case of his Sickness or Disability, by any two be signed by Justices of the said Courts, who are hereby required to sign the fame accordingly.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Mortgages duly Mortgages recorded before the Publication of this Act, in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, shall be deemed sufficient, as if registered in the said Register tul Secre-Office. tary’s Office

[Public Act.]

And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed sufficient-in all Courts of Record in this Island of Montferr at, as a public Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons therein concerned,' are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special Pleading the same.

Dated in Montserrat this Twenty-seventh Day-of June'.in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. arid in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four. ..' \v \f

Read and passed the Assembly thisq ("Read and palfed the Council this Twelfth Day of February, 1754. M Eighth Day of June, 1754. '

John Harcum, Clerk of the Af- jj Sam. Frith, D. Secretaryand Clefk fembly. J L of the Council.

S f George

4Qe«B£*s6e6eae806mHaaeeaeti

162

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

s754-

George Bromley, Speaker of the Assembly, pro tempore,

Pall by the Governor in Chief the Twenty-seventh Day of June, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four,

Geo.

Great Seal.

Thomas.

Montserrat, 5th July, 1754, this Act was published,

per T/w. Dorsett.

Recorded the foregoing Act, and examined with the Original, this 8th Day of July, 1754.

At the Court at Kensington^ the nth Day of July, 1759°

PRESENT,

The King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

Lord President, Earl of Holdernesse, Earl of Cholmcmdely, Viscount Falmouth,

Viscount Ligonier,

Lord Berkely, of Stratton, Mr. Vice Chamberlain, Mr. Secretary Pzft.

W

WHEREAS the Governor and Commander in Chief of his Majestys Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, with the Council and Assembly of the Island of Montserrat, one of the said Leeward Charibbee

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 163

Charibbee JJlands, did in 1754 pass an Act, whichrj^ffj hath been transmitted in the Words following, viz. '—v—

Montserrat.

An Act for opening a Street from the Sea-fde tip to the main Street; between the Lands of James Shaw, Esquire, James Farrill, Esquire, Mary Watson, Widow, Edward Daniellj Esquire, and Mary Thompson, Widow.

FORASMUCH as the former Bye Way leading from the Sea-fide up to the main Street, hath for some Years past been stopped up, greatly to the Prejudice and Inconveniency of the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, in the Island of Montserrat aforesaid, and to all the:

King’s Liege People passing and repalling to and fro, may it therefore Preamble, please your moll Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled, by and with the Content of the Governor, Council, and Assembly of your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, and by the Authority of the same, That a Street Twelve Feet wide, leading from the Sea-fide up to the main Street, between the Lands of the said James Shaw, James Farrill, Mary Watson, Edward Daniell, and Mary Thompson, be opened and repaired by the Scavengers of the said Town of Plymouth for the Time being, that is to say. Six Feet on each of the Persons Lands aforesaid. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Commis-John Dyer, William Musgrave, Michael White, George Bramley, and Tho- fiop=rs ap-mas Duberry, Esquires, or any three of them, shall have full Power and pomte Authority, and are hereby impowered to treat and agree with the Owners and Possessors of the said Lands, for the Purchase of as much of their Lands as shall be necessary, to open and make a good convenient Street of the Dimensions aforesaid, from the Sea-fide up to the main Street, between the Bounds of the said James Shaw’s Land, James Far-rill’s Land, Mary Watson’s Land, Edward Daniell’s Land, and Mary Thompson’s Land.; and if there be any Persons that .shall willfully refule to treat and agree as aforesaid, or through any Disability by Nonage, Co- On any per-verture, or a Special Tail, or other Impediment, cannot, that in such Cases the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are hereby authorized by Commihi-Virtue of this Act to ilftie out a Warrant or Warrants, directed to the °"rs,oilTu' Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby required according- tmpanne'Ta0 ly to impannel and return a Jury before the said Commissioners, or any Jury to va-Three of them, which Jury upon their Oaths to be administered by the said

said Commissioners, or any Three of them, are to inquire and alfefs such Damage and Recompence, as they shall adjudge fit to be awarded to the Owners and Occupiers of said Land, or either of them, for their respective ERates and Interests of said Lands; and such Verdibl of the Jury and

Sment of the Commissioners, or any Three of them thereupon,shall be ng to all Intents and Purposes again!! the said Parties, their-Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and others claiming any Title or Interest in the said Lands, and shall be a full Power to the said Scavengers of the Town of Plymouth, to have the fame executed. And this Scavengers Abl shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Scavengers, and all Persons ,ndemmfiecl-

164

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

authorized by them against the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or

754- i Assigns, of any of the said Owners or Occupiers, as if the fame had been fold in Deed, Feoffment, Bargain* and Sale, or any other Way what-FroviCo. soever: Provided always, That this Act shall not be in Force, or have any Effect until his Majesty's Pleasure be known. Dated in Montferr at this Twelfth Day of July, in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Second, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four.

Confirma-

tion.

Read and passed the Assembly this"! 20th Day of June, 1754.]

John Davis Molineux, Speaker of I , the Assembly.

John Harcum, Clerk of the Assembly.

Read and passed the Council this 29th Day of June, 1754;

Samuel Frith, D. Secretary and Clerk of Council.

Past by the Governor in Chief the Twelfth Day of June, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-four.

Geo. Thomas.

Which Act having been perused and considered by the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations, and by them presented to his Majesty at this Board as fit to be confirmed; his Majesty was this Day pleased, with the Advice of his Privy Council, to declare his Approbation thereof. And pursuant to his Majesty's Royal Pleasure thereupon expressed, the said Act is hereby confirmed, finally enacted, and ratified accordingly; whereof the Governor, or Commander in Chief, of his Majesty's said Leezoard Charibbee Islands for the Time being, and all others whom it may concern, are to take Notice, and govern themselves accordingly.

W. Sharpe.

Monferrat, September 1, 1760, this Act was published,

per Thomas Dorsett, D. P. M.

Recorded this 225th Day of October, 1760.

Terry Legay, D. Secretary.

_1755* W 153*

Expired. 6s. on every Slave. Aflefifinent 15 of.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all pvMic Billiard Tables.

An

165

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon alt Slaves<

1755-

2*. on every Slave,

w 154

Expired.

1756."

An Act to lay a Pott Tax upon Staves, and to tax the Houses

in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all g*- every public Billiard Tables. Assessment

An Act for the better Fortifying this If and.

}756-

i56-

Expired.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, the Town o/" Plymouth and Places public Billiard Tables.

• . 1 / 0 i

and to tax the Houses m 157. adjacent thereto, and all

every Slave.

Assessment

200l.

17^8

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in 15%. the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all

public Billiard Tables. every Slave.

1 ~ Assessment

15 of.

T t An -

i66

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

iox. 6d, on every Slave, AsseiTment 150l.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Tozvn of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

1. J py 'y* _ t

3$° 160. An Act for constituting a Court Merchant.

Expired.

ay a Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in

Expired. the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all su°r. °very public Billiard Tables.

Assessment

150^.

1760. An Act to impose a Duty on Mola/fes, Syrrups, and Rum imported 0° *62. into this Island.

Expired. J

1761. 0° 163:

Expired. qj. on every Slave.

Assessment 150 1%

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

167

An Act for the better Government of Free Negroes, and for dif- 1761. coUr aging and prohibiting of Traffic with them and with all Slaves.

An Act for raising a Number of able bodied Slaves to serve aJ ij6l. Pioneers against the Island of Martinico, or such other Islands 00 165. in these Seas as shall be attacked by his Majesty's Forces. Expired.

1762.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the 1^6.

' J kxpirecu

Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public on every Billiard Tables. Assessment

150l.

17%.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the 0° 107. Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all public g^onevery Billiard Tables. Sment

150l.

1764.'

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in

the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all5S- 6A?n

77. ‘77- 7 77 J 3 every Slavi

public Billiard Tables. Anyrment

150A

An

i68

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1764- An Act to Naturalize John Heyliger and his Son Abraham

Heyliger.

An Act to Naturalize William Heyliger the Son of Abraham5 s'? I7°i Elizabeth Renee Heyliger Wife of said William Adriana Heyliger, and Mary Louisa Heyliger, Children of the said William and Elizabeth Renee.

1765. An Act to Naturalize Daniel Haley and his Daughter Mary 17I- Louisa Haley, and Arend Belitz.

765-

ex° hid2* Jl^n Iay a T°H Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in

s. 6d. on ’ the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all

Affe&menV" public Billiard Tables.

150l.

765

An Act for the Relief of John Symes an insolvent Debtor.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

169

1766.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all pub- |*a°"every lie Billiard Tables. Affcnvnent

150l.

An Act for constituting a Court Merchant.

1766.

175*

Expired.

1767.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the 3®° i7^°' Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables»

on

every Slave* Afle Ament 150

An Act for attaching Monies, Goods, Chattels, and EffeSls in the 1767. Island of Montferratj belonging to Persons absent therefrom0 0° 177.

U u

An

170

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

178.

[Preamble.]

Council and Assembly or Committee •appointed to nominate Surveyors.

Penalty on any Person refusing to a£h

Regulation.

An Aclf 07' cleansing and repairing the Fort Gut, and for secur* ing the Town of Plymouth from any future Inundations.

WHEREAS several Houses next the Fort Gut have been carried away by the Rapidity of the Stream that came down in the Gut in the late Flood., breaking down and overflowing the Banks in several Places, whereby the Town was thereatened with the most imminent Danger; to the End that the fame may be speedily repaired, and the Town efrec-tually secured from any Inundation of Water that may hereafter happen from the Fort Gut; we your Majesty's most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Honourable fames Verchild, Esquire, President of your Majesty's Island of St. Chriflobhcr, and Commander in Chief for the Time being, in and over all his Male fly’s Leexoard Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be in the Power of the Council and Assembly of this Island, or a Committee appointed by their Order, to agree with and employ fuclt Person or Persons as they shall think proper towards repairing the said Fort Gut; and to nominate Surveyors, such a Number as they shall judge necessary, out of the chief Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, the Officers of the Culloms, the Treasurer, Secretary, Marshal, Naval Officer, Gunner of Plymouth Fort, and Coroners for the Time being excepted, to supervise the clearing of the said Gut, and the calling up Banks, Mounds, or Walls, for the Security of the said Town, according to the Directions they shall from Time to Time receive from the Council and Assembly, or a Committee appointed by their Order; and whatever Person so nominated shall neglect or refuse serving as Surveyors of the Fort Gut, upon Notice given him thereof by one of the Constables for the Town of Plymouth, Ilia.Il forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money; and the Surveyors so nominated, or any Three of them, are hereby impowered and required by Warrant, under their Hands and Seals directed to the Constables of each Parish, to summon the Inhabitants of each Parish to fend one able Man out of every Forty Slaves; and as one Negro out of every Forty, may be too great a Number to be easily managed at one Time, it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Council and Assembly "shall have Liberty to order the Surveyors to summon the Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. Anthony and St. Patrick, to lend their Ouota of Negroes one Week, and the Inhabitants of the Parishes of St. George and St. Peter the Week after, and so 01a alternately till the whole be finished; and every Owner of Slaves fit all give in upon Oath to the Members of the Council and Assembly appointed for that Purpose, the Number of Slaves, he, she, or they shall have in their Possession, and be . obliged to fend as above proportioned, and so in Proportion to their Number of Slaves more or less, to repair the said Port Gut, each of which Slaves is to be furnished by the Owner with a good Hoe and Basket; and every Person who is obliged by this Act to fend four Negroes, shall also furnish them with one Iron Crow, two Spades or Shovels, and one Pickaxe-, and in Cafe any of the Iron Crows, Spades, Shovels, or Pick-axes shall be loll, then the Public is hereby obliged to pay for the fame; any Person

The LAPP'S of MONTSERRAT.

71

Person or Persons neglecting or refilling to fend their Quota of Slaves as

aforesaid, after having had Forty-eight Hours Notice thereof, shall forfeit for each Slave he, she, or they shall neglect or refuse {'ending. Six Shil- ivbiicjjTpay ling per Diem current Money of this Island, unless the Person or Persons for th= lots for his or their Neglect or Default therein, shall make good such Deficiency of 1 < >°’j of Negro "Work within Forty-eight Hours, after Notice given by one or negicaingto more of the Surveyors, who are hereby d heeled to give immediate No- lcutl KTc-tice thereof, and that Proof of all such Deficiencies shall be made by s‘oes' Oath of one of the Surveyors, before any of the Justices of the Peace for the said Island, which Oath the said Juliice or Justices are hereby authorized to administer gratis; and that Books shall be kept by the Surveyors, who are hereby required to have all Accounts of Negroes Work settled and bal lanced once a Week, and report the same to the Council and Aflernbly, or a Committee appointed by them; and the Constables Oral I receive out of the public Treasury of this Island Six Pence Currency for each Person summoned, whereof he is immediately to return a List upon Oath to one of the Surveyors.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Per- Allowances, son or Persons that shall attend at the Fort Gut, by the Appointment and Direction of the aforesaid Surveyors, or a Majority of them in the Business afore-mentioned, shall receive out of the public Stock of this Island, any Sum agreed by the said Surveyors or a Majority of them, to be given him or them, not exceeding Seven Shillings and Six Pence per Diem for his or their Attendance.

And that the public Service may not fuller through the Negligence or Insolence of any Man whatever, be it hereby emitted. That three of the Surveyors so nominated as aforesaid, shall (when directed by the Council and Aflernbly, or a Committee appointed by them for that Purpose), give their Attendance to inspect the said Work at lead Three Hours in the Forenoon, and Two Hours in the Afternoon of every Working Day, unless prevented by Sickness or any other unavoidable Accident, under the Penalty of Three Pounds for every Day they (.hall r cnul'y on absent themselves; and in Cafe any of the Surveyors to nominalcti shall fj)r^°rs die, or leave the Island before the Work is fin:Hied, another Iha'ti imme- Attendance.-diately be cholen in his Stead; and if the Surveyors, or a Majority of them, shall find that a Cart, Cattle, or Mules, shall be serviceable in carrying on the Repairs of the Fort Gut, they may employ such Cart, Cattle, and Mules, at their Discretion.

And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors shall be supplied with Treasurer to Ropes, Hand-barrows, and such other Utensils as they shall judge necef- JjjPP'y Utcri-fafy for the compleating this Work, which the Treasurer is hereby ’ required, upon their Application, to supply them with at the Expence of the Public.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall pull down or carry away any Stones, or dig any Earth or Sand, or any Ways impair or undermine any Banks, Mounds, or Walls, which shall be call up for the Security of the said Town, lie,

Ihe, or they shall forfeit for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Penalty for Pounds lawful Money ol this Island, or on Non-Payment thereof suffer ^ff^EartK Six Weeks Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of this Island-, but if the or Sand. Person so offending should happen to be a Slave, then the Owner or Renter of such Slave shall pay the said Forfeiture, provided it be done by the Order or with the Privity of the said Owner or Renter, but if not, then such Slave shall have a public. Whipping in the Town of Plymouth; and to prevent any Disputes that may arise in such Cases, be it, and it is

hereby

17 2 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1767.

May cut through any Land bordering on the Fort Gut, paying for the same.

Fines how to be recovered,

and how applied.

hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Proof shall lie upon the Owner or Renter of fitch Slave, which if he refuse to make upon Oath before a Justice of the Peace, he shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed guilty, and shall be liable to the aforesaid Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds, or on Non-Payment thereof shall suffer Six Weeks Imprisonment in the Common Gaol of this llland, for every such Offence lb committed.

And for the better and more effectual making the Channel equal to the Volume of Water, which may discharge itself in Times of heavy Rains, be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Council and Assembly shall have full Power to cut through any Lands bordering upon the Fort Gut, but previous thereto. Notice shall be given to the Owner or Proprietor of the said Land, or their Represen-tatives; and the Lands so taken and cut through shall be valued and appraised by four Persons, two to be chosen by the Council and Assembly, and two by such Owner, Proprietor, or Representative, and the Sum which the same shall be valued at shall be paid out of the public Stock of the said Island, from the Monies to be raised the ensuing Year.

And be it, and it is hereby also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines and Forfeitures laid by this Act, shall and may be recovered before any one Justice of the Peace, upon Oath of one credible Witness, and levied by his Warrant upon the Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements of the Offender, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be paid into the public Treasury of this Island, to be applied towards repairing the Forts and Fortifications thereof.

And it is also enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That the Office and Power of Surveyors of the Fort Gut, shall cease, determine, and no longer be in Force, after the Council and Assembly, or a Committee appointed by their Order, shall judge the same to be sufficiently cleared and secured. Dated in Montserrat this Third Day of December, in the Eighth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven.

Read and passed the Assembly this Tenth Day of October, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-seven.

John Harcum, Clerk to the Assembly. J

;.h

Read and passed the Council this Thirty-first Day of October, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Sixty-Seven.

Terry Legay, D. Secretary.

Earle Daniell, Speaker.

Passed by the Commander in Chief the Third Day of December, 1767.

James

Montserrat, 1 ith December, 17 67, published by John Gordon. D. P. Ml.

Verchild.

Recorded the foregoing, and examined with the Original this 19th of December, 1767.

Terry Legay, D. Secretary.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 173

Anno

A?68°

An Act for holding a Court of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, and for appointing certain Commissioners for the Trial of all Negroes and, Mulattoes, as well Free as Slavess who have been or shall be concerned in a certain Conspiracy, lately imagined and intended to have been executed in the If and of Montserrat.

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency William Woodley, Esquire, Chief Governor of these Islands, during his Government, and for continuing the Duties on Liquors and Licences.

17680

0° 180.

Expired*

' S'

3768=

fn Aftf to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the iff Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all public 10s. *on Billiard Tables*

I/*

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the

Town ^Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto} and all public Expired, Billiard Tables» a8j- °"

a*8j. on every Slave® Assessracnt ssqIb

X 35

An

174

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT,

An Act for raising a sufficient Sum of Money to pay Terry Legay, Esquire, for the Purchase of his House sold to the Public of this If and.

WHEREAS the Legislature of this Island, judging it necessary that ' a proper and convenient Building should be purchased, for the Purpose of holding Courts of Judicature, and for other public Uses, have contracted and agreed with Terry Legay. Esquire, for the Purchase of a certain House in the Town of Plymouth, belonging to the said Terry Preamble Legay, Esquire, and late the Property of James Farritl, deceased, together with the Plot and Parcel of Land belonging to the fame, I'or the Sum of Two Thousand One Hundred Pounds current Gold and Silver Money of this Island; we, your Majesty's moll loyal and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief of your Majesty's Leeveard Charibbcc Hlands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do most humbly pray your Moll Sacred Majesty, that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said I-foule lo purchased as aforesaid, together with the Ground and Soil whereon the fame now Rands, and also the Land to the said House belonging, are and shall be veiled and ellated, and are hereby veiled and estated in your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, to be occu-

Eied and used to and for the Meeting of the Legislature of this Island, for-olding all Courts of Justice, and for serving every other Purpose of Government which shall be approved of and directed by the Council and Assembly of this Island; and to the End that a sufficient Fund may be established and raised for the Payment of the aforesaid Purchase Money, agreed to be paid for the said House and Land, together with Interest thereon, until ablual Payment; and in Order that the fame may be secured to the said Terry Legay, his Executors, Administrators, and A digits, we, your Majesty's said Governor in Chief of your Majesty's Leeward, Cha-ribbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do give and grant unto your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, and humbly pray your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, to accept of the several Sums of Money herein after enabled to be raised and levied, to be applied to the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after mentioned; and therefore humbly pray, that it may be further enabled and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby further enabled-and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsover, having or holding within this Island any Slave or Slaves, or who shall have or hold any Slave or Slaves on the Days,’ tobcCraif°dV *n t^lc Years herein after-mentioned, in their own Right, or in the Right o c r.u e . any otjier Person or Persons whatsoever, flua.II pay by a rateable and proportionable Tax to be made upon each and every f ilch Slave or Slaves before mentioned, in Manner as Poll Taxes are usually raised, as followed!; that is to say, on the Fifteenth Day of May, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy, the Sum of One Hundred and Eighty-two Pounds current Gold and Silver Money of the said Island, being for Thirteen Months Interest due on the aforesaid Sum of Two Thousand One Hundred Pounds, due by the Purchase aforesaid to the said Terry Legay, at the Rate of Eight Pounds for each and every Hundred Pounds per Annum; on the Fifteenth Day of May, in each of the

two

The LAV/S of MONTSERRA T,

175

two succeeding Years, of One Tlioufand Seven Hundred and Seventy- (-----^--,

one, and One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-two, the Sum of *7®9*

One Hundred and Sixty-eight Pounds current Gold and Silver Money ~v' of the said llland, being for the annual Interest to grow due on the aforesaid Sum of Two Thousand One Hundred Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, due by the Purchase aforesaid to the said Terry Legay, at the Rate of Eight Pounds current Gold and Silver Money for each and every Hundred Pounds; and also on the Fifteenth Day of May, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-three, the further Sum of Six Hundred and Ninty-three Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, being Part of the aforesaid Purchase Money, with Interest; included, to the Payments Fifteenth Day of June of the same Year; on the Fifteenth Day of May, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four, the Sum of Six Hundred and Fifty-one Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, being Part of the aforesaid Purchase Money, with Interest: included to the Fifteenth Day of June of the same Year; .on the Fifteenth Day of May, in the Year One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-five, the Sum of Six Hundred and Nine Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, being Part of the aforesaid Purchase Money, with Interest included to the Fifteenth Day of June of the same Year; and lastly, on the Fifteenth Day of May, in the Year One Tlioufand Seven Hundred and Seventy-six, the Sum of Five Hundred and Sixty-seven Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, being the Remainder of the aforesaid Purchase Money, with Interest included to the Fifteenth Day of June of the same Year; all which Payments 1 Hall be made into the Hands of the Treasurer of this llland for the Time being, or his lawful Deputy, who is hereby directed to pay the same on the Fifteenth Day of June, to which Time the Interest; of the said Purchase Money is calculated in each respective Year, to the said Terry Legay, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the Purposes before mentioned.

And be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Terry Legay, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, No Building or Assigns, shall leave a Space of Ten Feet between the South Corners of withirTio Cd the PXoufe so purchased as aforesaid, and any Building that may hereafter Feet of the be erected upon the Plot of Land adjoining the Property of him the said CourtHouse.

Terry Legay.

And be it hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Account of the Number of Slaves taken annually by the Legil-

lature of this llland, in Order to regulate the Poll Tax for defraying the

contingent Charges of Government, shall lerve in every respective Year

to ascertain the Sum which each Owner or Possessor of any Slave or Slaves in the said llland, is to be debited with for the Discharge of the aforesaid several Sums of Money due and owing to the said Terry Legay,

provided such Account of the Number of such Slaves be taken in each

respective Year, on or before the Tenth Day of April; and in Order to make the aforesaid several Payments certain to the said Terry Legay, his totakeAc-

Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, if by Oraiffion or Neglect count of

in the Legislature, no Poll is taken on or before the said Tenth of April w^eof the

in each respective Year, he the said Terry Legay, his Heirs, Executors, peace in '«

Administrators, or Assigns, is and are hereby directed to make an imme- eachParifli,

diate Application to one Justice of the Peace in each Parish, and for t"^n offrry

Want of a Justice of the Peace in any such Parish, then to a Justice of Lc«ay, may.

the Peace in a neighbouring Parish, who is hereby authorized and directed to issue his Warrant Five Days after such Application is made to any

Constable or Constables in each respective Parish, and for Want of such

Constable,

176

The LAWS of MO NTSERRA T.

.1769.

Justice to make return to the Treasurer,

who may levy for the Tax,

and in Failure of Payment, may commit to the common Gaol.

Goods, levied upon, when and how to be sold.

Surplus, if any, how to be disposed of.

Treasurer’s Deedof Sale valid.

Penalty for rendering an unjust Account of Slaves,

how to be applied.

Constable, to any Constable in a neighbouring Parish, to summon every' Owner or Possessor of any Slave or Slaves in such Parish, to attend Ten Days after the Date of the said Warrant (Notice being given by the Constable, Forty-eight Flours before such Attendance) at some convenient Place in the said Parish, when and where each Owner or Possess'or of any Slave or Slaves in the said Island, shall upon Oath tendered by the said Just ice, render a just and true Account of the Number of any Slave or Slaves that he or she is possessed of, either in his or her own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons; and the said Justice is hereby directed to make a Return thereof, and of the Lift of Inhabitants fumaion-ed (which Lift shall be delivered in and {worn to by the Constable in each Parish) in Five Days after taking such Account of Slaves, to the Treasurer or his lawful Deputy, who has full Power and Authority, from any Failure of Payment in any Person or Persons whatsoever, to levy for the aforesaid several Sums, including all Costs and Charges (according to a rateable and proportionable Tax as before mentioned), either by himself or his lawful Deputy, or by any Constable of the Island aforesaid, by Virtue of a Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to the said Constable, first upon the Goods and Chattels, then upon the Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, or Hereditaments, and for Want of such to levy upon and imprison in the common Gaol of this Island, until such Tax whh Costs and Charges are paid, the Body or Bodies of such Person and Persons so neglecting to pay the said Tax-, and in Case of the Sickness of any of the aforesaid Justices of the Peace, or of any other just Cause for their Non-Attendance, they are hereby directed to give Notice to any other Justice nearest to the Place of taking the Poll, that such Justice may attend and do the Duty already directed.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Goods and Chattels, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Annuities, and Hereditaments, so levied upon, shall be sold at public Outcry to the highest Bidder in the Town of Plymouth, for ready Gold and Silver Money, Fourteen Days after such Levy is made, public Notice being given in the usual Manner by the Treasurer or his Deputy, of such intended Sale at the Time of the Levy; and the Monies arising from such Sale shall be carried to the Payment of the aforesaid several Sums of Money, due to the said Terry Legay in each respective Year; and if any Surplus, after paying and satisfying the aforesaid Sums due to the said Terry Legay, and all incidental Charges, shall remain, the same shall be instantly returned to the Person thereto intitled by Law; and the Treasurer’s Sale executed by himself or his Deputy, and acknowledged before the Register of Deeds of Montserrat for the Time being, and duly recorded in the Register’s Office of Montserrat, shall be good for such Title and Estate as the Owner could lawfully convey.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall neglect to pay or to render a just Account of the Number of his, her, or their Slaves, after being duly ffimmoned so to do by the proper Constable appointed for that Purpose, he, she, or they so neglecting, shall be taxed in double the Sum that is specified in this Act by the Treaftirer or his Deputy, to be recovered as aforesaid, by making the best Enquiry that may be, of what Number of Slaves he, she, or they, were pbfleflecl of at the Time when the Poll ought to have been taken; and all such Sum or Sums of Money, which the aforesaid Person or Persons shall make appear by Oath to the Legislature of this Island, were imposed upon them for his, her, or ther Neglect, over and above the Tax directed to be raised by this Law, shall be returned to the said Person

or

i77

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

or Persons the following Year without Interest, but shall be until then

applied to the Use of the Forts and Fortifications of this Island. , 1709* __

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every v Justice of the Peace being so applied to by the said Terry Legay, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and refusing or neglecting to dfo any the Matters herein before mentioned, to be by such Justices done or executed, shall forfeit and pay Twenty Pounds current Money oI Mont- Penalty on ferr at, to be recovered in the Name of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, ^-31"sRe" or in the Name of the Treasurer of Montserrat for the Time being, in any Court of Record of Montserrat, by Information, or Action of Debt, how to be with full Colls of Suit, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, lccovered* to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of Montserrat for the Time being, and to be applied towards the Support of the Forts and Fortifica- Ho'^ be tions of this Island, and to be determined in the Court where first begun, app IC not to be liable to be removed by Certiorare or otherwise, except by Writ of Error, if such Writ of Error may be had by Law, and agreeable to his Majesty's Royal Instructions to his said Chief Governor; likewise every c^liftabie’s Constable refusing or neglecting to do any the Matters herein before re- Refufei, quired to be by such Constables done or executed, shall forfeit and pay Ten Pounds, to be recovered in like Manner as mentioned for the Reco- to be recovery of the Fines from the Justices of the Peace; and further, if any Con- ™d ™lik® liable shall refuse or neglefcl to execute any Warrant from the Treasurer anner-or his Deputy, under his Hand and Seal, for the levying of any Execution, he the said Constable shall be committed to Prison for one Kalendar Month, by a Warrant from the said Treasurer or his Deputy, directed to the Provost Marshal of Montserrat or his lawful Deputy.

And be it, and it is hereby further enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That if sufficient Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, or sufficient Lands, Tenements, Annuities, or Hereditaments, as are herein before mentioned,

shall or may be found, or the Defaulter s Body be taken, then the Treasurer

for the Time being shall, and is hereby required to levy and raise, in Treasurer to

each Year aforesaid, all and every the Sum and Sums hereby enacted to

he raised in each such Year respectively, or to take the Defaulter’s Body, if ficent Sums

to be found, as herein before directed, on or before the Fifteenth Day of 1° PaX eacll

June in each of the fame Years, and in Default of so doing shall be ac- n a men

countable for, and pay out of his own Estate, all Sum and Sums of

Money not duly levied and raised; but yet, nevertheless, the same Sums

may be afterwards levied on the Defaulters, and their respective Estates,

to reimburse the Treasurer for what he shall be compelled to pay out of his own Estate.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Change or Alteration in the Property of any Slave or Slaves, made after the Poll is taken, shall in any Respect prevent such Property from being liable to pay the aforesaid Tax, and in Case the said Tax shall not be compleatly raised and paid to the said Terry Legay-in each respective Year, then a further Sum shall be raised the ensuing Year in Manner as before directed, to make good such Ballance unpaid to the said Terry Legay, with Interest thereon to the Fifteenth Day of June following in each respective Year. Dated in Mon ferr at this Tenth Day of February, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in, the Year of our Lord Oiie Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy.

Y y

Rea&

178 The . LAWS of MONXSER RAT.

Read and passed the Assembly this"] ["Read and palfed the Council this Seventeenth Day of June, One j Ninth Day of December, One Thousand Seven Hundred and f .Thousand Seven Hundred and

Sixty-nine. j j Sixty-nine.

John Harcum, Clerk of the Af- I Terry Legdy, D. Secretary,

fembly. j

Ellis lies. Speakeri

Wm. ( G. S. Woodty.

Published 15th February, 1770,

John Gordon, 3D. P. M.

Montserrat, Recorded this Act the Seventeenth Day of February, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy.

Terry Legay, D. Secretary.

1770.

IT 184. An to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses iosfonC in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and Affe&mmT* all public Billiard Tables.

aoo I.

*779* An Act for constituting a Court of Chancery to be held in and for ®°‘8S- J this Island.

"HE RE AS by the present Constitution of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, the Captain General or Commander in Chief for the Time being, in and over all your Majesty's Leeward Charib-bee Islands in America, is foie Chancellor of this Island, and whereas your Majesty's Island of Antigua hath for many Years last past been the Place of Residence of your laid Captain General, and by Reason thereof,

such

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT,

*73

such of your Majesty's Subjects of this your Island of Montserrat, as have been Suitors of the said Court of Chancery held for this Island, before t *7 the said Captain General at Antigua, have been great Sufferers by the v’ Delays attending their Suits, which together with other Inconveniencies put Suitors under extreme Difficulties and Discouragemerits; and whereas Preamble, the Inhabitants of Antigua have found great Advantages and Ease front the present Constitution of that Island, by which the Court of Chancery there consists of the Captain General or Commander in Chief of your Majesty's Charibbee Islands for the Time being, and five or more of the Members of the Council of that Island; and in Case of the Absence of the said Captain General or Commander in Chief for the Time being, from the said Island in any other Island in his Government or else where, the President of the Council of the said Island doth preside in the said Court of Chancery there, and by Reason thereof, the great Delays and Inconveniencies, which formerly arole in that Island by the Court of Chancery being held by one Person, have been happily avoided, to the great Encouragement of Trade and Security of Property, and to the great Satisfaction of all your Majesty's Subjects of that Island: We therefore, your Majesty's most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, humbly pray your most Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all and every Court or Courts of Chancery, Court to 'which shall be holden for this Island, shall be holden in the Town of Ply- Commander mouthin the said Island, and shall consist of, and be holden by the Captain in Chief and General or Governor in Chief of the said Leeward Islands, the Lieutenant s Members General or Commander in Chief if upon this Island, and five of the Coun- °7hc Coun' cil of this Island at leaf!*

Provided always, That hi Cafe of the Absence of the Captain General, the Ab-_Lieutenant General, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, that the captain Go-Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or President of the said Island, ncrai, the with Four of the Council at least, shall form a Court of Chancery in like ^na^Mem Manner, as if the Captain General, Lieutenant General, or Commander in bers of theT~ Chief were present. Council will

Provided always, nevertheless, and be it, and it is hereby enacted 3

and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Injunctions, Subpoenas, All Writs to and other Process, issuing out of the said Court, shall be granted, signed, ^d^eaied and sealed by the Captain General, Lieutenant General, or Commander usual.6 in Chief for the Time being, as hath been usual, and no otherwish; and all Fees, Profits, and Perquisites, heretofore paid to the Chancellor of this Island, shall be paid to the Cap tain. General, Lieutenant General, or Commander in Chief for the Time being, as hath been heretofore used, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mem- No Member her of the Council, who now is or shall be appointed a Judge of the °ii ifa Judge-Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas for the said Island, shall fit in of the Court the said Court of Chancery, in any Cause which may have been primarily of f determined in the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and fit, ifthe afterwards brought into the said Court of Chancery; but in every other Cause has Instance, such Member is hereby fully authorized to fit jand determine in mined b^or like Manner, as other Members of the Council , before him

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That!Nothing court of in this Act contained, fir all be of any Force or Effect whatsoever, until his s?and°c. p[ Majesty shall have signified and declared his Royal Assent hereto; any Suspending

Thing cuufc.

i8o

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

i--- A---1 Thing herein contained to the contrary in ain'y wise notwithstanding.

1770. Dated in Montserrat this Second Day of July, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy.

Read and passed the Assembly this"! fRead and passed the Council this Twenty-fifth Day of June, One j Twenty-seventh Day of June,

Thousand Seven Hundred and M One Thousand Seven Hundred

Seventy. f j and Seventy.

John Harcum, Clerk to the Af- i Terry Legay, Clerk to the Coun^ fembly. J cih

Ellis Isles, Speaker.

William

Passed by the Governor in Chief 2d July, 1770.

Woodly.

Published this Act the Eleventh Day Hundred and Seventy.

of July, One Thousand Seven

Robert Piper, D. F. M.

Moiifcrrat, Recorded this Act this iith Day of July, 1770.

Terry Legay, D. Secretary.

At the Court at St. James’s, the 7th

Day of Aprils 17730

PRESENT,

The King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

Lord President, Earl of Suffolk, Earl of Sandwich,

Earl of Rockford, Earl of Dartmouth, Lord Manffidd.

WHEREAS

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

181

WHEREAS by Commission under the Great Seal of Great Britain, ilie Governor, Council, and Assemblies of his Majesty s Leeward Charibbee Jfands, are authorized and impomered to make, confi-tute, are/ ordain Lazos, Statutes, are/ Ordinances for the public Peace, Welfare, and good Government of the said Jfands, which Laws, Statutes, and Ordinances, are to be as near as conveniently may be agreeable to the Laws and Statutes of this Kingdom, are/ are be transnitted for his Majests Royal Approbation or Disallowance. And whereas in Piafuance of the said. Powers, an Act was passed in the If and of Montserrat, are of the said Leeward Charibbee Jfands, z/z July 1770, are/ transnitted, intituled asfollows, viz.

[Preamble.]

yin AH for constituting a Court of Chancery to be held in and for

this if and.

WHICH AH, together with .a Representation from the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations thereupon, having been referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the Lords of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council for Plantation Affairs, the said Confirm*. Lords of the Committee did this Day report as their Opinion to his tioni Majesty, that the said Act was proper to be approved; his Majesty taking the fame into Consideration, was pleased with the Advice of his Privy Council, to declare his Approbation of the said Act, and pursuant to his Majesty's Royal Pleasure thereupon expressed, the said Act is hereby confirmed, finally enacted, and ratified accordingly, whereof the Governor or Commander in Chief of his Majesty's said Leeward Charibbee Islands for the Time being, and all others whom it may concern, are to take Notice and govern themselves accordingly.

Stephen Cottrell,

Montserrat, September 16, 1773, published this Day,

Oliver Yearns. Ash, Dep. Pro. Mar.

Recorded this Seventeenth Day <of September, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-three.

Dan1. Carpenter, D. Se£b\

Z z

An

182

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

fc.

37;o.

___N___)

186. An Act for reviving of AHions and Process lately depending in the Court of King’ s-hench and Common-pleas for this If and, in the Month of August laf, and discontinued by the not holding of the said Court on the Seventeenth Day of the fame Month, and for supplying other DcfcHs relating to Proceedings at Lazo.

[Preamble.]

Revival of SuitSj ££c.

WHEREAS by Reason of the Non-attendance of some of the ’ Justices of the Court of ICing’s-bench and Common-pleas, on Tuesday the Seventeenth Day of August lait. the said Court could not be holden, and the several Actions to come to Trial, and other Matters to be argued at the said Court, were discontinued, for which, if due Provision be not made, great Delay of Justice, and consequently great Expences to the Suitors in the said Court will ensue; therefore for the continuing and reviving all Manner of Actions or Pleas lately depending, and all Manner of Process that was returnable or depending in the said Court, and which were discontinued and put without Day by the not holding the said Court; and in Order that the several Suitors herein may have the Benefit and Advantage of bringing their Actions to Trial at the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, to be held in and for this Island in the Month of March next: We your Majesty's most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Commander in Chief in and over your Majesty's Lcezuard Charibbee lllands in America, and the Council and Assembly of your Majesty's Island of Monifterrat, do humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Pleas, Actions, Suits, Plaints, Process, Precept, or other Thing or Things whatsoever,

E leaded, returned, or depending in the said Court on the Seventeenth say of August last, or on the Day immediately preceding, and which were discontinued and put without Day by Reason of the not holding the said Court on the said Seventeenth Day of August, shall be revived and continued, and that all and singular the said Pleas, Writs, Actions, Suits, Plaints, Process, Precepts, and other the Premisses aforesaid, shall stand continued and be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and shall and may be proceeded upon and prosecuted in the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, to be holden in the Month of March next, in like Manner as if the said Court had been actually kept and holden on the said Seventeenth Day of August, and the said Pleas, Writs, Actions, Suits, Plaints, Process, Precepts, and other the Premisses aforesaid, had been regularly adjourned to the Month of March next, any Law, Statute, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Dated in Monifterrat this Sixteenth Day of November, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy,

Read

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Read and patted the Attembly, this Twenty-ninth Day of September,' One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy.

John Harcum, Clk. to the Assembly. J L

f Read and patted the Council this j Twenty-seventh Day of October, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy.

Terry Legay, Clk. to the Council.

Ellis lies, Speaker.

Published this Act this 27th November, 1770,

Robert Piper, D. P. M.

Montserrat, Recorded this Acti this 27th November, 1770.

Terry Legay, D. Se£t>\

An Act for the Relief of John Roache and George Washing- 1770. ton, insolvent Debtors in the Common Gaol of this If and I^7*

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses

in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all Expired. public Billiard Tables. fiave.c'oiy

Assessment

£zxi o 8

An

184

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

*77 2. |B° 189.

Expired,

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency Sir Ralph Payne, Knight of the Bath, Chief Governor of these Ifands, during his Government.

Expired." An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in siav°nevery the Tozun of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all Assessment public Billiard Tables.

a oil.

1772. An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other ^Expired" frong Waters sold by Retail, and applying the same.

is. on every Gallon*

5° 192. An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in Expired. ijie Down of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and to

n/.onevery y im jy

slave. tax alt public Billiard Tables.

Assessment 1

tool.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 185

An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement oj- Jufice in this Island.

0° 193*

HERE AS the Laws of this Island are at present in many Instances v defective and imperfect, for the Amendment of the fame therefore, and for the ealier, speedier, and better Advancement of Justice, we your Majesty's most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Preamble; Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward. Charibbee Ulands in America, and the Council and Assembly of your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do humbly pray' your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, a^nd be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Advantage or Exception shall be taken of or for an immaterial Traverse, or of or for the Default of entering Pledges, upon any Bill or Declaration, or of or for the Default of alledging the bringing into Court any Bond, Bill, or Indenture, or any Deed whatsoever mentioned in the Declaration or other Pleading, or of or for In y1™1 the Default of alledging of the bringing into Court Letters Testamentary, ^cpt" or Letters of Administration, or of or for the Omission of Vi et Armis et, Advantage Contra Pacem. or either of them, or of or for the Want of Averment of bo

Hoc par atus ejl vzrijicare, or Hoc par at us ijt. verijicare per rccordum, or of or for not alledging Prout paid per record-urn; but the Court shall give Judgment according to the’ very Right of the Cause as aforesaid, without regarding any such Imperfedlions, omissions, and Defects, or any other Matter of like Nature, except the same shall be specially and particularly set down and shewn for Caule of Demurrer.

And be it further enacted by the Authority'- aforesaid, That where any Action of Debt shall be brought upon any single Bill, or where Action of Debt, or Scire, facias, shall be brought upon any Judgment, if the Defendant hath paid the Money due upon such Bill or Judgment, such Payunent shall and may be pleaded in Bar of such Action or Suit; and where any Action of Debt is brought upon any Bond which hath a Condition or Defeazance, to make void the fame upon Payment of a lesser Sum at a Day and Place certain, if the Obligor, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, have before the Action brought paid to the Obligee, his Executors or Administrators, the Principal and Interest due by the Defeazance or Condition of such Bond, though such Payment was not made llridlly according to the Condition or Defeazance, yet it shall and may nevertheless be pleaded in Bar of such Action, and shall be as' Pleas in Bar. effectual a Bar thereof, as if the Money had been paid at the Day and Place according to the Condition or Defeazance, and had been so pleaded.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time pending an Action upon any such Bond with a Penalty', the Defendant shall bring into Court where the Action shall be depending, all the paid in Principal Money' and Interest due on such Bond, and also all such Costs c°urt,shall as have been expended in any Suit or Suits in Latv or Equity upon such f^nSatisfac-Bond, the said Money so brought in shall be deemed and taken to be non. in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the said Bond, and the Court shall and may' give Judgment to discharge every such Defendant of and from the same.

3 A

And

186

V"

Auditors appointed by the Court, by whom to be paid.

Mutual Debts to be pleaded, if notice thereof be giver.

Bond or Specialty.intended to tc

set off, shall be pleaded in Bar.

[Proviso.]

Current Money shall not be a Sct-off against Sterling and Current G, &. $. Money; but Stci ling or Current G, & S. Money may be set off against current Money.

"Writs of Scirejacidf,

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Actions of Account shall and may be brought and maintained against the Executors and Administrators of every Guardian, Bailiff, and Receiver, and also by one joint Tenant and Tenant in Common, his Executors and Administrators, against the other, as Bailiffs for receiving more than comes to his j' ft Share and Proportion, and against the Executor and Adminif-trator of such Joint Tenant or Tenant in Common, and the Auditors appointed by the Court where such Action shall be depending, shall be and are hereby impowered to administer an Oath, and examine the Parties touching the Matters in Question, and for their Pains and Trouble in auditing and taking such Account, have such Allowance as the Court shall adjudge to be reasonable, to be paid by the Party on whose Side the Ballance of the Account shall appear to be.

[General Issue.]

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there are mutual Debts between the Plaintiff and Defendant, or if either Party sue or be sued as Executor or Adminiflj^itor, where there are mutual Debts between the Tellator or Inteflate, and either Party, one Debt may be let against the other, and such Matter may be given in Evidence upon the general Issue, or pleaded in Bar, as the Nature of the Cafe shall require, so as at the Time of pleading the General Issue where such Debt is intended to be looked upon in Evidence, Notice shall be given of the particular Sum or Debt so intended to be infilled on, and upon what Account it became due, or otherwise such Matter shall not be allowed in Evidence upon such

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cafes where either the Debt for ?. hich the Action hath been, or shall be brought, or the Debt intended to be set againPc the fame hath accrued or shall accrue, by Reason of a Penalty contained, in any Bond or Specialty, the Debt intended to be set off shall be pleaded in Bar, in which Plea shall be shewn how much is truly and justly due on either Side, and in Case the Plaintiff shall recover in any such Action or Suit, Judgment shall be entered for no more than shall appear to be truly and justly due to the Plaintiff, after one Debt being set against the other as aforesaid.

Provided always, That such Defendant shall at least Ten Days before the Court Day at which any Action commenced against him, may in the Course of the Court be brought to Trial, file in the Secretary’s Office of this Island, such Plea in Bar, or Notice of Set-off, and deliver a Copy thereof to the other Side, otherwise such Defendant shall be precluded all Benefit and Advantage therefrom.

Provided also. That no Defendant or Defendants whatsoever shall be at Liberty to set any Debt or Debts for current Money, against any Action or Actions which may or shall be brought for Sterling Money of Great Britain, or the Specie of current Go-Id and Silver Money; but nevertheless, in Cafe any Action or Actions shall be brought for current Money, the Defendant or Defendants against whom such Action or Actions shall be brought, may set any Debt or Debts for Sterling Money of Great Britain, or current Gold or Silver Money, against such Action or Actions, if he or they shall think proper.

And whereas by a Clattfe in an Act of this Island, intituled, "An Act for tire establishing of a Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for the more speedy Execution of Justice, and for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket, settled by his Excellency by the Advice of the Council;" it is enacted, That all Writs of Scire facias, to revive-judg- menta

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 187

ments to be given in the said Court, or which were given in any former <—1 Court, {.hall be served Six Days before the Court Day on which the fame ?T_j shall be returnable, and the Service thereof to be ini such Manner as Writs v’ of Summons are to be served, and if the Defendant plead not thereto at the fame Court, the Judgment shall hand and be revived.

And whereas Writs of Scire, facias aire sometimes brought in the said Court against Executors and Administrators, and also against Tefretenants and other Persons in auter droit, of the Revival of Judgments, which from their Nature and the particular Circumstances attending the bringing of such Writs, require more Time for pleading thereto than is allowed by Virtue of said Act: Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid,-That where any Executor or Administrator, or any Tertenant, or other Executor or Person in auter droit, upon whom such Scire facias shall be served as Admin ilha-aforesaid, shall find it necessary to plead any special Matter, thereto, he, p>er1’fons°iner fire, or they, may have upon Motion at the Court, at which the Judg- outer droit;

- ment is to be revived, (of which Motion Notice is to be given to the

adverse ParLy, his Council, or Attorney, at leaf! Twenty-four Hours be- bcinggiven fore the Day appointed for holding the said Court,) obtain Time until 24 Hours Ten Days before the Second Court, for pleading such special Plea, when thereto") oi>-the fame shall be filed in the Secretary’s Office of this Illarid, and a Copy tain Leave thereof delivered to the other Side Ten Days before such Court, and the Plaintiff shall file and deliver his, her, or their Demurrer or Replication, piead 10 or other Matter by him, her, or them, to be pleaded Six Days before; the Days before Court Day, otherwise the Defendant shall have Day till the Third Court.

Dated in St. Christophers this Fourteenth Day of May, in the Thir- Plea to be teenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, J?rvf-d' . by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, De- or Semurre". fender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-three.

Read and passed the Assembly thisj Twenty-seventh Day of January, j One Thousand Seven Hundred I and Seventy-three.

John Harcum, Clk. to the Assembly.

'Read and passed the Council this Thirty-nrft Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-three.

Daniel Carpenter, Clk. to the Council.

Ellis lies, Speaker.

Paflccf by the Governor in Chief this Fourteenth Day of May, 1773.

Ralph

Published this Twenty-: sixth Day of May, One Thousand Seven Hun-

Idred and Seventy-three. Oliver Yearns. Ash, D. P. M. Great SeaL'v Payne.

Recorded this Twenty-seventh Day of May, ' One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-three. ’ •. 1'

Daniel Carpenter,ti. Secretary.

An.

i88

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Anno

J 773-194-

Not confirmed.

An Act for effectually repairing and amending the Highways in this Island, and cleansing the Streets in the Town of Plymouth, and to repeal the several Acts now in Force in this Island, for repairing and amending the Highways, and for the Appointment of Surveyors thereof and for the Town of Plymouth.

1773. An Act Supplementary to an Act, intituled, "An Act for raifng

0° 195* " a f efficient Sum of Money to pay Terry Legay, Esquire,

" for the Purchase of his House sold to the Public of this ie Island A.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, "An Act for raising a sufficient Sum " of Money to pay Terry Legay, E (quire, for the Purchase of his House, " sold to the Public of this Island,'’ the Legislature then judging it necessary that a proper and convenient Building should be purchased for the Purpose of holding Courts of Judicature, and for other public Uses, Tieambi and having contrafted and agreed with the said Terry Legay, for the Pur-e’ chafe of a certain House in the Town of Plymouth, the Property of the said Terry Legay, with the Plot and Parcel of Land belonging to the fame, for the Sum of Two Thousand One Hundred Pounds current Gold and Silver Money of this Island; it was enacted, That the said House, together with the Ground and Soil whereon the fame Hands, and also the Land to the said House belonging, should be veiled and ellated in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to be occupied and used to and for the Meeting of the Legislature of this Island for holding all Courts of Justice, and for serving every other Purpose of Government which should be approved of and directed by the Council and Assembly of this Island; and whereas by the said recited Act, and a sufficient Fund was established and raised for the Payment of the aforesaid Purchase Money, agreed to be payed for the said House and Land, together with the Interest thereon, until actual Payment by Inllallments, the greater Part whereof has been paid unto the said Terry Legay; but forasmuch as no Conveyance,or Assurance in Law of the said. I-Ioufe and Land, hath been executed by the said Terry Legay, pursuant to the Contraft and Agree-menpaforesaid, by Reason of the said recited Act not having nominated and' appointed' proper Persons for taking an absolute Conveyance and Sale of the said House and Land, to and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid; for Remedy whereof, and forasmuch as the said Terry / Legay, and Ann his Wife.

are

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

189

are willing and ready to execute every such Assurance in Law, as shall be 1-^->

advised and required to such Persons so to be nominated and appointed , 1773m J as aforesaid, for unalienably veiling the said Premisses to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Use and Purposes aforesaid, freed, and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and indemnified of, from, and against all Right, Title, and Claim of Dower, of, from, and by her the said Ann, and of, from, and against all other Estates,

Uses, Trusts, Intails, Dowers, Charges, Incumbrances, Titles, Claims, and Demands whatsoever; but subject to the Payments in the said recited Act mentioned, to be made and paid to the said Terry Legay.

We therefore your Majesty's most dutiful, loyal, and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, humbly pray your most Sacred Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Two or Majesty's said Council and Assembly of the said Island of Montserrat, now or for the Time being, or any Two or more of them of each House, each House in their Names, or in the Names of any Three or more of them, to take to takepro-such proper, necessary, and usual Conveyances and Assurances in Law, anecs fro'm7' from the said Terry Legay and Ann his Wife, as shall by Council learned Terry,Legay in the Law, be advisea, devised, and required, for the absolute Purchase hii

or Sale, to or for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of all 1 w or any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, which he the said Terry Legay and Ann his Wife, or any other Person or Persons, now have or claim, or can or may have or claim, in or to the said House, together with the Ground and Soil whereon the fame stands, and also the Land to the said House belonging, to be occupied and used to and for the Meeting of the Legislature of this Island, for holding all Courts of Justice, and for serving other Purposes of Government, which should be approved of and directed by the Council and Assembly of this Island; subject nevertheless to the several Payments or Installments to be made and paid to the said Terry Legay, in Manner and Form as in and by the said recited Act are provided and made payable. Dated in St. Ckrifopker’s this Nineteenth Day of January, in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four.

Read and passed the Assembly this") ("Read and passed the Council this Sixteenth Day of October, One Thirtieth Day of October, One Thousand Seven Hundred and . J Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-three. :; Seventy-three.

John Harcum, Clk. to die Af- J J Daniel Carpenter, Clk. to the fembly. j (_ Council.

Ellis lies, Speaker.

Ralph f

G. S.

Pay-

ne.

3 B

Passed

ig°

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1773

- V--

i Paflecl the Governor in Chief this Nineteenth Day of January, 1774,

Recorded this Twenty-ninth Day of January, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four.

Daniel Carpenter, D. Sccfy.

Published this Twenty-ninth of January, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-four.

Oliver Yeamans Ash, Dep. Pro. Mar.

*774-

Expired. An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses every Slave. Z7Z the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and £«om|nt9 till public Billiard Tables.

1774* An Act to regulate the Assize and Price of Bread, the Prices of Butchers Meat, Poultry, and Fish, and to prevent Abuses in the Fishery about this If and.

An

*775-0° 198.

j&xpircd.

An Act for constituting a Court Merchant.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

191

1775-

*99-

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, to tax the Sugar, Rum, and Cotton already made, produced, flipped, and paid away, 9*. on and to be made, produced, shipped, and paid away from the Assessment Crop of the present Year, One Thousand Seven Hundred and ^‘9<514 0 Seventy-fve, the Houses in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other Strong 0° 200. Waters sold by Retail, and for applying the same to the public ftTot Uses of this Island. ^7 Gal-

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

177S.

201.

Expired. 6s. on every Slave* Assessment 2oo£>

An Act to lay an additional Poll Tax upon all Slaves in this 1776. Island, for the Purpose of raifng a Fund for the Pur- zoz. chafe of Provisions for the Use of the Poor, and others the In- 2.s. onevery habitants thereof \ slavCo

192

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

2°3' An Act to alter, amend, and explain an Act, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, An Act for settling the Militia of this Island, and also for the better Regulation of the Militia.

[Preamble.]

The Troop to confiflof i Squadron of Light Dragoons; the Foot to consist of 3 Companies and a Company of Grenadiers. Who are to serve.

None to serve in the Troop unless properly qualified. Troop to consistofnot less than 40 or more than 60.

Vacancy in the Troop; the Commanding Officer to recommend those that are proper;but mull give previous Notice thereof to the Colonel of the Regi-to which such Person belongs.

WHEREAS an Act dated the Eleventh Day of June, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fifty-two, and intituled, "An Act to repeal an Act, intituled, An Act for settling the Mi-litia of this Island, and also for the better Regulation of the Militia," is in many Respebts very defe£tive, and in some others so inconvenient, that without a Law to alter, amend, and explain the fame, and to supply the Defebts thereof, an exact and regular Discipline of our Militia cannot be introduced and kept up; and whereas our Vicinity to the French Islands makes it necessary, that our zohole Force should be constantly preserved in as good a Posture, and under as strict Discipline as our Circumstances will admit; we, your Majesty's most loyal and obedient Subjects, the Commander in Chief of your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Hlands in America, for the Time being, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority of the same, That our Militia henceforward shall be under the following Regulations, (diat is to say,) our Troop shall be entirely formed into one Squadron of Light Dragoons, who may both serve on Foot and on Horseback, one Regiment of Foot composed of Three different Companies, and a Company of Grenadiers, to be called and distinguished by the Names of the Tozon Company, the Northward Company, the Windward Company, and the Grenadier Company, and that every Man from Fifteen to Sixty Years of Age shall be obliged to do Duty therein, except such as shall be hereafter excepted.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Man redding on this Island at the Publication of this Act, or who may hereafter arrive hereon, shall and is hereby declared, unless otherwise appointed, to belong to that Company of Foot Militia within the Verge of which he shall then happen to reside; and as it is intended that none shall serve in the Dragoons, but such as are properly qualified, they shall from Time to Time be named by the Governor and Council of this Island: Provided always, That the whole Squadron on the Island be never leis than Forty, or more than Sixty effeblive Men, or Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, both included; and whenever it shall so happen, either by Death or Absence from the Island, or otherwise, that the Squadron on the Island be less than Sixty effeblive Men, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of the Squadron, to recommend to the Governor and Council as aforesaid, such Men as may be proper to do Duty in that Corps: Provided always, That such Officers shall give Notice to the Colonel of the Regiment, or Commanding Officer of the Company to which the Men so recommended shall belong. Ten Days before that Meeting of the Council on which they shall be recommended, that such Colonel or Commanding Officer may attend to make any Objections he may have to such Recommendation; and that after

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 193

being once appointed to the Dragoons, no Man shall (without the Content

of the Colonel or Commanding Officer,) be at Liberty to remove himself t_1777* (unless promoted to be a Commissioned* Officer,) to any other Corps, Fineslmpolt under Pain of being fined as directed by this Act, for each Non-atten- ed on any dance in the Squadron of Dragoons, although such Man may do Duty ,1|"Vtj1cec£ult" in any other Corps : Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if Tmopf any Person or Persons, who may have been before, or shall hereafter be although lie appointed to do Duty in the Dragoons as aforesaid, shall be unable from of*hcr Accident', Misfortune, or otherwise, to do Duty on Horseback, or to Corps, support the Expence of appearing properly mounted, cloathed, and proviso; accoutred for that Corps, and at the tame Time shall be able to appear and do Duty in the Foot Militia, such Person or Persons, on his or their Application to the Commanding Officer of the Dragoons, shall be by a proper Discharge, \mder the Hand and Seal of such Commanding Officer, forthwith discharged from their Corps; and every Person so disabled as aforesaid, who shall by Reason thereof avoid doing Duty in the Dragoons, and who being.able to do Duty in the Foot, shall neglect to apply within a reasonable Time for his Discharge from the Dragoons as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commanding Officer of that Corps, by and with the Consent and Advice of a Majority of the other Officers thereof, being on the Island, to discharge every such disabled Person as aforesaid; and every Person so discharged, shall from the Date of such Discharge, belong to and do Duty in that Corps in the Verge of which he shall at that Time reside, and the Adjutant of the Dragoons is hereby required to give immediate Notice in Writing of every such Discharge to the Adjutant of the Foot, that their Names may be forthwith inserted in the Rolls of those Corps; and if the Adjutant of Dragoons shall neglect lo give Notice of such Discharge to the Adjutant of the Foot, he shall be tried by a Court Martial for such Neglect, and being thereof convicted by the Judgment of the Court, he shall be fined according to the Nature of his Offence, provided that no Fine to be imposed for the said Neglect shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds current Money of the said Wand.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Regulations Regulations for the Cloathing, Colours, Arms, and Accoutrements, with the Places of Parade, shall be appointed by a Majority of Officers of the Dragoons tyof Officers and Foot Militia, within Three Months after the Publication of this Act, '" ^Months and shall be of equal Duration therewith, and as good and effectual as if publication particularly laid down and described herein; and whoever refuses or hereof, neglects to comply with the said Regulations and Orders, after the fame have been duly read and published at the Head of each Corps of Militia, shall be fined as herein after directed.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the ordinary Meeting to exercise shall be once in every Month, that is to say, the Squadron of Light Dragoons on the First Saturday in every Month, the Town Company and the Grenadier Company the Second Saturday in every Month, the Northward Company on the Third Saturday in every Month, and the Windward Company on the Fourth Saturday in every Month, and that the Roll of each Company shall be called at Eight © Clock in the Morning j and whosoever shall not appear at the Place of o'clock.? Parade at that Hour, or come there not cloathed, armed, or accoutred,

as may be ordered as aforesaid, shall be fined as herein after directed; and the Exercise and Evolutions of each Corps on such Days, shall be at the Discretion and by the Discretion of the Officer commanding for the Day: Provided always, That no Corps or Company shall be kept in Provl£o*

3 C the-

*94

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

i-----1 the Field On such Monthly Meetings, beyond Twelve o’Clock at Noon

[Proviso.]

1777* , and whereas home Doubts may arise, whether such Persons as appear on Monthly Field Days, or at other Times when legally required to do Military Duty; not armed, cloathed, and accoutred according to Law, or who come to the Place of Parade on Monthly Field Days after Eight o’Clock in the Morning, and being fined for both or either their Defaults, are compellable to remain in the Field, and to do Duty on that Day, or are at Liberty to depart therefrom and not tb join the Corps under Armsj to obviate the said Doubts, (if any should arise,) be it, and it is hereby Any officer enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer or Private Man th/FickiV" "hi10 Utah appear on Monthly Fields, or at any other Time when legally although required to do Military Duty, not. armed, cloathed; and accoutred, as may flTaliVefufc directed by a Majority of the Officers of Dragoons and Foot Militia as to do the aforesaid, or who shall come to the Place of Parade on any Monthly Field Duty then Lay of the Corps or Company to which he belongs, after Eight o’Clock bTpunished in Morning, or beyond the Time appointed, when otherwise legally by the Sen- required to do Military Duty, shall join his Corps or Company, and do Court'ht ^ie same Duty as shall be thereby done after his having so joined it, not-r" withstanding such Officer or Private Man may have incurred his Fine for not appearing properly armed, cloathed, and accoutred, and for not coming in aueTime as required by this Act; and every Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, who shall appear not properly armed, cloathed, and accoutred, or who shall come to the Place of Parade on Monthly Field Days, after Eight o’Clock in the Morning, or beyond the appointed Time when required to do Duty as aforesaid, and who being ordered by the Commanding Officer in the Field to join the Corps or Company, and do the Duty that shall be then doing, shall refuse to obey such Order, such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, shall be punished for his said Offence at the Discretion and by the Sentence of a Court Martial : Provided always, and it is the Meaning of this Act, That the Commanding Officer in the Field, or of the Party on Duty, and no other Person whatsoever,' shall have, and is hereby declared to have full Power and Authority, upon Application to him made, to remit the Fine of any Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, who shall appear not armed, cloathed, and accoutred as aforesaid, or who shall come on Monthly Field Days to the Place of Parade after Eight o’Clock, or who shall come after the Time appointed, when otherwise legally required to do Military Duty, and then join his Corps or Company as aforesaid; if such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, shall give such Reasons for his improper or late Appearance as aforesaid, as shall be satisf'aftory and admifiible in the Opinion of the said Commanding Officer.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Fines for Absence, or for appearing at the Place of Parade after Eight o’Clock in the Morning, on Monthly Field Days, and at any other Time when legally required to do Military Duty, and at Alarms not armed, cloathed, and accoutred, as may be directed by a Majority of Officers of Dragoons and Foot Militia as aforesaid, shall be as follows, that is to say, a Colonel 6cSsm<?f" Dragoons or Foot Militia shall pay Eight Pounds Five Shillings Gold Privates, and Silver Money; a Lieutenant Colonel, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings like Money; a Major, Six Pounds Twelve Shillings like Money; a Captain, Four Pounds Nineteen Shillings like Money; a Lieutenant, Four Pounds like Money; a Cornet, Ensign, or Surgeon, Three Pounds Six Shillings like Money; a Serjeant of Dragoons, Three Pounds Two Shillings like Money, and a Serjeant of Foot, One Pound Thirteen;

Shillings

*95

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Shillings like Money; a Private Dragoon, Three Pounds like Money;

and a Private Man in the Foot, Sixteen Shillings and Six-pence like 1777-Money; all which Fines shall be to the hole Use of the Adjutant of the Corps to which the Defaulter shall belong, and shall be paid, levied, and ii-.cUfeof recovered, as herein after directed: Provided always, That if the tlieA<ijuta,r-Governor or President of this Island for the Time being, shall think fit to Commander honour any particular Corps of Militia, by taking upon himself the Com- ^beexcm l mand of it as Colonel thereof, that he shall be totally exempt front all from Fines? Fines and Forfeitures what foe ver, any Thing in this Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas it is absolutely necessary, whenever the Captain General or Commander in Chief of the Leeward Hlands, or the Deputy Governor or President of this Island, shall be delirous of ascertaining the Strength of any Corps of Militia by reviewing the fame, that all the Officers, Non commissioned Officers, and Private Men belonging thereto,

shall be particularly obliged to appear under Arms at such Review, and whereas many indolent and ill-disposed Persons have heretofore made it a Point not to join their respective Corps on a Review, but to pay their Fines, which have not been heavier for Non-appearance at a Review than any other Field Day:

Be it therefore, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this Act, whenever the Notice of Captain General or Commander in Chief of the Leeward Islands, or the b<.UV!vdn'uie Deputy Governor or President of this Island, shall think proper to re- Day of" 'C view the Militia of this Island upon any Monthly Field Day thereof, or Meeting pre-at any intermediate Time, the same shall be publicly declared at the cc ing' Head of such Corps, by the Commanding Officer in the Field, on the Monthly Field Day preceding such intended Review; and if any Officer,

Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man belonging to such Corps, shall for Mon-after such Declaration as aforesaid, being duly made, absent himself from ^'^Rc^iew-such Review, such Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, to incur a shall forfeit double the Sum which such respective Officer, Non-com- double Fine, missioned Officer, or Private Man, is herein before made liable to pay n

and forfeit for every Neglect and Default of attending at the Monthly-Meetings herein before- mentioned, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as Fines for Non-attendance at Monthly Meetings are herein after directed to be levied and recovered, unless the Person who shall fb absent himself from such Review, shall give such good and sufficient Reason on Oath for his Absence, as shall be approved of by the Commanding Officer in the Field.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Adjutant of the several Corps of Militia shall, at the Meeting of their respective Corps in the Field on the next Field Day thereof, which shall happen after Publication of this Act, and so on every Field Day thereafter to happen, attend the Colonel or Commanding Officer thereof in the Field, with a Report in Writing of the several Defaulters of such Corps on the last Monthly Field Day, which Report shall specify the particular Offence of each Defaulter, and also the Fines if any received. Adjutants and from whom such Fines are received, and such Colonel or Com- tivetoFines manding Officer in the Field, shall on that Field. Day upon which such (Sc. Report shall be made, order the same to be read by the Adjutant, and in Case of his Absence, by any other Officer at the Head of the respective Companies or Troops to which such Defaulter or Defaulters shall belong; and if any or all of the said Defaulters shall not before then have paid his or their Fine or Fines, or being present, shall not then pay his or their

Fine

196

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Fine or Fines, or make a sufficient Excuse for his or their Offence or Offences as reported by the Adjutant, or if any or all of the said Defaulters being absent when the said Report shall be read, shall not have lent a sufficient Excuse or Excuses in Writing, for his or their Offence or Offences as aforesaid, then fufch Colonel or Commanding Officer in the Field as aforesaid, is hereby required to grant a Certificate in Writing* signifying his Approbation of the said Report, which Certificate shall be-annexed to the said Report, and directed to the said Adjutant, and shall also contain an Order to him to demand without Delay all such Fines as shall not then be remitted or paid; and if any Defaulter or Defaulters named in the said Report, and whose Fine or Fines shall not be remitted or paid when such Certificate and Order shall be granted as aforesaid, shall refuse on Sight thereof, and on Demand being made by the Adjutant to pay his or their Fine or Fines, such Adjutant shall and is hereby commanded immediately to make the fame known to the Colonel or other Commanding Officer of the Corps, who is hereby authorized and required forthwith to issue a Warrant under his Eland and Seal, directed How to levy to the said Adjutant, and impowering him to levy double the said Fine or eurrcd"CS >n" Fines on the respective Goods or Chattels of such Defaulter or Defaulters, and on such Levy being made, immediately to proceed to the Sale of fitch Goods and Chattels in the Town of Plymouth in the aforesaid Island, and the Sum or Sums of Money arising from such Sale to be applied to the Payment of such double Fine or Fines, and all Charges attending such Levy and Sale, and to return the Overplus, if any, to the Person on whom such Levy shall have been made, and in Cafe sufficient Goods and Ifno Goods Chattels belonging to the said Defaulter or Defaulters cannot be found thereto <con- v.’hereon to levy as aforesaid, then to take such Defaulter or Defaulters fineihe De- into Custody, and confine him or them in the Common Gaol (a Mittimus GaofbvMit or Order for that Purpose first being signed by the Commanding Officer* ti'mus, signed and directed to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy,) until such by Com- double Fine or Fines shall be paid, together with the Charges he may have lawfully incurred to the said Provost Marshal for his Commitment and Detention in the said Gaol, and when such Defaulter or Defaulters shall have paid his or their respective double Fine or Fines as aforesaid, the Adjutant of the Corps to which such Defaulter or Defaulters shall belong, shall immediately issue an Order in Writing to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy to discharge such Defaulter or Defaulters from Gaol, butbU Order or ^ley fidt paying his or their Fee or Fees, which shall be a full Juf-in Writing^ tification to the said Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy for releasing such Defaulter or Defaulters: Provided always, and it is hereby enacted Provilb. and declared, That when the Colonel and other Commanding Officer of a Corps shall incur any Fine or Fines for Non-attendance, or improper Appearance on Monthly Field Days, and shall refuse to pay such F’ine or Fines, or shall refuse or neglect to make a sufficient Excuse for such Non-attendance, or improper Appearance to the Officer commanding in the Field, or next in Command to such Colonel or Commanding Officer, when such Fine or Fines were incurred within the Time allowed to other Defaulters for paying their Fines, or making Excuses, that the Adjutant of the Corps to which such offending Colonel or Commanding Officer shall belong, shall immediately report the same to the Person being in chief Command on this Island for the Time being, who shall and is hereby impowered and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to such Adjutant, authorizing and commanding him to proceed against such offending Colonel or Commanding Officer, for his laid Fine or Fines in the same Manner as other Defaulters in the like

Cafes

manding

Officer.

ProvoflMav shal not to d feharge

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

*97

Cafes are by this Law to be proceeded against: Provided also, That no i----->

Imprisonment or Detention of any Person in Gaol, by Reason of the 1777y.J

-Non-Payment of any Fine or Fines imposed by this Act, shall exceed Twenty Days.

And whereas the good Effects intended and expected from this Act, will in a great Measure depend on the Assiduity and Aftivitv of the Adjutants of the several Corps of Militia, in exacting and inforcing Payment of the Fines hereby imposed on all Defaulters, and it being therefore absolutely necessary to compel the Adjutants to do their Duty'; be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That at the Expiration of Twelve Months after the Publication of this Act, and at the Expiration of every Twelve Months after, during the Continuance thereof, the Colonel or Commanding Officer of each Company' of Militia, shall issue a written Order to the Captains and Officers of his Corps who shall be on the Island, requiring them at a certain Place and Hour on the same Day, to be in the said Order specified, and within Ten Day's after the Date of such Order to meet the said Colonel or Commanding Officer, Fines incut-for the Purpose of examining into the Adjutants Account of Fines, at "d\uantC which Time and Place the said Colonel or Commanding Officer shall " ’ order the said Adjutant to attend, and produce an Account in Writing of all the Fines incurred and not remitted, and those which have been received and which have not been received within such preceding Twelve Months, which Account, when produced by the said Adjutant, shall be by' him signecl and sworn to before the Colonel or Commanding Officer (who is hereby' authorized to administer the Oath,) and if it shall be the Opinion of the Majority of the Officers present, that any' Fines do then remain unpaid, which ought and might have been recovered by Virtue of this Law, the said Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, and is hereby required immediately to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Provost Marshal of this Island or his lawful Deputy, to how to be levy the Sum of Fifty' Pounds Gold and Silver Money', by' Distress and lcvied for> Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the said Adjutant, unless he shall pay the same, with the Charges of such Distress and Sale without such Levy, which said Fifty Pounds shall be by the said Provost Marshal or his Deputy', paid into the Treasury of this Island, to be applied to the Use of how to be his Majesty, his I-Ieirs and Successors, for the Purpose of purchasing Fire aPPlled-Arms, Cloaths, and Accoutrements, for the Use of the Militia; and the said Adjutant shall from the Date of such Warrant, be and is hereby' de- Adjutant to dared to be cashiered, and incapable from thenceforward of holding a,drendered an Adjutant’s Commission in any Corps of Militia in this Island, and of incapable of recovering any' Fine or Fines that may be then due and owing to him Wdingihat from any' Persons whatsoever, any Thing in this Act contained to the mml 1 n" contrary in any' wise notwithstanding; and if the Majority of the said"

Officers shall, from the Adjutant’s Account upon Oath as aforesaid, be of Opinion, that all the Fines which were incurred in the said preceding Twelve Months, and which ought to have been recovered within that Time, have been duly exacted and received by the said Adjutant, such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, upon Demand thereof being made b\' the said Adjutant, grant a Certificate thereof in Writing annexed to the said Account, which Certificate shall be good and sufficient Evidence whenever the fame maybe necessary; and any Colonel or Commanding Officer of a Corps, who shall reftife or neglect to call the said Officers together for the Purposes above mentioned, and to bring the Adjutant thereof to an Account for the Fines once in Twelve Months, as is hereby directed, or to proceed to issue a Warrant to levy the Sum of Fifty

'3 D Pounds

198

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1777.

Other Fines incurred by the Adjutant.

PenaiLy on Adjutants not attending at the Hour appointed, cBe.

How to be recovered and by whom.

[Proviso.]

Pounds from such Adjutant, if he hath neglected to exact the Fine, or who shall refuse or neglect to grant a Certificate to such Adjutant, if he shall have duly exacted and received the said FinCs; such Colonel or Commanding Officer shall forfeit and pay to the Adjutant the Sum of Fifty Pounds Gold and Silver Money, to be recovered in any Court of Record in this Island, wherein the Defendant shall not be allowed any JEfioign, Protection, or Wager of Law; and if any Adjutant of any Corps of Militia shall presume to make any Composition with any Person or Persons whatever, and being thereof convicted before the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Corps he belongs to, upon the Oath of one credible White Witness, which Oath the said Colonel or Commanding Officer is hereby authorized to administer, such Adjutant shall forfeit and pay the .Sum of Fifty Pounds Gold and .Silver Money, to be recovered by Warrant from the said Colonel or Commanding Officer, and applied in Manner before directed for the first mentioned Fifty Pounds; and such Adjutant, upon such Conviction, shall and is hereby declared to be cashiered and rendered incapable of holding an Adjutant’s Commission as aforesaid; and any Field Officer, or Captain, or other Officer, who shall neglect or refuse to obey the Order of his Commanding Officer while on Duty, on the Day appointed for o: dinary Meetings, shall be by his said Commanding Officer brought to a Court Martial, and tried for Disobedience of Orders, and fined as the said Court shall determine, provided that such Fine do not exceed the Sum of One Hundred Pounds current. Money of the said Hland.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That any Adjutant of Militia, who shall refuse or neglect to join his respective Corps by Eight o’Clock of the Morning, on the Days appointed for the Monthly Meeting thereof, or on the Days which may be appointed for doing Military Duty, or who shall not then appear armed, cloathed, and accoutred, as directed by a Majority of Officers of the Troop and Foot Militia as aforesaid, such Adjutant shall be lined the Sum of Ten Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, and shall not be intitled to any Fine or Fines incurred by any Person or Persons on such Field Day; but the fame, together with the Fine of Ten Pounds as aforesaid, imposed on such Adjutant, shall go and be paid to such commissioned Officer, as by the Commanding Officers in the Field shall be appointed to do the Adjutant’s Duty for that Day; and such Officer shall be, and is hereby directed and impowered to proceed in the same Manner for the Recovery of such Fines, as the Adjutant might have done for the Recovery of the fame, or any other Fines to which he may be intitled by Virtue of this Law: Provided always, That it is the Meaning of this Act, that the Commanding Officer in the Field or of the Party on Duty, and no other Person whatever, shall have, and is hereby declared to have full Power and Authority, upon Application to him made, to remit the Fine of the said Adjutant who shall appear not armed, cloathed, and accoutred as aforesaid, or who shall come on Monthly Field Days to the Place of Parade after Eight of the Clock, or who shall come after the Time appointed when otherwise legally required to do Military Duty, if such Adjutant shall give such Reason for his improper or late Appearance as aforesaid, as shall be satisfactory or admissible in the Opinion of the said Commanding Officer.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That the Colonel or Commanding Officer of each Corps of Militia shall, and is hereby required to nominate and appoint to the Corps under his Command, such a Number of Serjeants and Corporals as shall be conformable

to

a

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 199

to the Establishment to be made by a Majority of Officers of the Troop and Foot Militia as aforesaid, as boon as may be after such Establishment j *777" ,• is made, and from Time to Time to fill up such Vacancies as may happen Serjeants in the said Serjeants and Corporals; and every Person and Persons so and Corpo-nominated and appointed as aforesaid, is, arc, and shall be, for the ral?toaP" Space of Two Years after such Nomination and Appointment, deemed Serjeants and Corporals, and be liable to all the Fines and Penalties mandinSOf-laid on delinquent Serjeants and Corporals by this Act. Corps. 'he

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Kon.Com_ Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man of the Foot Militia, who shall mifftoned remove himself, or be removed by his Employer, Master, or Mistress, out p^tlawho of the Verge of one Company to reside within the Verge of another than remove Company, such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man shall, on orf|°mthe before the next Monthly Field Day after such Removal, give in his Name onT Co into the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Company within the Verge panyintothe of which he goes to reside, and demand a Certificate in Writing from such Captain or Commanding Officer, that he is inrolled in that Com- shall give pany. and such Certificate the said Non-commissioned Officer or Private Noticcthcre-Man shall fend or deliver to the Captain or Commanding Officer of the Command-Company of the Verge from which he hath removed as aforesaid, and ing Officer, until litch Certificate shall be delivered to the last mentioned Captain or Commanding Officer, or until such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man so removed as aforesaid, shall produce an Affidavit in Writing, made by him before any Justice of the Peace for this Island, (who is hereby required to administer the Oath, and to sign the fame without Fee or Reward,) that such Certificate had been demanded andrefufed; such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man lb removing, or being removed, shall be deemed to belong io the Company of the last mentioned Captain or Commanding Officer, and for not appearing and doing Duty therein, shall be fined and punished in the same Manner as if he had not removed or been removed at all; and every Captain or Commanding Officer of a Company", neglecting or refilling- to deliver the Certificate aforesaid, shall upon Proof thereof being made to the Satisfaction of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Militia, forfeit and pay to the Adjutant the Sum of Fifty Shillings current Gold and Silver Money, to ""be recovered as Fines for Non-appearance on the Monthly" Field Days are by this Law directed to be recovered.

And be it enacted and ordained by" the Authority aforesaid, That Non-com-every Non-commissioned Officer and Private Man of the Foot Militia, officers°and who shall be employed as an Overseer or Servant upon Wages, and who Privates to shall live on a Plantation within the Verge of one Company, and who shall have his Family settled and living within the Verge of another Com- p"ny of[he" pany. such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Man shall be inrolled and Quarter in do Duty in the Company within the Quarter in which he himself is em- they p!oy"ed and resides.

And be it enacted and ordained by" the Authority" aforesaid, That Penalty on the Adjutant of each Corps of Militia shall, on or before the Second to

Monthly f ield Day" of the Corps he belong to, after the Publication of makeaRe-this Law, and once in every Year after during the Continuance thereof, turn^annual-attend the Colonel or Commanding Officer of that Corps with a complete c0°ps to Return of all Officers and Private Men, belonging to or liable to do which he Duty in the said Corps : and any Adjutant neglecting so to do, shall for- belonSs-feit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, to be levied and applied in like Manner as the Fines on Adjutants, for neglecting to recover the Fines from Defaulters is hereby, directed to be

levied

ft

200

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

levied and applied; and if any Person at the Expiration of Three Calen-1777. Months after his first Arrival in this Island, shall neglect to inroll

Penalty on. himself in the Company of Militia, withiit the Verge of which he Aral I Perron's ne- then re fide, or shall refuse to give in his Christian and Surname to the mroluhem Ad jutant of the Corps demanding the lame-, every such Person being con-feives. or rc- vitted of such Neglect or Refusal, upon the Oath of one or more credible typing to Witnesses, before any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall Names.thC'r forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings Gold and Silver Money to the said Adjutant; and if Inch Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Idand and Seal of such Justice, directed to any Constable, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charge of such Distress and Sale to such Offender upon whom such Distress shall have been made as aforesaid; and for Want of sufficient Distress, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol for any Time not exceeding Twenty Days, and such Offender shall also be liable to all the Fines, Pains, and Penalties, for Non-attendance on Monthly Field Days, and other Offences imposed by this Law.

And whereas it hath been sometimes the Pra£iice of the Private Men of the several Corps of Militia, to intrust their Fire-arms and Ammunition with Slaves, to be by them carried to and from the Alarm Poll and Places of Parade, whereby Ionic fatal Accident may happen through the Negligence or Licentiousness of the Slaves carrying the lame; be it there-. fore, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforelaicg That from and immediately after the Publication of this Act, every Private Man in the Militia of this Island, who shall intrust his Fire-arms or Ammunition to any Slave or Slaves, to be by him or them carried to or from the Alarm Poll or Place of Parade, at which such Private Man shall be obliged to appear on Monthly Field Days, or at any other Time when legally required so to do, it shall and may be lawful, to and for any White Person to seize and take away all such Fire-arms and Ammunition from any. Slave or Slaves carrying the fame, and immediately to carry the same to any one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and to make Oath before him of the Time and Cause of such Seizure, and to lodge such Fire-arms and Ammunition with such Justice, who is hereby authorized and directed to receive and keep the fame in his Potleflion; and every Person making such Seizure as aforesaid, shall and is hereby directed to advertise the fame in the Taverns of this Island for FoUr Weeks successively, setting forth in such Advertisement the Time and Place of making the said Seizure, with the Name or Names of the Slave or Slaves, (if known) from whom such Fire-arms and Ammunition were taken, specifying the Name of the Justice with whom the fame were lodged, and if any Person or Persons shall claim the said Fire-arms or Ammunition within the said Four Weeks, such Claimant or Claimants shall apply him or themselves to such Justice, and upon paying the Sum of Thirty Shillings Gold and Silver Money, and making it appear to the Satisfaction of the Justice, that he or they, is or are intitled to receive the said Fire-arms or Ammunition, the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to deliver the fame, and to pay such Thirty Shillings to the Person who shall have made such Seizure; and all such Fire-arms and Ammunition so seized as aforesaid, and which shall not be claimed within the said Four Weeks, or for which, if claimed, the said Thirty Shillings shall not be paid within the said Time, fit all be, and are hereby declared to be the sole Property of the Person seizing the fame, and the Justice •with whom the fame were lodged, is hereby authorized and required,

at

Penalty on Private intruding his Fire-arms with a Negro or other Slave.

201

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

said Four Weeks, and not or Persons as shall have

lodged

re, to deliver them with

1777.

--v—

at the Expiration of the said Four Weeks, and not befo the same to such Person him.

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That every Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, and Private Man in the Militia of this Island, who being under Arms on any Monthly Field Day, or at any other Time when legally required to do Military cncc of Or-Duly, shall behave disrespectfully to, or refuse to obey the Orders of dors, (3c. his superior Officers in the Execution of his Duty, or who shall endeavour then, or at any Time after to revenge himself on the said superior Officer for having obliged him to do his Duty, shall be punished according to the Nature of his Offence, by the Sentence of a Court Martial.

[Proviso.]

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Non-com- Non-rom-missioned Officer and Private Man in the Militia of this Island, who being mintoned summoned or ordered by the Adjutant of the Corps to which he shall be- privates’relong, to assist in conducing Delinquents to any Place of Confinement, or fusing to to guard Ammunition for the Use of the Corps, by Virtue of a Warrant conduaDe-under the Hand of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Corps, j "e^Place of shall refuse or neglect to perform such Duty, such Non-commissioned Confine-Officer or Private Man shall be subject to the Sentence of a Court Martial, and shall be punished according to the Nature of his Offence. munition. And if an)7 Non-commissioned Officer, or Private Man, shall either wilful- &c-'° ly or by Neglect fuller a Delinquent in his Custody to escape, such Non- fh "sentence commissionecl Officer, or Private Man, shall be punished according to the of a Court Nature of his Offence, at the Discretion of a Court Martial: Provided al- Mart,aI. ways, that for conducing Delinquents to any Place of Confinement, no Adjutant shall ever summon or order more than one Corporal and two Men for one Delinquent, and more than one Corporal and four Men for two Delinquents, or more than one Serjeant, one Corporal, and fix Men for three Delinquents, and Co in Proportion; or more than one Corporal and two Men to guard Arms or Ammunition, for the Use of any one Company or Troop; and that the Non-commissioned Officers and private Men so to be ordered and summoned on such Duties, shall be such as reside nearest the Place where the Duty is to be performed, and shall be the least incommoded thereby; and that not more than one Man shall be summoned for such Duty, at the same Time, from any one Plantation.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Delinquent who shall refill an Adjutant, or the Men aflilling him, in the Execution of Punishment any Sentence of a Court Martial, or who being in Custody of a Guard ffcrtfs appointed to conduct such Delinquent to any Place of Confinement, filial] to refeue violently endeavour to refeue himself, or who shall make his Escape; and Delinquents, every Person assisting such Delinquent to refeue himself or make his Escape, shall be punished according to the Nature of his Offence, at the Discretion of a Court Martial.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons now resident upon this Island, or who shall hereafter become resident thereon, and obliged by this Act to appear on the Monthly Field Days, and at any other Times when legally required to do Military Duty in the Uniform, to be established by a Majority of personsnot. Officers of the Troop and Foot Militia as aforesaid, and who shall not able to probe able to purchase the fame, shall apply to the Colonel or Commanding apply Officer of his Corps to certify the Inability of such Person or Persons to to the Coun-purchase such Uniform; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer is here-by required to give a Certificate of such Inability, upon the Production

E

of

202

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1 111' --N'---

Porfons re-t civinsj Arms, ccc. from the Public, not to use them b.it on Duty. ♦Such Arms shall not be liable to tho l’avmetit of any Debt, or conluleroil as Aficlts in the HanJs of Executors or Adminillia-tors.

Executors or Administrators to rc-Uun the Arm.', &c. to the Treat J-m\

Neglecting lo to do flmll incura Fine. To be levied for.

For "Wanto? Goods whereon to frvy, to commit the OfF-nder to Gaol.

Vfi*-g such Arn s, &c. except on Duty, to be iinid,

or to ride t s e Wooden Hotfe.

Apprentices to be provided with Arms, &c. by their Maftcis, &c.

of which before the Council and Assembly of this Island, they shall. if the)' think the fume requisite, by an Order to be indorsed on such Certificate for that Purpose, direct the Treasurer to f'urnish one Uniform Coat, Hat, Gun, and other Accoutrements, to every Person obtaining such Certificate as aforesaid, at the cheapest Rates, which Certificate, with a Receipt thereon, shall be a sufficient Voucher lor the Trea-fiurer in passing his Accounts.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Uniform Coat,-Hat, Gun, and oilier Arms and Accoutrements, so delivered to Persons unable to purchase the same as aforesaid, shall not be used but upon Duty, under a Penalty, orbe liableto betaken for any Distress or Distresses, or any Ways subject or liable to the Payment of any Debt., or Incumbrance whatever, of the Persons to whom such Coat, Gun, Hat, and other Accoutrements shall have been suppliecl; nor shall the fame be Assetts in the Hands of the Executors or Achninidrators of the Persons; but such Executors or Administrators shall within one Kalendar Month next after the Death of his, her, or their Tellator, or Inteflate, return to the Treasurer, or his lawful Deputy, the Uniform Coat, Hat, Gun, and other Arms or Accoutreiv eats, which shall come to the Hands of such Executors or Administrators : and any Person or Persons, who shall refuse or neglect to deliver such Uniform Coat, Hat, Gun, and other Arms and Acoutrements, to the Treasurer or his Deputy aforesaid; upon being thereof convicted upon Oath before the said Treasurer or his Deputy, (which Oath the said Tre.Turer, or his said Deputy is hereby authorized to administer) shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, Gobi and Silver Money, which Penalty if not immediately psid down, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of such Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Treasurer or his Deputy, directed to any Constable, rendering the Overplus (if an}') on Demand, after deducting the Charge of such Distress or Sale, to the Person upon whom such Distress shall have been made; and for Want of such Distress the said Treasurer, or his Deputy, is hereby required to commit the Offender to the Common Gaol, until the said Penalty shall be paid, and to apply the same to the Public Credit of this Island in the Treasury Books.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cafe son. to whom such Uniform Coat and Hat shall be so delivered said, shall use the fame or either of them, on any other Days than those appointed for performing Military Duty, that such Person who shall so uie the fame, shall on Conviction thereof before the Commanding Officer on Duty, on the Oath of one Witness, be fined the Sum of Eight Shillings and Three-pence, Current Gold and Silver Money of the said Island, for each Offence, and on Refusal to pay the same, such Offender shall suffer the Punishment of riding the Wooden Horse, or be tied by the Neck and Heels for a Time not exceeding five Minutes.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master or Miflrels of every Apprentice in the said Island, shall provide for such Apprentice an Uniform Coat, Hat, Gun, and other Arms and Accoutrements hereby directed, unless such Matter or Mistress shall be unable to do so, which Inability shall be judged of by the Council and Assembly, ora Majority of them; and in Default thereof, such Matter or Mistress shall be subject to the several Fines and Forfeitures hereby imposed on Persons who shall refuse or neglect to provide themselves with proper Uniform, or Arms as aforesaid.

any Per-as afore-or Times

An i)

2«3

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person what-

ever, who is obliged by this Act to do Duty in the Militia, on any Monthly Field Day of the Corps or Company to which such Person shall 'v~ belong, or when otherwise legally required to do Duty in the Militia as Atwhat aforesaid, be subject or liable to have his Body taken, or hit Servant, 't ime. Per-Horle, Furniture, or Accoutrements, levied upon by Virtue of any Pro-cel’s, or Writ issuing in any Civil Action, or Suit in any Court whatever, tia, are free from Four of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day preceding that Civil upon which such Person shall be obliged to appear as aforesaid, until cc s‘

1 wch e of the Clock at Night of the same Day.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Council of Officers shall conlill of the Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or of

President of the Island for the Time being, the Officers of the Troop and ters-Foot Militia, and the Major, and Adjutant of the Forts and Fortifications of this Ilfand, and none others.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Articles for the Regulation of the Militia of this Island shall be as follows

First, If any Soldier being a Centinel shall be found alleep upon his Poll, or shall quit it before he shall be re lieved, or shall get drunk during his Guard, he shall be punished with corporal Punishment, by a Court Martial.

Second, If any Officer or Soldier hold Treasonable Corrcfponrlence Articles for with any Rebel or other Enemy of his Majesty, or give them Advice or regulating Intelligence, either by Letter or Mellage, or shall commit any other lI,cMlllia* Traitorous or Rebellious Act, he shall be tried by a Court Martial, and upon Conviction thereof shall suffer Death.

Third, Any Officer or Soldier, who shall in Time of actual Invasion or Insurrection, excite, cause, or join in a’ny Meeting or Sedition, he shall be tried by a Court Martial, and upon Conviction shall suffer Death; or if any Officer or Soldier shall be present at any Mutiny or Sedition at such Time, and do not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the lame, he shall be tried by a Court Martial.

Fourth, If any Soldier in Time of actual Invasion, or Insurrection, shall desert his Colours when ordered or required to march again!! the Enemy, or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy, or shamefully or unnecessarily abandon any Poll committed to his Charge, he shall be tried by a Court Martial, and upon Conviction thereof shall suffer Death.

Fifth, If any Officer shall make known the Sign, Counter Sign, or Watch Word to any Person who is not authorised to receive it, according to the Rules and Discipline of War, or shall give a Parole or Watch Word different from what he received, lie shall be tried by a Court Mar- ’ocath^nuft tial. and upon Conviction punished according to the Discretion of the beconftrmed Court. by the Com-

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sentence of a cwef'of the Court Martial, extending to the Life of any Person, shall be carried into Lcnoard Execution, until such Sentence shall be confirmed by the Commander aI^one°EfC in Chief of the Leeward Islands for the Time being. . f-a.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sentence of Death' shall be pronounced again!! any Person by a Court Martial, Dead"shall unless the Members of such Court Martial shall be Unanimous in their not pats Un-Opinons for such Punishment, any Thing herein contained to the lc,s tl?c

1 , n , - ’ ' <3 _ Members of

contrary notwithstanding. the Court

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Martial are Continuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Court unanimous-

Martial

204

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

, 1777-

Courts Martial to assemble and try all Of

[Proviso.]

Martial to fit and try all Delinquents for Offences committed during Lhc Time Martial Law shall have been in Force, although that Law shall have ceased before, and at such Sitting, and Trial.

Provided always, that every Delinquent shall be tried within Four Days at farthest, after he shall have been in Custody, and if any Non-fences du- commissioned Officer or Private Man, during the Time when Martial ring the Law shall be in Force, shall commit any Offence so as to be liable to be SiLawwjs tried by a Court Martial by Virtue of this Act, such Officer, Non-com-in Force. missioned Officer, or Private Man, shall by any superior Officer be put into Custody as soon as the Offence shall come to the Knowledge of the said superior Officer, who (not being himself the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Corps to which the Offender shall belong) shall immediately report the same to the Colonel or Commanding Officer thereof: and if a Court Martial cannot assemble for the Trial of the Offender or Offenders, during the Continuance of Martial Daw, he or they shall at the cealing thereof be by the said Colonel or Commanding Officer lent to Gaol, there to remain until a Court Martial can assemble for the Trial of the said Offender or Offenders; and if any Officer, after having ordered any Offender into Custody, shall neglect or delay to report the same to his Colonel or Commanding Officer, with all convenient Speed, such Officer shall be tried by a Court Martial for a Neglect of Duty, and if convicted thereof shall be- sentenced by the said Court to fuss'er such Punishment as his Offence shall delerve; and if any Delinquent or Delinquents liable to be tried by a Court Martial by Virtue of this Act, shall not be in Custody, or being in Custody shall have escaped therefrom, and shall not be apprehended during the Continuance of Martial Law, it shall and may be lawful for the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Corps to which such Delinquent shall belong, notwithstanding Martial Law shall not be then in Force, to issue a Warrant under the Hand and Seal, directed to any Constable to apprehend the said Delinquent or Delinquents, and him or them so apprehended shall be by the said Colonel or Commanding Officer sent to Gaol, there to remain under Confinement, until a Court Martial can assemble for the Trial of such Delinquent or Delinquents; provided that the Court Martial for the Trial of such Delinquent or Delinquents, shall be held within Ten Days from the Time of such Commitment, otherwise the said Delinquent or Delinquents shall be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That it Commander shall and may be lawful for the Lieutenant Governor, or Commander of of the island tfos ]qancj for the Time being, to grant from Time to Time to'assemble a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to any Officer of the Militia, to hold and ereCl Courts Martial within this Island, whenever the fame may be necessary in their respective Corps, which Courts Martial shall have, and are hereby declared to have full Power and Authority, to try, hear, and determine all Offences, which by this Law are directed to be tried by Courts Martial: Provided always, that no Person or Persons shall be adjudged by the said Courts Martial to fuff’er any Punishment extending to Life, or Limb, except for such Crime as shall be committed in Time of actual Invasion or Infur-rection, and shall be particularly let forth in the Orders and Regulations to be made by the Governor and Council of Officers aforesaid.

Courts

Martial

Proviso*

And

205

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

And be it enacted by the Authority af'oresaid, That a Commanding Officer of the Corps, having a Warrant from the Lieutenant Governor ( 1777- . or Commander of this Island for the Time being, for holding and eomXand-ere£ling Courts Martial as af'oresaid, fiiali, when the lame may be necef- ing omcei-fary, forthwith issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal to the Adjutant ^'wan-anV of the Corps, to which the Delinquent or Delinquents to be tried shall uodcrthe" belong, appointing the Time and Flace when and where the Couu shall Hand of the be held, and directing him to require the Attendance of the Judge. Ad- oDhcTn'and; vocate, and of such and so many Officers as by this Law shall be made flull issue h J necessary to constitute the Court at the same Time and Place, winch in the said Warrant (together with the Names of the Officers to be summon- dhcfUnghini ed,) shall be clearly and fully expressed: Provided always, That all h"';"" Courts Martial shall be held at some Place as near as possible to the Place appointed for the Monthly Exercising of the Corps, to which the Delin- querns, quest or Delinquents to be tried shall belong, and such as shall be, in the Proviso: Opinion of the Commanding Officer aforesaid, the moll convenient for the Purpose : and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse to proceed, as is by this Clause required, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One Hundred Pounds Gold and Silver Money, to be immediately paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of this Island, and in Default thereof, to be i y him levied for, a Warrant for that Purpose being first obtained under the Hand and Seal of the Lieutenant Governor or Commander of this Island for the Time being, and shall go to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose of purchasing Fire-arms, Cloaths, and other Accoutrements for the Militia of this Island.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,. That all Offences committed by Officers, and all Capital Offences committed by Non-commi flioned Officers and Private Men, shall be tried by General Courts ^r_~ Martial only, which General Courts Martial shall not consist of a less ait of not Number than Seven Members, whereof none to be under the Degree ofluls than 71 a Commissioned Officer, and the President not under the Degree of a i^uTof-Field Officer; and such Courts Martial shall and are hereby declared to fiCCr u>be have Power and Authority, and are hereby required to summon all Per- President; fons necessary, and to administer an Oath to every Witness, in Order to the Examination or Trial of any of the Offences which shall come before them.

Provided always, That in all Trials of Offenders by General Court Proviso: Martials to be held by Virtue of this Act, every Officer fitting upon such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereon, shall take the Following

Oath before the Court and the Person officiating as Judge Advocate,

(who is hereby authorized to administer the same in these Words,) that is to say, " You shall well and truly try and dtermine, according to your Oath of the Evidence in the Matter nozu before you, between our Sovereign Lora the ^,’tjyuf-King and the Prisoner to be tried: So help you God." " I A.B. do/wear tiai. that I zuill duly administer Justice, according to an Act of the Legislature of this Island, now in Force, intitled. An Act to alter, amend, and explain an Act, intitled. An Act to repeal an Act, intitled. An Act for settling the Militia of this Island, and afo for the better Regulation of the Militia, without Partiality, Favour, or AffeSion; and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Act, according to my Conscience, the iefi of my Underfunding, and the Cifoni of War in like Cafes; and I furth r swear, that I will not disclose the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless balled upon to give Evidence in a Court of Judicature:

So help me God." And as soon as the said Oaths shall be administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized

3 F and

206

Oath of Judge Advocate.

Penalty on Officer* and others neglecting to attend.

[Proviso.]

Method of iummoning Officers andj others to attend Courts Martial.

Officers and others sum-tnoned to attend Courts Martial to be exempt from Civil Pro-cci's.

Mariners and Si rangers in Time of Invalton lubjccl lo •this Taw. Free Negroes, free Mulattoes.

to attend in Town orcc in cvcrvM^n^h 10 work the W'ail-pieecSj and be Cub-jeet to this i.aw in all Respects as Privates of the Foot.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

and required to administer to the Person officiating as Judge Advocate, an Oath in the following Words, (that is to say,) " I do [wear that I will' not upon any Account, at any Time xohatsoever, dfclofe or dfcover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court Martial, unless called upon to give Evidence in a Court of JudicatureP

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sentence shall be given against any Offender by the General Courts Martial, unless a Majority or Officers present shall concur therein.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Officers of the fame Rank Upon Courts Martial, whether of the fame Corps or not, shall take their Places according to the Dates of their respective Commissions, and not otherwise; and that in giving their Opinions upon all Occassions, the youngest Member shall vote first, and so on to the elded; and every Officer and other Person who shall refuse or neglect to attend as a Member of a Court Martial, or as a Witness thereon when duly summoned, shall forfeit and pay to the Adjutant of the Corps to which the Delinquent or Delinquents to be tried shall belong, the Sum of Ten Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, to be recovered in the same Manner as Fines for Non-appearance on Monthly Field Days are by this Law directed to be recovered: Provided always, That ever}' Officer and other Person, who shall be nominated to lit as a Member of a Court Martial, by his own or any other Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Militia, properly authorized to make such Nomination, or to attend thereon as a Witness, shall have Notice in Writing from the Adjutant appointed to summon the Members of the Court, of the Time' and Place appointed for the fitting thereof, which Notice being personally served, or left at the last Place of Abode of such Officer or other Person nominated or required to attend as aforesaid, at leaf! Twenty-four Hours before the fitting of the Court, shall be deemed sufficient Notice thereof.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Time shall be allowed to Gflicers and others, whose Attendance is required by Virtue of this Act on Courts Martial, from coming to and going from the Place where such Court Martial may be held, to their respective Habitations or Places of Abode, as are herein before allowed to Persons who are required to perform Military Duty on Monthly Field Days, or in Cafes of Alarms.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Times of ablual Invasion or intestine Commotion, all strange and tran-fient Persons being in the Island, or within any of the Ports or Roads thereof, and not belonging to any of his Majesty's Ships, shall also and are hereby declared to be subject to the fame Law; and every such Stranger and transient Person, being Masters, Mates, or other Officers or Mariners of any Ships, shall appear and do Duty in the Foot Militia under the Pains and Penalties of Martial Law, unless the Commanding Officer then on the Island, fiiail think it expedient to permit such Persons to continue on Board. And whereas there are many Free Negroes, Mulattoes, and other Persons, not being White Persons, who ought not to be incorporated in the Militia of this Island, but who ought nevertheless to join in the public Defence; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Free Negroes, Mulattoes, and other Persons, not being Whites, shall attend in the Town of Plymouth on the Second Saturday in every Month, by Eight of the Clock in the Morning, for the Purpose of working and exercisipg the Wall-pieces in the Town of Plymouth, and for the under Services of the Forts and Fortifications of this Island, and such other

Military

207

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Military Duty as may from Time to Time by the Lieutenant Governor or

President of the Island for the Time being be thought necessary; which said j Free Negroes, Mulattoes, and other Persons, not being Whites, shall, after 'v due Information thereof, be intitled to the lame Privileges, and subject to the fame Fines and Penalties of this Law in all Respects as the Private Men of the Foot; which Fines and Forfeitures shall be to the Use of the Adjutant of the Forts and Fortifications of this llland.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Patent Officers and their Deputies, the Officers of his Majesty's Revenue Inl-

and their Deputies, the Clerk of the Culloms, Clergymen, all Persons empt from bearing Military Commissions from his Majesty, and Aids de Camp, and Military no other whatever, shall be and are hereby declared to be exempt from Duty’ all Attendance on Monthly Field Days, and upon Military Duty upon all other Occasions. except when Martial Law shall be in Force in Confc-quence of an Insurrection or Invasion, either threatened or aci.ua 1; and except in at such Times the said Patent Officers and their Deputies, the Officers of ^afion! his Majesty's Revenue and their Deputies, the Clerk of the Culloms, Clergyman, and all Persons bearing Military Commissions from his Majesty, or such of them as are not or shall not. be Officers in any Corps of Militia, or Officers of the Forts and Fortifications, except the said Aids de Camp, who are to attend on the Governor in Chief or the Commanding Officer of the Island for the Time being, shall and they are hereby requited to appear properly cloathed, armed, and accoutred, and Whereto to do Duty in the Squadron of Light Dragoons, and to appoint each a appear trusty Clerk to take the Charge and Custody of their several and respective tr°d.aCC°U Offices, which Clerks so to be appointed, are hereby required diligently to attend their laid Charges, and are therefore hereby exempted from any other Duty at those Times; and the Books, Papers, and Records in the Records Secretary’s, Marshal’s, and Naval Offices, (in Case of ablual Invasion or where to be InsurrecLion, j shall be removed to the Court House in the Town of epoUe Flymoulli, or some other Place of Safety, and be there deposited under Lock and Key.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commis- officers to fioned Officer of the Horse and Foot Militia, and of the Forts and Forti- S^mfeives fications, shall qualify himself before the Council "by taking the Oaths of by taking Allegiance and Supremacy, and such other Oaths as shall be necessary, j.he ^ef-and by subscribing the Test within One Month after the Receipt of his ary at Commission; and such Officers as shall neglect to qualify themselves, shall forfeit their said Commission.

And be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That During an it shall and may be lawful for any Commanding Officer of a Party of Men, being a Commissioned Officer duxing the ’X'ime of Alstni, to take and nianding a kill Cattle, Sheep, Flogs, or Goats, for necessary Provisions, and to take Party of other Refreshments for his Men and Slaves attending such Party; and ^Yokin'"' to impress Mules, Florfes, Carts, and other necessary Vesseles for carrying Cattle, &c. Provisions. Arms, Ammunition,' sick or wounded, from one Place to another. the Value thereof to be settled by any two discreet Men present, hereof to be which the Treasurer of this Island, or his lawful Deputy for the Time settled by a being, is hereby authorized to pay out of the public Treasury, to the discreetMen. Order of the said Commanding Officer, which Order with a Receipt To be Paid thereon, shall be a sufficient Voucher to the said Treasurer or his law- 'heTreXry. ful Deputy, for the Sum therein specified on passing his public Accounts.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person to whom any Warrant shall be directed by Virtue

of

208

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

5 per Cent. allow cd on Levy.

Penalty on Provost Mar dial or his Deputy refuling or neglect’ngto do any Thing required by this Law,

how to be recovered,

and how applied.

Penalty on Constable refuting or neglecting, &c.

Deemed a Public Act;

Rewards for good Behaviour in Time of Action.

The‘Widow’ and Children, of any poor Man killed in Action to be p ro-videa for.

of this Act, to levy any Fine or Forfeiture thereby imposed, and of which t he Fees and Charges are not already fixed and lettled' to retain to himself out of the Sum levied, at and after the Rate of Five per Cent, together with all such reasonable Charges as shall be allowed and certified by the Person by whom the Warrant shall-be issued.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Provost Marshal or his Deputy shall refuse, neglect, or willfully delay, upon Application to him made, to do any Thing required of him by Virtue of this Law, such Provost Marshal or his Deputy shall, on being legally con-wifted thereof, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Gold and Silver JYloney; and in Default thereof, the Treasureror his Deputy shall immediately levy of the Goods and Chattels of such Person making Default, sufficient to satisfy the said Forfeiture, which said Sum of Ten Pounds shall be recovered by the Treasurer aforesaid or his lawful Deputy, and applied to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the Purpose of purchasing Fire-arms, Cloaths, and other Accoutrements for the Militia of this Island; and if any Constable shall refuse or neglect to do any Thing required of him by Virtue of this Law, such Constable so offending, being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds current Gold and Silver Money, to be recovered and applied as above-mentioned.

And be it eftacled by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed a public Act, and all Judges, Justices, and Juries, are hereby required to take Notice thereof accordingly; and that if any Person or Persons shall be at any Time or Times hereafter sued by any Person or Persons, for any Thing done by him or them in Pursuance thereof, he or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence for his or their Defence; and in Case such Action or Actions shall be found against the Plaintiff, or if the Plaintiff shall be barred, become nonsuited, or discontinue his Suit, such Plaintiff shall pay double Costs.

And whereas it is highly necessary that the poor Inhabitants of this Island, required to perform Military Duty, should be encouraged to exert themselves in the Defence of the Island, when the Situation of it shall so require: be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any poor Man shall signalize himself in fighting against the Enemy, and shall produce a Certificate thereof from his Commanding Officer, he shall receive the Sum of Forty Pounds out of the public Treasury, an Order for that Purpose being indorsed on such Certificate, signed by the Deputy Lieutenant Governor or President of the Island, and the Speaker of the Assembly, and if he be an indented Servant he shall moreover be Free, and his Master or Mistress final 1 be paid by the Treasurer for his Time, as much as two indifferent Persons shall upon their Oaths say it is worth; and if any poor Man who shall so signalize himself shall bedilabled, he shall receive during his Life (if he shall live upon the Island,) the yearly Sum of Thirty Pounds out of the public Treasury, which Sum of Thirty Pounds shall be continued to his Widow and Children during her Widowhood; and in Cafe (he should marry, to be paid to the Children, until they shall respectively attain the Age of Fifteen Years.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any poor Man shall signalize himself in Defence ofthisTfland, and shall be killed in Consequerice thereof, and leaving a Wife, such Wife shall be intitled to the like Sum of Thirty Pounds during her Widowhood; and in Case of her Marriage, the same shall go to such Child or Children, which he may leave, until they shall respectively attain the Age. of Fifteen Years.

And

209

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Cafe any Doubt r----->

[hould arise as to the Propriety of paying the aforesaid annual Rewards, *777* or any of them hereby given to poor Men who shall so signalize themselves as aforesaid, such Doubts shall be determined by the Council and Assembly of this Island, or a Majority of them. Dated in St. Christofihers this Twenty-ninth Day of March, in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-seven.

Read and passed the Assembly this*! TRead and passed the Council this Fifth Day of March, One Thou-i j Fifteenth Day of March, One

land Seven Hundred and Seventy-I : Thousand Seven Hundred and

seven. j . Seventy-seven.

Rich. Symons, Clerk to the Af- I Will. Brade, Clerk to the Coun-fembly. j (_ cil.

Ellis lies. Speaker.

Passed by the Commander in Chief the Twenty-ninth Day of March, 1777.

Craijler

Greatheed,

Recorded this Fifth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-seven.

Will. Brade, D. Register.

Published this Fourth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-seven.

Oliver Yearns Ash, Dep. Pro. Mar.

1777.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, to tax the Houses in the 204. Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent thereto, and all public ,0^ond‘ Billiard Tables, and to impose a Tax on Wooden and other Kitchens, and Ovens with Stone or Brick Chimnies in the said 2C0l‘ Town.

3 G

An

210

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, intitled, An Act to 1778. repeal an Act, intitled a Powder Act, and for appoint-

0°2O6.

ing an Impost of Powder on each Ton of Goods of the Growth of this Island, that all Ships, Sloops, &c. trading to this Island shall take on Board.

Preamble#

WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, passed in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Fourteen, intitled, " An Act to repeal an Act, intitled a Powder Act, and for appointing " an Impost of Powder on each Ton of Goods of the Growth of this Island, that all Ships, Sloops, See. trading to this Island shall take on " Board," it is among other Things enacted, that no Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels trading to this Island, shall be 1'ubjeft to pay Powder or Powder Money, unless the said Ship, Sloop, &c. shall take on Board of her some of the Growth or Manufacture of this Island; but the Masters or Owners of all Ships, Sloops, and other Vessels, that shall take on Board of the Growth of the said Island, shall pay to the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine for the Time being. One Pound of good Pistol Powder, for each and every Ton of Goods of the Growth of this Island, (two Hogsheads or two Tierces of Sugar being hereby declared to be a Ton; and if any Sugar shipped in small Calks, Two Thousand Weight is declared to be a Ton,) and each and every Barrel of Indigo shall pay equal to a Ton of Sugar, which such Ships or other Vessels shall take on Board of the Growth of the said Island; and for Want of such

Powder as aforesaid, every stich Master or Owner shall pay Two Shillings and Six-pence for each Pound of Powder, to be received by the said Keeper of the Stores; and in Case such Master, Owner or Owners, shall refule to pay the said Powder or Money in Lieu of the same, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Lieutenant Governor, or any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (Complaint being to him or any of the said Justices first made by the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine,) to issue out a Warrant directed to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy, to apprehend such Master, Owner or Owners that shall so refule, an d him or them keep in the Common Gaol of the said Island, until the said Powder or Money be paid to the aforesaid Officer; And whereas the declaring of two Hogsheads or two Tierces of Sugar, to be equivalent to a. Ton Weight, being found exceedingly detrimental; And also the Allowance for Want of Powder of Two Shillings and Six-pence, to be received from each Matter, Owner or Owners of such Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels.

211

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

in Lieu of each Pound of Powder so to be by him or them paid, which in <-A--->

a great Measure defeats the Intentions of the aforesaid Act, for the pro- 177* viding Powder sufficient for the Use of the Forts and Fortifications,

Powder being now sold at a much greater Price than the Sum so allowed in Lieu of the same; for the effectual remedying of which,we your Majesty s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do pray your most Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels trading to this llland, shall be subject to pay Powder or Powder Money, unlei's the said Ships, Sloops, and other Vessels shall take on Board some of the Growth or Manufacture of this Island; but the Masters or Owners of all .Ships, Sloops, and other Vessels,that shall take on Board of the Growth or Manufacture of the said Island, shall pay to the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine for the Time being. One Pound of good Pistol import. Powder for each and every Hogshead or Tierce of Sugar; and if any Sugar be shipped in Barrels, Four Barrels shall be deemed equivalent to a Hogshead or Ticrcc of Sugar, and so on for any less Proportion; and each and every Barrel of Indigo shall pay equal to each Hogshead or Tierce of Sugar, and for each Bag of Cotton, half a Pound of like Powder, which such Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels shall take on Board of the Growth or Manufacture of the said Island; and for Want of such Powder as aforesaid, every such Master, Owner or Owners, shall pay Four Shillings current Gold and Silver Money for each Pound of Powder, to be 4*. o. &s. received by the said Keeper of the Stores; and in Case such Master, forb"a‘^en Owner or Owners, shall refuse to pay the said Powder or Money in Pound of Lieu of the fame, that then it shall and may be lawful for the j°Yv^dn°^ Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Lieutenant Governor, President, or the proper any of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, (Complaint being to either of Officer, them, or any the said Justices first made by the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine,) to issue out a Warrant directed to the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy,to liimmon such Master, Owner or Owners, that shall so refuse to appear before such Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Lieutenant Governor, President, or Justice of Peace, to shew.Cause why he, or they, hath, or have refused to pay the said Powder Money in Lieu thereof, to the aforesaid Officer as aforesaid; and in Cafe hie or they against whom such Warrant shall so issue as aforesaid, shall neglect to appear after such Summons, or shall appear and shall not {hew good Cause for his or their Refusal or Neglect, then and in that Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Lieutenant Governor,

President, or Justice of the Peace, to commit such Master, Owner or Owners, to the Common Gaol of this Island, there to remain until the said Powder Money be paid as herein before directed. Dated in Saint Christopher’s this Twenty Eighth Day of March, in the Eighteenth Year of the Reignofour Sovereign LordGrargetheThird, [by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy Eight.

Read and passed the Assembly this-. (-Read and passed the Council this

Twenty-first Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy Eight.

Richd. Symons, Clerk to the Assembly. j

Twenty-first Day of March, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy Eight.

William Brade, Clerk to the Council.

Ellis

212

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Ellis lies. Speaker.

Passed the Governor in Chief this Twenty-eighth Day of March, 1778.

William Mathew

Burt.

Published this Thirteenth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy Eight.

Oliver Yeas. Ash, Dep. Pro. Mar.

Recorded this Thirteenth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy Eight.

William Brade, B. Secretary.

Anno

1778.

207.

Expired.

1 ar.on every Slave. Assessment 2001,

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, to tax all public Billiard Tables, Wind-mills, Water-mills, and Horse-mills, _ the Hou-Jes in the Town of Plymouth and Places' adjacent, and to impose a Tax on Wooden and other Kitchens and Ovens without Stone or Brick Chimneys in the said Town.

1778.

2°8*

Expired.

An Act for proportioning the Work on the Trenches, and the Reparation of the Forts and Fortifications of this Island, for obliging the Proprietors of Slaves and Mules to fend certain Proportions thereof, for the public Service in Ccfes of Emergency, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

213

An Act to prevent the purchasing of Cotton from Slaves, and also stolen Cotton from any Person or Persons whatsoever; also laying a Penalty on Persons who shall fujfer their Slaves to plant and gather Cotton, or who shall purchase Cotton from Slaves.

1779*

WHEREAS the Laws now in Force in this Island prohibiting Slaves from planting Cotton, have been found to be incffeblual for answering the Purposes thereby intended; Slaves not only continuing to plant Cotton notwithstanding the aforesaid Prohibition, but frequently vending llolen Cotton to White Persons, and others in the said Island, to the great Prejudice of the While Planters thereof.

And whereas Cotton Wool is the Commodity by which the Poor of this Island are principally supported; for preventing therefore as far'as Preamble may be such Abuses, and the said Injury done the poor Inhabitants of this Island for the future, and for the encouraging the Planting of Cotton in this Island by the poor Inhabitants thereof: We your Majesty's most dutiful and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief over all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Islands in America, and the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montferr at, humbly pray your mofl Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, every Person and Persons lading on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of the Roads in this Island, any Cotton Wool as of the Growth or Proclubt of this Island, shall before the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, procure an Affidavit signed and sworn to before some Justice of the Peace in the said Island, either by the Grower,

Maker, or Shipper of such Cotton, or his or their known Agent, Manager,

Overseer, or Apprentice, expressing the Number (which Number shall not be expressed in Figures, but specified at full Length in Words at large) andt'hcName and Marks of the said Bags or Packages, and describing the Name or Names of the Plantation or Plantations, Land or Lands where the fame Cotton grew, grew, or were produced; which Affidavit shall be attested under the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace, to have been sworn to in his Pre- ^cI‘~ fence, who is hereby required to do the fame without Fee or Reward, officer°of ° and which said Affidavit shall be delivered to the Collector or other prin- the Customs cipal Officer of the Customs of the said Island, who is hereby directed to receive the same without Fee or Reward, previous to the clearing out the cleared out. said Ship or Vessel.

And whereas Cotton Wool is sometimes imported into the said Island from Colonies belonging to his Majesty, or from foreign Colonies, in c not Order to be exported to Great Britain or elsewhere; be it enacted by the of the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Cotton Wool shall be actually imported into and landed in this Island, and shall be afterwards shipped notsto be and loaded on Board any Ship or Vessel in any of the Ports of the said cleared out Island, every Person so shipping or loading the said Cotton Wool, shall, before the clearing out of the said Ship or Vessel, produce and deliver to made of the3 the Collector or other principal Officer of the Customs of the said Island, Placeof such an Affidavit signed and sworn to before some Justice of the Peace in the Cotton' said Island, by such Shipper, or his, or their known Agent, or Fabtor,

Affidavit to be sworn to mentioning the No. and Mark of the Bags, See,

Penalty on Owners or FofTessors of Slaves suffering them to plant or gather Cotton for the Use of such Slaves.

Penalty on Persons purchasing Cotton from Slaves.

How to be zccovered,

And how applied.

Persons suspected of having purchased Cotton from Slaves,

how to be dealt with.

expressing the Number and Marks of the said Bags or Packages, and that, the fame is not of the Growth of this Island, which Affidavit shall be ai-tefled under the Hand of the said Justice of the Peace to have been fworu to in his Presence, who is hereby required to do the lame without Fee or Reward, Snd which said Affidavit shall be delivered to the Collector or other principal Officer of the Cuiloms of the said Iffntul, who is hereby directed to receive the same without Fee or Reward, previous to the Clearing out the said Ship or Vessel,

And whereas some Persons in the said Island, notwithstanding the Penalty imposed by an Act of this Island, on such Owners or Possessors of Slaves, as shall permit their Slave or Slaves to plant or gather Indigo, Cotton, Ginger, Coffee, or Cocoa for the Use of such Slave or Slaves, still permit their Slaves to plant and gather Cotton for the Use of such Slaves, to the great Detriment of the White, more particularly the Poor Planters thereof; be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons whatsoever, Owner or Possessor, or Owners or PoiTeffors of Slaves, that shall permit his, her, or their Slave or Slaves, to plant or gather Cotton for the Use of such Slave or Slaves, such Master, Owner, or Possessor, shall forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds current Money of the said Island, over and above the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money of the said Island, already imposed by Virtue of an Act of the said Island in such Case made and provided, which said Sum of One Hundred Pounds shall be recovered as is directed by the aforesaid Act.

And in Order to prevent, as far as may be, the purchasing of Cotton from Slaves in the said Island, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons in the said Iflana shall, after the Publication of this Act, purchase from any Slave or Slaves in the said Island, any Cotton Wool, such Person or Persons on being convicted thereof, by Oath before any Magistrate of the said Island, by the Oath of one credible Witness, shall forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds current Money of the, said Island, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in his Majesty's Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas for the said Island; which said Sum of One Hundred Pounds, as also the other Penalties hereby imposed, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of this Island, to be applied to the Repairs of the Forts and Fortifications thereof.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there shall be probable Cause to suspect that any Person hath purchased stolen Cotton from any White or other Person, or Cotton from Negroes, which hath been planted and gathered by Negroes, that on Information thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the said Island, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required so to do, to summon the Person or Persons who shall be suspected to have purchased such Cotton, to appear before such Justice of the Peace to prove either by the Oath of such fuspective Person, or that of any other Person or Persons whatsoever, how he came by such Cotton; and in Case the Person or Persons who shall be suspected of having purchased such Cotton in Manner aforesaid, shall refuse or omit to give such Proof, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice of the Peace, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant under his Hand and Seal against such Person or Persons, commanding him, her, or them, to appear before him in reasonable Time, to shew Cause why the aforesaid Penalty herein before imposed on the Purchasers of stolen Cotton, or Cotton planted and gathered by Negroes for their own Use, should not be levied on such Person or Persons Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements, or in Default thereof,

why

215

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

why Execution should not issue against the Body or Bodies of such Person or Persons; and in Case such Person or Persons so summoned, should *779-neglect or refuse to attend at the Time to be mentioned in such War- ' ’

rant, then on Oath made of the Service of such Warrant or Summons, it shall and may be lawful for such Magistrate, who is hereby required to do the fame, to issue an Execution under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Provost Marshal of the said Island or his lawful Deputy, directing him to levy the said Penalty, with all reasonable Costs, on the Goods and Chattels, Lands or Tenements of such Person, and for Want thereof, to take the Body or Bodies of such Person or Persons, and him, her, or them, to keep in Custody in the Common Gaol of this Island for the Space of Three Calendar Months, unless in the mean Time the said Penalty and reasonable Costs are paid and satisfied.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons swearing falsely, in any Affidavit required to be taken by this Perjury, Act, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be deemed liable to be prosecutea in all Relpefts as Persons guilty of Perjury are in Great Britain, any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas many Persons may have purchased Cotton before the Publication of this Act, it is enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That such Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be liable to the Penalties inflicted by this Act, provided such Purchaser or Purchasers shall procure and deliver to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs of the said Island, an Affidavit signed and sworn to before some Ttiftice of the Peace in the said Island, that the said Cotton was purchased by him, her, or them, before the Publication of this Act.

Dated in St. Christopher's this Twenty-seventh Day of March, in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-nine.

Read and passed the Assembly this") fRead and passed the Council this Twenty-sixth Day of March, Twenty-sixth Day of March, 1779. >< 1779.

Richard Symons, Clerk to the Af- William Brade, Clerk to the fembly. J (_ Council.

Thomas Harcum,

St. Christopher’s,y&tfe& the Governor in Chief this Twenty-seventh Day of March, 1779.

Speaker pro tempore.

William Mathew

Burt.

Published in the Town of Plymouth the Sixth Day of April, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-nine.

Nath. Harris, D. P. M.

Recorded this Fourteenth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-nine.

An

216

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

fx-d°: An Act to lay a Poll Tax of Thirteen Shillings and Six-pence 13.?. 6d. on upon Slaves, to lay a Tax of Seven Pounds upon all THind-

every Slave.

Arrefrment mills and Water-mills, and Five Pounds upon Horse-mills,

1S°1' and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth, and Places

adjacent, in the Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds.

jL 7 q

0°21 i. An Act to lay a Poll Tax of Twenty-one Shillings upon Slaves, Expired. to lay a Tax of Seven Pounds upon all Wind-mills and Watermills, and Five Pounds upon Horse-mills, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, in the Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds, and Fifty Pounds upon each and every..public Billiard Table in the said Island.

z is. on every Slave.

Afle Ament 150l.

1781. 0° 212.

Expired. 12l. on every Slave. Assessment 150l.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax of Twelve Shillings upon all Slaves, to lay a Tax of Seven Pounds upon all Wind-mills and Watermills, and Five Pounds upon Horse-mills, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, in the Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds, and, Fifty Pounds on each and every public Billiard Table in the said Island.

1781.

0°2I3.

An Act for the Relief of Joseph Hixon, an Insolvent Debtor.

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1782.

---

An Act to lay a Duty or Tax on all Sugar, Rum, and Cotton, ulpked.* already shipped and now in the Road of Plymouth, or in any of the out Bays of this Island for this present Year, for the Purpose of raising the Sum of Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings arid Ten-pence, to be applied towards the Dfcharge of the Duty or Impofl of Eighteen Hundred Johannes’s, laid upon this- Island at the Capitulation thereof by his mof Chri/lian Majesty.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax of Twenty-four Shillings upon all Anno Slaves, to lay a Poll Tax of Seven Pounds upon all Wind-mills and Water-mills, and Five Pounds on Horse-mills, and to tax Expired. the Hottfes in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, tiave?every in the Sum of One Hundred and Fifty Pounds, and Fifty Pounds on each and every public Billiard Table in the said Island»

An Act to regulate the Prices of Butcher’s Meat, Poultry, and

Flfh, Expired.

3

An

218 The LAWS of MONTSERRAT. 1782.

217. An Act for reviving and making valid all Suits and Process depending in the Courts of Chancery, Error, and King’s-bench, and Common-pleas of the said Island, at the Time of the Capture thereof by the Arms of his present Majesty, and for Japplying all Defebls that may have arisen to the said Suits and Process by Reason thereof, and restoring the same to the Plight and Condition in which they were at the Time of such Capture.

[Preamble.]

'|¥ WHEREAS in Consequence of the Capture of this Island by your Majesty's Arms., Doubts have arisen as to the Validity of the several Suits and Process then depending in the Courts of Chancery, Error, and King’s-bench, and Common-pleas of the said Island, ancf particularly whether the said Suits and Process can be carried on in the "same Manner as if this Island had {till continued under the Subjection of the Crown of Great Britain; and whereas it is highly proper for the Ease and Benefit of the several Persons who had Suits, depending in the said Courts respectively, at the Time of the Capture of this Island as aforesaid, that all Doubts whatever relating to the said Suits and Process should be removed, and the said Suits and Process restored to the fame Plight and Condition in which they were at the foregoing Period; we, your Majesty's dutiful Subjects, the Governor, Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Mon ferr at, do therefore humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Suits and Process whatever, depending in the said Courts of Chancery, Error, King’s-bench and Common-pleas of the said Island of Moniferrat, at the Time of the Capture thereof by your Majesty's Arms, on the Twenty-second Day of February last, and which in Consequence of such Capture may have been abated or been rendered invalid, shall be, and are hereby revived and made valid, and the fame and each and every of them .shall Revival. tie, and are restored to the fame Plight, Condition, and State, in which the fame were respectively at the Time of such Capture f and the several Plaintiffs at Law and in Equity in such Suits, are hereby fully authorized and impowered to proceed to final Judgments and Decrees thereupon, or otherwise according to the Nature of their respective Suits, and likewise to all subsequent Process in the same Manner as-if the said Island had not been captured, but still continued under the Subjection of his Britannic Majesty aforesaid: Provided always, That Nothing herein contained shall extend to cure or make valid any Defect or Imperfection which may have been in the said Suits or Process, previous to the Capture of the said .Island, but the fame, and each and every of them, are hereby declared to be in the same State as at the Time of such Capture; any Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Dated at Montserrat this Twenty-eighth Day of December, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-two.

Degoullone.

Read

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

219

Read and passed the Assembly this"! ("Read and passed the Council this Seventh Day of December, 1782. yJ FourtCenthDay a[' December,17 & 2.. Richd. Symons, Clerk to the Af-1 John Fade, Clk. to the Council, fembly. J L

Ellis lies. Speaker.

Published this 8th Day of January, 1783,

Richd. Symons, D. P. M.

P. T.

Recorded this Eighth Day of January, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three.

John Fade, D. Secy.

An Act to continue an Act, intitled. An Act to lay a Duty or Tax on all Sugar, Rum, and Cotton, already shipped and now in the Road of Plymouth, or in any of the Roads or out Bays of this Island for this present Year, for the Purpose of raising the Sum of Four Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-one Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten-pence, to be applied towards the Discharge of the Duty or Impost of Eighteen Hundred Johannes’s, laid upon this Island at the Capitulation thereof by his most Christian Majesty.

~t,

-An Act for laying a 'Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters./ and other ;a Strong Waters sold by Retail, and for applying the same,as the . Council, and Assembly shall direct,

J

ri

An

Anno 1782. 0° 218.

Expired#

1783-0° 21Q.

Expired, u. GAl.on-every Gal* Toni

j

220

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

220. An Act to lay a Poll Tax of Seven Shillings on each and every 7ifonoverV Slave, and a Tax of Fifty Pounds on each and every public slave. Billiard Table within the said If and.

tygg. An Act to amend and explain an Act, intitled. An Act to lay a

221. Poll Tax of Seven Shillings on each and every Slave,

Expired. and a Tax of Fifty Pounds on each and every public

Billiard Table within the said Island.

222. Act to alter, amende and explain an Act, intitled, An Act for

constituting a Court of Chancery, to be held in and for the said Island.

[Preamble.]

If the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or President, or Commander of the Island, be Party to any Suit, the next Member of the Council. Shall preside,

WHEREAS many Delays and Inconveniencies have arisen to Suitors in the said Court of Chancery from the present Formation of the said Act, there being no Provision made for the constituting of a Court, in Case the Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or President of the Island, should be a Party to the Suit, or be one of the Justices of the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and should have given any Adjudication in any Matter primarily determined in the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and afterwards brought into the said Court of Chancery, in either of which Cafes no Court of Chancery could be obtained, to the great Delay of Justice and Irvjmy to your Majesty's Subjefils; we therefore your Majesty’s'Subjects, the Council and Assembly of your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained;

And be it, and it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or President of the Island, shall be a Party to any Suit commenced in the said Court of Chancery, or shall be a Juffcice of the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and shall have adjudicated in any Matter primarily

determined

£22 1

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

determined in the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and

afterwards brought into the said Court of Chancery, then and in either of 1783- , the said Cafes, or in Case of any other legal Impediment in the said Lieu- w;^Twth tenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or Prefiaent, the next Member of other the Council in Seniority (v/ho shall not be a Party, or a Justice of the Cotmc?/ said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, who may have primarily m .11 form a determined as aforesaid,) shall prelide and form a Court of Chancery, Court-together with any other Four Members of the Council: Provided nevertheless, That where any of the Council shall be Parties, or otherwise F°^ Wantof disabled from fitting by any legal Impediment, and Five disintereRed fed'Mem- ~ Members cannot be found, in such Case any Three or Four of the Coun- hers, 3 or oil shall be asufficient Number of the Councillors to make a Court; and cour^0™ the said Court of Chancery hereby efiablifiied, shall be, and is hereby declared to all Intents and Purposes a Court of Record, and also that no particular Commission shall be necessary for holding the said Court, or appointing Justices thereof; but the Justices thereof shall be, and are hereby authorized and enabled to Act m all Things aforesaid by Virtue of this Act, without further Writ, Commission, or Authority, any Thing in this or in the said former Chancery Act, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Dated this Nineteenth Day of September, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three.

Degoullon.

Read and passed the Assembly this! fRead and passed the Council this 19th Day of September, 1783. U 19th Day of September, 1783. Rich3-. Symons, Clerk to the Af- Chrifr. Musgrave, Clerk to the

fembly. -> Council,

Joseph- Hamer, Speaker pro tempore.

Published in the Town of Plymouth, this Twenty-fourth Day of September, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three.

Richd. Symons, D. P. Mar.

Pro. Temp,

Recorded this Twenty-fourth Day of September, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three,

Chrifr, Musgrave, D. Sefty.

222

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

223. afoeT' amend, and explain certain Parts of an Act, in-

titled, An Act for the establishing a Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for the more speedy Execution of Justice, and for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket settled by his Excellency by the Advice of the Council.

[Preamble.]

WHEREAS many Inconveniencies have arisen to the several Suitors in the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, in Consequence of unsatisfied Executions on Judgments obtained in the said Court, having been hitherto' renewed at the second. Court after the issuing thereof, whereby many Persons have lost their Priorities on the said Executions, and the Monies recoverable thereupon.

And whereas much Mischief hath also resulted to the Inhabitants by Reason of the several Plaintiffs not ascertaining the Sums respectively due on'Executions, on Penal Judgments ilfuing out of the said Court. And whereas nothing can conduce more to the Encouragement of Trade, Support of Credit, and effectual promoting in all Respebts the Welfare and Reputation of this Island, than the regulating the Manner of levying Executions issuing out of the said Court: We therefore, your Majesty's Subjects the Council and Assembly of your Majesty's Island of Mons-Jerrat, humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enabled and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this A'bt, it shall and may be lawful for the Provost Marshal of this Island, or his Mheftr°V°r Deputy, to execute any Writ or Writs of Execution issuing out

Deputy Pro"- of the said Court, notwithstanding the Day appointed for the Return of voftMarfhai, such Execution shall be elapsed; and notwithstanding the Plaintiff or aft *1-the Da PEin tiffs, Defendant or Defendants in such Writ of Execution, may die appointed*y after the Return Day specified therein; and all such Execution, notwithstanding the fame, may not be executed previous to the Return thereof^ and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants therein, may die after the Return Day specified therein, shall and may be executed at any subsequent Time usually appointed for levying Executions, and the same shall continue and be in full Force, Efficacy, and Effect against the Defendant, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, until the same shall be fully executed, or until the same shall be satisfied by the Defendant, and shall maintain and preserv their and each of the respective Priorities and Priority which they and each of them originally acquired, any Thing herein before contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. And whereas it hath frequently happened, that Executions are issued

For the Return of an Execution.

against Defendants upon Judgments obtained against them, for the Penalty of Bond Bills Penal, and other Penalties, when in Fabt much less is due from such Defendants than such Penalties, and the Provost Martial or his Deputy is at a Loss to know what is due on such Executions, by Reason whereof subsequent Purchasers are often kept out of their Money by the Provost Marshal, or his Deputy, retaining inhis Hands

tl?e

223

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

the Amount of such Penalties; and such Execution Creditors, if not properly restrained, may receive more than what is bonafide due to them upon such Executions, not only to the Detriment of subsequent Exe- v cution Creditors, but of such Defendants : To prevent the Delays and Injustice that may happen by Reason thereof, be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, who have obtained, or shall obtain any Judgment for any Penalty, and shall take out Execution thereon, and shall deliver such Execution to the Provost Marshal or his Deputy, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs aPenahyoV within Fourteen Days after such Execution so delivered, shall deli- Bond and ver to the Provost Marshal or his Deputy, or leave at his Office an ^,""tlon Account of what is bona fide due to him, her, or them upon such thereon, the Execution, sworn to by such Plaintiff’ or Plaintiffs, or one of them, by Jiver Affidavit in Writing before any one of the Justices of the said Court of to the Dc-King’s-bench and Common-pleas, if such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be puty Provost present on this Island, or so me other Person or Persons in Case of the Accountan Death or Absence of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and if such Account be sworn to of sworn to by any other Person or Persons except the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or when the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs is or are Executor or Bond!1 Executors, Administrator or Administrators, or where such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs cannot from the Nature of the Transablion know of his own Knowledge what is due upon such Execution, then such Affidavit to be according to the bell of the Knowledge and Belief of liich Deponent r0cf0Cdoin u> or Deponents; and if such Execution Creditor shall not deliver his fofc his Account within the Time herein before limited so sworn to, Pnoruy‘ then the next Execution Creditor shall have a Preference to such Execution Creditor so neglecting, or refilling to deliver his Account and swearing as aforesaid.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Sale or Sales of any Lands, Tenements, Slaves, Goods or Chattels, under any Execution or Executions ilfuing out of the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall be allowed and have the following Times for the Payment of their Bid- Time allow-dings, that is to say, where the Biddings shall amount to Three Hun- ed for the dred Pounds, within Thirty Days; and where the same shall amount to the PfoSafe Six Hundred Pounds, within Sixty Days; and where the same shall Money at amount to One Thousand Pounds, within Four Months; and where the ^[*fhals fame shall amount to Two Thousand Pounds and upwards, within Six Months after such Sale; and that the Provost Marshal or his lawful Deputy for the Time being, shall within Twenty Days after the Sale of any Defendant’s Goods and Chattels, Lands and Tenements, which shall be levied upon and sold by Virtue of any Execution ilfuing out of the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, make a Return to the said Court, or into the Secretary’s Office of the said Island on such Execution, and shall pay to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Execution the Monies arising on nich Sale, or as much thereof as shall be sufficient for satisfying the said Execution at the Times, and after the Manner aforesaid.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case the Marshal noe Plaintiff in any Execution, which shall be delivered to the Provost Mar- entitled to shal or his lawful Deputy, shall by Indorsement to be made on such Ex-ecution, direct the said Marshal or his lawful Deputy not to proceed rnade! y thereon until further Orders, the said Marshal or his Deputy shall not be intitled to any Commissions thereon, unless in Case of actual Levy made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And

224

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

1783.

y Marshal to keep a Record,

for which he

Penalty on Marshai’s Neglect,

Lieutenant

Governor,

being

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Marshal or his Deputy shall be ODliged to keep regular Books, setting forth the Date of the Execution, the Time when delivered to him, and when levied, and all such other Matters as relate to the said Execution and that the said Books shall be considered as a public Record, and to be inspected by any Person or Persons whatsoever, he or they paying Two Shillings and Six-pence for every such Inspection, and to be aelivered up by the present Marshal, or his Deputy, to his Successor, and so on to every succeeding Marshal; And in Order that the said Marshal or his Deputy should receive a Compensation for his extraordinary Expence, Care, and is to be ai- Trouble, be it enacted, That Fifty Pounds current Money annually, lowed annu- shall be paid to him for the fame from the public Treasury of this

ally 50l. cur- B]and.

And-be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That should the Marshal or his Deputy neglect to keep and perform any of the Re-quifites in this Act contained, he shall for every Neglect or Non-performance, forfeit the Sum of One Hundred Pounds current Money, the same to be recovered by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in the said Island.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or President of the Island, Party to any shall be a Party to any Suit commenced in the Court of Error, or Suit brought shall be a Justice of the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, Co°rthof and shall have adjudicated in any Matter primarily determined in Errors, shall the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and afterwards 0°fifinule brought, into the said Court of Error, then and in either of the said Cafes, said Court, or in Case of any other legal Impediment in the said Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or President, the next Member of the Council in Seniority, (who shall not be a Party, or a Justice of the said Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, and who may have primarily determined as aforesaid,) shall preside and form a Court of Error, together with any other Four Members of the Council: Provided nevertheless, That where any of the Council shall be Parties, or otherwise disabled from fitting by any legal Impediment, and Five disinterested Members cannot be found, in such Case, any Three or Four of the Council shall be a sufficient Number of the Councillors to make a Court; and the said Court of Errors hereby established, shall be and is hereby declared to all Intents and Purposes a Court of Record, and also that no particular Commission shall be necessary for holding the said Court, or appointing Justices thereof; but the Justices thereof shall be, and are hereby authorized and enabled to act in all Things aforesaid by Virtue of this Act, without further Writ, Commission, or Authority, any Thing in this or in the said former Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Dated in Montserrat this Nineteenth Day of September, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three.

ProvUo.

Degoullond.

Read and passed the Assembly this-} j-Nineteenth Day of September, j One Thousand Seven Hundred! J and Eightty-three. fj

jRd. Symons, Clerk to the Af-1 1

fembly. J L

Read and passed the Council this Nineteenth Day of September, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three Chris. Musgrave, Clerk to the Council.

Joseph

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT,

225

Joseph Hameri Speaker pro tempore-.

Published in the Town of Plymouth, this Eighth Day of November, 1783.

Dond. Morifon, D; P. M.

Recorded this Eighth Day of November, C)ne Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three,

Chris. Musgrave, D. Sedty,

l7*3-

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency Thomas Shirley, Esquire, Chief Governor of the Leeward Charibbee Ifandst during his Government*

1784, 5$° 2244

Expired.

An Act for reviving and making valid all Suits and Process de- 1784. pending in the Courts of Chancery, Error, and King’s-bench, 0° 225* and Common-pleas of the said Island, at the Time of the Refitution thereof by the French King to his present Majesty, and for supplying all DefeEls that may have arisen to the said Suits and Process by Reason of the Capture and Refitution thereof, and reforing the same to the Plight and Condition in which they were at the Time of fitch Reflitutioni

WHEREAS in Consequence of the French King’s Reftitutidn of this Island to your Majesty, Doubts have arisen as to the Validity of the several Suits and Process then depending in the Courts of Chancery, Error, and King’s-bench, and Common-pleas of the said Island, and particularly whether the said Suits and Process can be carried on in the same Manner as if this Island had still continued under the Subjection of the French King; and whereas it is highly proper for the Ease, Be- p^ye. nelit, and Advantage of the several Persons who had Suits depending in

3 L the

226

The LAWS' of M ONTSERRA T.

<——i the said Courts respectively, at the Time of the Restitution of this Island , 1704- i as aforesaid, that all Doubts whatsoever relating to the said Suits and 'r~ Process should be removed, and the said Suits and Process restored to the lame Plight and Condition in which they were at the foregoing Period; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief ' in and over all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbcc Islands in America, the Council, and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do most humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, end it is hereby enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all Suits and Process whatever, depending in the said Courts of Chancery, Error, and King’s-bench and Com mor-pleas of the said (land of Montserrat, at the Time of the Restitution thereof to your Majesty, on the Fifth Day of January last, and which in Consequence of such Restitution may have abated or been rendered invalid, shall be, and are hereby revived SuiL1V<£jL°f an^ made valid, and the fame and each and every of them shall be, and jafe restored to the fame Plight, State, and Condition, and State, in which the fame were respectively at the Time of such Restitution; and the several Plaintiffs at Law and in Equity in such Suits, are hereby fully authorized and impowered to proceed to final Judgments and Decrees thereupon, or otherwise according to the Nature of their respective Suits, and likewise to all subsequent Process in the same Manner as if the said Island had not been restored, but still continued under the Subjection of the French King : Provided always, That Nothing herein contained shall extend to secure or make valid any Defect. or Imperfection which may have been in the said Suits and Process, previous to the Restitution thereof; but the fame, and each and every of them, are hereby declared to be in the same State as at the Time of such Restitution; any Thing to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Dated at Montserrat this Twenty-seventh Day of April, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-four.

Read and passed the Assembly this-] ("Read and passed the Council this 19th Day of March, 1784. U 26th Day of March, 1784. Richd- Symons, Clerk to the Af- j| Chris. Mvfgrave, Clerk to the fembly. J L Council.

Passed by the Governor in Chief the' 27th Day. of April, 1784.

Joseph Hamer, Speaker.

Thos.

Duly

The LAWS o/ MONTSERRAT; V

Duly published in the Town of Plymouth, this Twenty-eighth iDay-of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-four.

John Harlow,.D<tp. Pro. Marshal.

Recorded this 28th of April, 1784.

Chriff. Musgrave, D. Sedy*

An Act for confirming and establishing. several APIs fiajjcd by the Legislature oj this Island, during the Government, thereof under the French King.

1784* $5° 226.

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen as to the Force and Validity of the several Acts passed by the Legislature of the saidlfland, during the Government thereof under use French King, and whereas it is highly proper for the Ease and Benefit of your Majesty's Subjects in the said Island, that several Acts (from which your Majesty's Subjects have received great Advantage,) passed by the Legislature of the said Island, during the Government thereof by the French King, should be confirmed and reliored to the same State, Condition, Force, and Effect, in which they were at the Time of the Restitution of this Island to your Majesty; we therefore, your Majesty's moll loyal and obedient Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward, Ckaribbee islands in America, the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montfrrat, do humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted and ordained, and be it, and it is hereby enadeci and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the following Acts passed by the Legislature, of this island, during the Government thereof under the French-K.ing, that is to say, An Act made, and passed ,the..Nineteenth Day of September, in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-three, intitled. An Act to alter, amend, and explain certain Parts of an API, intitled, An Aid for efiakfilling a' Court of Kings-bench and Common-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for the moreJpeedy Execution of fufice, and, for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees' than allozo:d in a Docket settled by his Excellency by'Advice of the Councily and one ether Ad made and passed on the same Day, iptitfled, An Act to alter, append, and explain an API, intitled,. An API fot constituting a Court of Chancery to beheld in 'and, for this Island, the Force of which, in Consequence of the late Restitution of the said Island to your Majesty, may have abated ®r been rendered of no Effect, shall be, and are hereby revived, confirmed, and made valid to" all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, and that the fame and each and every of them shall be, and are revived, confirmed, established, and reliored to the fame' Condition, Force, Effect, and Stare, in which the fame were respectively at the Tiipe of such Restitution-

Dated

228

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

' Dated in Montserrat, this Twenty-seventh Day of April, in the *7 4- t Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George v* the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-four.

Read and passed the Aflenfbly this! fRead and passed the Council this 19th Day of March, 1784. ! J 26th Day of March, 1784.

Rich*. Symons, Clerk to the Af- j j Chris. Mujgrave, Clerk to the

fembly. j Council.

Joseph Hamer, Speaker.

Patted by the Governor in Chief this 37th Day of April, 1784.

Shirley.

Duly published in the Town of Plymouth this Twenty-eighth Day of April, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-four.

John Harlow, Dep. Pro. Mar.

Recorded this 28th Day of April, 1784.

Chris. Musgrave, D. Sefty.

gno An Act for ascertaining the Freights oj Sugar, Rum, and other 0,22*7- Produce, or any Goods and Merchandizes, which shall be car-fxpired. ried and transported from one Part of the said Island to another, in or by Sloops, Shallops, Boats, Canoes, and other Vessels.

229

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT*

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters sold by Retail, and for prohibiting the Sale thereof without a Licence, and for applying the Monies arising therefrom as the Council and Assembly shall direEL

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, and each and every public Billiard Table in the said Island.

An Act to explain an amend an Act, intitled. An Act to render more effectual an Act, intitled, An Act to repeal an Act, intitled a Powder Act, and for appointing an Import of Powder on each Ton of Goods of the Growth of this Island, that all Ships, Sloops, See. trading to this Island shall take on Board.

TXT- WHEREAS by an Act of this Island, passed in the Year of pur ’ Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-eight, intitled, " An Act to render more effectual an Act, intitled. An Act to repeal an " Act, intitled a Powder Act, and for appointing an Irnpofl of Powder v on each Ton of Goods of the Growth of this Island, that all Ships, " Sloops, See. trading to this Island shall take on Board," it is among other Things enacted, that no Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels trading to this Island, shall be subject to pay Powder or Powder Money, unless the said Ships, Sloops, and other Vessels, shall take on Board some of the Growth or Manufacture of this Island; but the Masters or Owners of all Ships, Sloops, and other Vessels, that shall take on Board of the Manufacture of the said Island, shall pay to the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine for the Time being, One Pound of good Pistol Powder, for each and every Hogshead or Tierce of Sugar; and if

3 M any

0° 228.

Expired.

1 r. on every

Gallon.

1784*

229.

Expired. 22s. on every Slave. Assessment £164 8 .6

1784. 0° 230.

[Preamble.]

230

The LAWS of MON T SERll A T.

IP

i7«4.

i a Pound of Powder for every Plogf-hcadof Su-gur.

Fur Want of Powder '&s. per 'ound to be lid to the roper Of-

,*)whers, Z3c+ •efufing to pay. how to to be dealt with.

any Sugar be shipped in Barrels, four Barrels shall be deemed equivalent to a Hogshead or Tierce of Sugar, and so on in Proportion, and each and every Barrel of Indigo shall pay equal to each Hogshead or Tierce of Sugar, and for each Bag of Cotton, half a Pound of like Powder, which such Ships, Sloops, or other Vessels shall take on Board of the Growth or Manufacture of the said Kland. And whereas the said Impod hath been found very detrimental to Trade, and burthensome to the Masters and Owners of Vessels trading to this Island; we your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leeward Charibbee Blands in America, the Council and Adembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montserrat, do humbly pray your mod. Sacred Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it, and it is hereby enabled by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Publication of this Act, the Master or Owner of any Ship, Sloop, or other Vessel, that shall take on Board of the Growth or Manufacture of this Idand, diall not be obliged to pay to the Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine for the Time being, any more than half a Pound of good Pidol Powder for each and every Hogshead or Tierce of Sugar; and if any Sugar be dripped in Barrels, Four Barrels shall be deemed equivalent to a Hogdread or Tierce of Sugar, and so on for any less Proportion; and for each and every Bag of Cotton, half a Pound of like Powder, and for Want of such Powder as aforesaid, ever)' such Master or Owner shall pay Two Shillings and Six-pence Gold and Silver Money, and no more, for each Pound of Powder, to be received by the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine, any Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And be it enacted, That the Master or Owner of every Ship, Sloop, or other Vesselj immediately after receiving his Clearances from the Cudom-house, shall produce the same to the said Keeper of the Stores, and pay the Duty as aforesaid; and in Case such Mader or Owner diall neglect to produce to the said Keeper of the Stores his Clearances as aforesaid, or to pay the Duty as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, Complaint to him being fird made by the said Keeper of the Stores of the Magazine, to issue out a Warrant directed to the Provost Mardial or his lawful Deputy, to summon such Master or Owner to appear before such Justice of the Peace, to diew Caule why he hath neglected to pay the said Powder, or Money in Lieu thereof; and in Case the Person, against whom such Warrant shall so issue as aforesaid, shall neglect to appear after such Summons, or shall not drew good Cause for his Neglect or Refusal, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice of the Peace, to commit such Master or Owner to the Common Gaol of the said Island, there to remain until the said Powder or Money be paid as herein before directed.

Dated in Montjcrrat, this Fird Day of May, in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, by the Grace of God of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and in the Year of our Lord One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-four.

Read and passed the Assembly this! ("Read and paired the Council this Thirtieth Day of April, 1784. H Thirtieth Day of April, 1784. Rich. Sy??i07is, Clerk to the Af- j] Chris. Musgrave, Clerk to the fembly. J L ’ Council.

Jos.

231

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Jos. Hornet, Speaker.

Patted by the Governor this Fifft Day of May, 17845 and in the 24th Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Duly published in the Town of Plymouth, this Third Day of May, 1784.

In°. Harlow, D. P. M1.

Recorded this 3d Day of May, 1784.

Chris. Mujgraave, D. So

I/O*).

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses 0° 231. in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, and each , flTon and every public Billiard Table in the said Island. SSmente‘

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters sold by Retail, and for prohibiting the Sale *785. thereof without a Licence, and for applying the Monies arising ’jLpfild.’ therefrom towards the Payment of the Demands against the Public0

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

232

, 1785*

0° 233. An Act for the Relief of Nathaniel Dowdy, an Insolvent Debtor, confined in the Common Gaol of this If and.

1786.

iLpfr'ed!' An Act a Loll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Hoifes

in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, and e^ch and every public Billiard Table in the said Island.

xptt 1 os. 6d. on every Slave, Assessment £209.

1786. An Act to explain and amend Four several Acts, passed in the 235- Years One Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-six, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Two, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-eight, and One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty, for repairing and amending the Highways, and cleat sing the Streets in the Town of Plymouth, and for other Purposes in the said Alls mentioned.

WHEREAS the several Acts now in Force in this Island, for re-Preamble. pairing and amending the Highways, and cleansing the Streets in the Town of Plymouth, are tbund to be defective and inefficacious; we, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Governor in Chief in and over all your Majesty's Leezcard Charibbee Islands in America, the Council and Assembly of this your Majesty's Island of Montferr at, do humbly pray your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted, and Iuftycs of be it, and it is hereby enabled, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sur-Grands'ef^ veyors of the Highways for each respective Parish, shall, by the Directions lions to di- of the Justices of Grand Sessions, or a Majority thereof, divide the Parish i^hefirifo"' for which they shall be appointed into three Distribts, each Surveyor taking Distrias,©e. upon himself, and being answerable for the Reparation and good Order of Cart-way to the Roads in such particular District, for which he shall be lo nominated, be 20Feet And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyors of the Highways Btfdle-way and are hereby authorized and required to make, support, and

15. maintain.

233

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT;

maintain, or cause to be made, ftipported, and maintained, every public

Cart-way Twenty Feet wide, and every public Bridle-way Fifteen Feet 1786. wide. 5—v—J

oirveyors '

And be it further enacted, That where it shall appear upon the View impowered> of the Surveyor or Surveyors, that the Ground or Soil of any Highway ^t"drn,ifh°!. cannot be conveniently enlarged and made commodious for Travellers; ceifary) with without diverting and turning the fame, that the Surveyor or Surveyors the Appro-shall report to the Council and Assembly, such Parts of the Road which cou^iTand it shall be deemed necessary to divert and turn, and after the Appro- An'embiy. bation of the Council and Assembly being obtained for the fame, such Surveyor or Surveyors shall be, and he or they are hereby authorized and impowered within their respective Parishes, to order such Highways respectively to be diverted and turned in such Manner as they shall think fit; provided that such Highways, when so diverted and turned, shall not exceed Twenty Feet in Breadth, and that the said Powers do not extend to pull down any Houses or Buildings; and for the Satisfaction of the Person or Persons who are seized, or possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or in Trust, or are Attorney or Attornies for any other Person H Cafe the or Persons in the said Ground, that shall be laid into, the said Highways c^nnmagree respectively, so to be diverted and turned, the said Surveyor or Survey- with Persons ors shall, and are hereby impowered to make an Agreement with him, torrr‘ll"t0^lJl' her, or them, for the Recompence to be made for such Ground to him, Oev’aio'to. ‘ her or them, respectively as aforesaid; and if the said Surveyor or Sur- ait." veyors cannot agree with the said Person or Persons, or if he, she, or they cannot be found, or shall refuse to treat or take such Recompence or Satisfaction as shall be offered to them respectively by such Surveyor or Surveyors, then the Justices of the Peace at the next Grand Sessions, or the Justices of the Court of King’s bench and Common-pleas, at the next Court to be holden for the said Island, upon Certificate in Writing signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors, making such View as aforesaid of their Proceedings in the Premises, and upon Proof of Fourteen Days Notice in Writing having been given by the Surveyor or Surveyors of such Parish, to the Owner, Occupier, or other Guardian, Trust.ee, Attorney, or Agent, signifying an Intention to apply to such Grand Session, or Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas, for the Purpose of taking such Ground, shall empannel a Jury of Twelve disinterested Men out of the Persons returned to serve as Jurymen, at such Grand Sessions or Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas; and the said Jury shall, upon their Oaths, to the best of their Judgment, atiefs the Damages to be given, and Recompence to be made to the Owners and others interested as aforesaid in the said Ground, for their respective Interelis as they shall think reasonable for the making of the said Highways respectively; and upon such Agreement being made by the Surveyors as aforesaid, or upon such Assessment being made by a Jury as aforesaid for Recompence, the said Surveyor or Surveyors are impowered and required to issue to the Person or Persons intitled to receive the lame, an Order in Writing for the full Amount thereof, directed to the public Treasurer of the said Island, who is hereby authorized and required to pay the same, or to allow and accept the said Order in Payment of, and for any Debt due to the Public by the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Order is given or assigned, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds current Money for every Default, to be recovered by the Person aggrieved, to and for his, her, or their Use, in any Court of Record in the said Island, by Bill, Plaint, or Information; provided that such Order is for the fame Species of Money due and owing, to the Public.

3 N And-

2 34

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

786.

Land purchased for a public Road, •and diverted and tui ned 1 a Months, 10 be con* ftdered as a public Highroad.

S^urvcyoi s impowered lodispose of the old Highway.

in what Manner.

Penalty on taking Soil from the Highway.

Nuisances,

«kc.

Penalty cn Persons ob-strutting the Highways or Streets.

And be it further enacted, That upon granting such Order by the Surveyor or Surveyors as aforesaid, the Ground f'o purchased shall be deemed and taken to be a public Highway to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and when any Highway or Bridle-way hath been directed and turned above Twelve Months, either from Necessity, or to render the fame more commodious to the Public, and the fame hath been acquiesced in, and no Suit or Prosecution hath been commenced for the diverting and turning the fame, every new Highway or Bridle-way set out, and ufecl in the Place of that so diverted and turned, shall from henceforth be the public Highway or Bridle-way, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

And be it further enacted, That when any new Highway shall be made as aforesaid, the old Highway shall be hopped up, and the Land anti Soil thereof shall be sold by the said Surveyors, to the Person or Persons through whole Lands such old Highway went, or was contiguous tOj and if no Agreement can be made for the said old Highway between the Surveyors and Person or Persons so intitled to the Preference thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to elect two disinterested Freeholders of the Parish in which the said Land is, one of whom shall be chosen by the Surveyor, and the other by the Person or Persons so concerned; and in Case such Person or Persons shall refuse to make such Election, the Surveyor is hereby authorized and impowered to elect the said two Freeholders, who shall determine the Value thereof; and should the two Persons so chosen disagree in their Opinion, then they shall be at Liberty to call in one other disinterested Person who shall determine the fame; and in Case the said Person or Persons will not purchase or agree with the said Surveyors, or abide by the Opinion of the Freeholders so chosen as aforesaid, then the Treasurer is hereby directed, on Application being made by the said Surveyor, to expose the said Land for Sale at public Au£l ion, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be appropriated as the Council and Assembly shall direct.

And be it enacted, That in Cafe any Person or Persons shall take, or remove any Soil or Dirt from the Highways of this Island, such Person or Persons, or if the fame be done by a Negro or Negroes, the Proprietor or Manager of the Estate to which such Negro or Negroes belong, shall for each Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds current Money, to be recovered upon Conviction thereof, on Oath of one Witness before any Justice of the Peace for the said Island, one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be paid to the Treasurer, to be applied as the Council and Assembly shall direct: Provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to such Person or Persons who may remove any Soil which shall appear to the Surveyors to have been washed from his, her, or their Lands contiguous to the Highway.

And for preventing Obstructions in the Highways or in the Streets of the Town of Plymouth, be it enacted, That if any Stone, Timber, Casks, Cam or other Carriages, Dung, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, shall be laid in the Highway, or in any Part of the Streets, Lanes, or Passages, within the Town of Plymouth, in such Manner as to obstruct the lame, and shall not be removed within three Days after personal Notice, or Notice in Writing, be given by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or Surveyor or Surveyors of the Town of Plymouth, as the Case may be, to the Owner or Owners of such Stone, Timber, Cart or other Carriage, Dung, or other Matter or Thing, such Person or Persons so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, to be paid into the Treasury of this Island; and it shall and may be lawful for the Sui veyors, and they are hereby required to remove such Nuisances,

Obstructions,

The L A for S of MONTSERRA X. 1235

Obflru£lions, and Annoyances, and shall be reimbursed the Charges and <~~J'----- i

sixpences they shall be at in doing the fame, by the Pfeffon of Perldhs lo . 1786. offending, which Time and Charges and Expences aforesaid, shall be 'v levied by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace of the said Island.

And whereas it hath been a Practice of some of the Owners of Houses in the Town of Plymouth, to ere ft Pent-houses, Steps, Spur-ltones, and other Ob ftr act ions contiguous to the said PI oules on the Ground of the Streets of the said Town of Plymouth, whereby the said Streets have been made much narrower and more incommodious than they were originally in- £ tended to be; for Prevention whereof for the future, be it enacted, That the mentsonihfc Surveyors for the Town of Plymouth, of either of them, shall at all Sweets. Times and Seasons, as they or either of them shall judge proper; view all Buildings and Erections carrying on from Time to Time in the said Town; and in Cafe they or either of them shall observe any Encroachments made, or about to be made on the Ground of the said Streets; contrary to the Directions of this Act, they or either of them shall immediately give, or cause to be given to the Person or Persons making or permitting the fame, personal Notice, or Notice in Writing, to be left at his, her, or their Place of Abode, specifying the Particulars of such Encroachment or Obstruction, and directing the Person or Persons to suspend the carrying on such Building or Eretlion as aforesaid, until the Boundary of the Street in such Place shall be ascertained and fixed by twd or more Justices of the Peace; and in Case such Person or Persons shall H°w refuse to comply with such Order of the Surveyor or Surveyors, or after to'atC the Determination of the said Justices, and which shall be given within Five Days after the Service of such Notice, shall continue to carry on any Building or Ere£lion contrary to their Direction, it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors, and they are hereby directed to remove such Encroachment or Obflruflion, and shall be reimbursed the Charges and Expences attending the fame by the Person or Persons lo offending, who are hereby subject to a Fine of Five Pounds to be paid into the Treasury of this Island, to be appropriated as the Council and Assembly shall direct, which Charges, and Expences, and Fine aforesaid, shall be levied by Warrant from any Justice of the Peace of the said Island.

And whereas many Differences have arisen between the Inhabitants of the Town of Plymouth, and the Surveyors of the Parish of Saint Anthony, and the Surveyors of the Streets in the Town of Plymouth, as to the Places where they were to fend their Negroes to work: Be it enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Owner or Owners of Slaves, whole Gangs or Lifts of working Negroes amount to Twenty or uptvards, shall be amenable to, and under the Controul and Direction of the Surveyor of the Parish where such Negroes reside, for the Purpose of repairing and amending the Highways of the said Parish.

Dated in Antigua, this Nineteenth Day of September, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-six, and in the Twenty-sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

Read and passed the Assembly this") ("Read and puffed the Council this

Fifteenth Day of August, 1786 . Nineteenth Day of Augu/l, 1786.

Rich*. Symons, Clerk to the Af- I I Edzod. B. Wyke, Clerk to the fembly. J k Council.

Thos.

236

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

Thom’. Harcum, Speaker pro tempore.

Duly published in the Town of Plymouth, this Sixteenth Day of October, 1786.

John Harlow, D. P. Marshal.

Passed by the Governor in Chief the Nineteenth Day of September, ‘ 1786.

Recorded this Seventeeth Day of October, 1786.

pdwd. B. Wyke, D. Se£ly.

Anno 1786. 0° 236.

Expired, gd. on every Gallon.

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other frong Waters sold by Retail, and for applying the same to the public Use of this If and.

1787.

0° 237. An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax, the Houses

ured. j. 7, _ #"7"i _ r t>T 7 nr w j: j. 7_7.

Expired. 15J. on every Slave*

Assessment in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, and each and every public Billiard Table in the said If and.

An

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT;

2 37

1787.

An Act to regulate the Prices of Butchers Meat, Poultry Fish,

Eggs, and Milk.

238;

An Act to continue an Act, intitled. An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters sold by Retail, and for applying the same to the public Use of this Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses 1788. in the Town of Plymouth, and Places adjacent, and each fff and every public Billiard Table in the said Island. every sdJc.

Assessment

An Act to regidate the Assembly of this Island, tion of the Members thereof

and for the Elec-

1788.

241-

Rejected by the Captain-general*

An Act for the Relief of Robert Piper, Hugh Allen Piper, and Richard Blake, Insolvent Debtors.

3 O’ MONTSERRAT.

1788. fA 242.

23s

The LAWS of MONTSERRAT.

A GREE ABLE to the Direction of a Committee of the Legifattire, appointed for the Purpose of employingfome proper PerJ'on to traiscribe such of the Alls of this Island, as should appear to them proper to be printed^ I have canfed the foregoing Copies thereof to be taken, which I do hereby crtly to be true Tran-scripts of the public Record, having carefidly examined the same.

Dated the Twenty-eighth Day of July, 1788.

Edwdo B0 Wyke5 Depy, Secretary,

FINIS.

TO THE

LAWS

O F

MONTSERRAT,

From 1741, to 1788.

No.

124-

125

126 *27

128

129

130

*3*

132

133

134 *35

AN Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth.

An Act for the more speedy recovering certain Debts, becoming due to Persons trading to this Island of Montserrat.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

An Act for appointing Samuel Martin Junior, Esquire, Agent for this Island, and for providing a Itccompence for his Trouble.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

An Act to prohibit, during the Continuation of this present War with France, the Exportation of all Sorts of Corn, Grain, Rice, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Tallow, Beef, Pork, Herrings, Salt-fish, Lumber, and Train Oil.

An Act for seizing and purchasing any Lands, to erect public Buildings upon for the Defence of this Island, and also for making any Inland Trenches, Brealt-works, or other Military Works upon any Land whatsoever.

An Act for the more effectual Fortifying this Island.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Whites and Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and t7> tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

An Act to prevent the carrying off any Person or Persons from this Island without a lawful Ticket.

3P

An

Page When passed.

129 1741

ib.

13° 1742

ib.

ib. *743

ib. *74 4

ib.

ib. *745

ib.

ib. *747

ib. 1748

240 INDEX to the LAWS of Montjcrrat.

No.

136

*37

*38

139

140

*41

142

143 *44

*45

146

*49

150

*5*

152

*53

*54

*55

156

*57

*58

*59

160

161

162 *63

164

165

166 *67

168

169

*7°

*7*

172

*73 *74 f

An Act to regulate the Assembly of this Island* and the Election of the Members thereof.

An Act for the more speedy recovering certain Debts becoming due to Persons trading to this Island of jS/lontJerrat.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent

An Act for appointing Memy WilmotT Esquire* Agent for this Island* and for providing a Recompence for his Trouble.

An Act to prevent the Abuses in carrying on the Inland Tirade of this I Hand.

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

An Act for the Relief of indigent Debtors,

An Act for the Performance ol specihc Agreements,

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent.

An Act, intitled* an Act to repeal an Act, intitled an Act for settling the Militia of this Tfland, and also for the better Regulation of the Militia,

An Act to raise a Levy or Poll Tax upon the Slaves, and to tax the Houses- in the Town of Plymouth and Parts adjacent f as also to lay a Tax on the several Billiard Tables in the Public Houses and to tax the Wind-mills- Cattle-mills, and Water-mills in said I Hand.

An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries.

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency George Thomas, Esquire, Chiet Governor of these I Hands, during his Government* and for continuing the Duties on Liquors and Licences.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to appoint Henry IHihnot, Esquire, Agent for this Island, and to provide a Salary for his executing the said Office.

An Act for the public registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills that shall be made of, or that may affect any Lands, Tenements* Hereditaments, or Slaves within the Island of Montjcrrat.

An Act for opening a Street from the Sea-fide up to the main Street, between the Lands of 'Jatncs Schati, Esquire, James Farrell, Esquire, Mary TFation, Widow, lid-ward Dantell, Esquire, and Mary Thompson, "Widow.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables,

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for the better Fortifying this Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto* and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for conllitnting a Court Merchant*.

An Act to lay a Poll T ax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to impoie a Duty on Molasses, Syrups* and Rum, imported into this Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for the better Government of Free Negroes*, and for discouvaging and prohibiting of Traffick with them, and with all Slaves.

An Act for raising a Number of able bodied Slaves, to serve as Pioneers against: the Island Alarthdcoy or such other illauds in these Seas* as shall be attacked by his Majesty's Forces.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses iij the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to naturalize John Hcyliger, and his son Abraham Heyligcr.

An Act to naturalize William Heyliger, the Son of Abraham, Elizabeth Renee Heyltgcr, Wife'of said William, Adriana Heyliger 9 and Mary Louija Heyliger, Children of the said William and Elizabeth Pence.

An Act to naturalize Daniel Haley, and his Daughter Mary Louisa Haley, and A rend BcUtz.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Ply-ma-th and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for the Relief of John Sywes, an insolvent Debtor.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An

Page

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

I35

ib.

ib.

137 ib.

J47

ib.

152 ib. ib.

153

163

164

165

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

166 ib.

ib.

ib. t 67

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

168

ib.

ib.

ib.

ib.

169

When

passed.

1748

*749

1750

*753

*754

*754

*759

*755

1756

*757

1758

*759

1760

1761

1762

1763

1764

1765

1766

INDEX to the LAWS of Montserrat.

241

No.

*75

t7b

*77

*7P

*79

18c

181

*82

*s3

184

187

188

189

190 jl9I

I92

'*93

194-

*95

196

J97

198 19)

2cc

201

202

203

204

205

206

An Act for constituting a Court Merchant.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for attaching Monies, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, in the Island of Mont-Jerraty belonging to Persons therefrom.

An Act for cleansing and repairing the Port Gutty and for securing the Town of Plymouth from any future Inundations.

An ;Act for holding a Court of Oyer and Terminer and general Gaol Delivery, and for appointing certain Commissioners for the Trial of all Negroes and Mulattoes, as well Free as Slaves, who have been or shall be concerned in a certain Conspiracy lately imagined and intended to be executed in the Island of Montserrat,

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency PP’illtam JPoodley, Esqifre, Chief Governor of these Islands, during his Government, and for continuing the Duties on Liquors and Licences.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to pay ‘Terry Lcgayt Esquire, for the Purchase of his House sold to the Public of this Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for constituting a Court of Chancery to be held in, and for this Island*

An Act for reviving of Actions and Process lately depending in the Court of King’s-bench and Common-pleas for this Island in the Month of August last, and difeominued by the* not holding of the said Court on the Seventeenth Day of the fame Month, and for supplying other Dclefts relating to Proceedings at Law.

An Act for the Relief of John Roache, and George Washingtony insolvent Debtors, in the common Gaol of this Island.

An Act tolaya PollTax upon Slaves, and to lax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency Sir Ralph Pay tie > Knight of the Bath, Chief Governor of these Islands, during his Government.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters sold by Retail, and applying the same.

An Act to.lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice in this Island.

An Act for effectually repairing and amending the Highways in this Island, and cleansing the Streets of the Town of Plymouth, and to repeal the several Acts now in Force in this Island for repairing and amending the Highways, and for the Appointment of Surveyors thereof, and for the Town of Plymouth.

An Act supplementary to an Act, intitled, an Act for raising a fuflReient Sum of Money to pay Terry Legay, Esquire, for the Purchase of his House sold to the Public of this Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to regulate the Assize and Price of Bread, the Price of Butcher’s Meat, Poultry and Fish, and to prevent Abuses in the Fishery about this Island.

An Act for constituting a Court Merchant.

An Act to lay 3 Poll Tax upon Slaves, to tax the Sugar, Rum, and Cotton already made, produced, shipped, and paid away, and to be made, produced, shipped, and paid away from the Crop of the present Year 1775, the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strongWaters sold by Retail, and for applying the same to the public Uses of this Island.

An Act to lav a Poll Tax upon Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, and all public Billiard Tables.

An Act to lay an additional Poll Tax upon all Slaves in this Island, for the Purpose of railing a Fund for the Purchase of Provisions for the Use of the Poor and others, the Inhabitants thereof.

An Act to alter, amend, and explain an Act, intitled, an Act to repeal an Act, intitled, an Act for settling the Militia of this Island, and also for the better Regulation of the Militia.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent, all public Billiard Tables, and to impose a Tax on Wooden and other Kitchens, and Ovens without Stone or Brick Chimnies in the said Town.

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency fVtlliam Matthew Hurt, Chief Governor of these Islands, during his Government.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, intitled, an Act to repeal an Act, intitled a Powder Act, and for appointing an Impost of Powder on each Town of Goods of the

Page passed.

169 1766

ib. 1767

ib.

170 *767

173 1768

ib.

ib.

ib. 1769

*74-

178 1770

ib.

182.

ib- *77*

184 1772

ib.

ib.

ib. *773

*85

188

ib.

190 *774

ib.

ib. *775

191

ib-

ib. 1776

ib.

19a *777

209

210

242

INDEX to the LAWS of Montserrat.

No.

a©7

208

2©9

aio

21 1 212 217

214

215

216

217

228

219

220-

221

222

223

224 22 5

226

227

228

the Growth of this Island, that all Ships, Sloops, &c. trading to this Island shall take on Board.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon Slaves, to tax aTJ public Billiard Tables, Wind-mills-, Water-mills, and Horse-mills, the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent, and to impofea Tax on Wooden and other Kitchens, and Ovens without Stone or Brick Chimnies in the said Town.

An Act for proportioning the Work on the Trenches, and the Reparation of the Forts and Fortifications of this Island, for obliging the Proprietors of Slaves and Mules, to fend certain Proportions thereof for the public Service in Case of Emergency, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act to prevent the purchasing of Cotton from Slaves, and also stolen Cotton from any Person or Persons whatsoever; also laying a Penalty on Persons who shall fufrer their Slaves to plant and gather Cotton, or who shall puichafe Cotton from Slaves.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax of 13J. 6</. upon Slaves, to lay aTax of 7l. upon all Windmills and Water-mills, and 5l. upon Horse-mills, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent, in the Sum of 150l.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax of 21 s. upon Slaves, to lay a Tax of 7l. upon all Wind-mills and Water-mills, and 5l. upon Horse-mills, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent, in the Sum of 150l. and 50l. upon each and every public Billiard Table in the said Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax of 12s. upon all Slaves, to lay a Tax of 7l. upon all Windmills and Watermills, and 5l. upon Horse-mills, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent thereto, in the Sum of 150/- and 50l. upon each and every public Billiard Table in the said Island.

An Act for the Relief of Joseph PJixonTati insolvent Debtor,

An Act to lay a Duty or Tax on all Sugar, Rum, 'and Cotton, already flvpped, and now in the Road of Plymouth, or in any of the out Bays of this Island, for thi> piefent Year, for the Purpose of railing the Sum of 4781l. 14s, 10d. to be applied towards the Discharge of the Duty or Import of Eighteen Hundred Johannes's laid upon this Island at the Capitulation thereof, by his moll Christian Majesty.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax of 24*. upon Slaves, to lay a Poll Tax of 7l. upon all Windmills and Water-mills, and 5l. on Horse-mills, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent, in the Sum of 150l. and 50/* on each and every public Billiard Table in the said Island-

An Act to regulate the Prices of Butcher's Meat, Poultry, and Fish.

An Act for reviving and making valid all Suits and Process depending in the Courts of Chancery, Error, and King’s-bench, and Common-pleas of the said Island, at the Time of the Capture thereof by the Arms of his present Majesty, and for suipplying all Defects that may have arisen to the said Suits and Process by Reason thereof, and restoring the same to the Hight and Condition in which they were at the Time of such Capture.

An Act to continue an Act, inti tied, an Act to lay a Duty or Tax on all Sugar, Rum, and Cotton, already shipped, and now in the Road of Plymouth, or in any of the Roads or out Bays of this Island, for this present Year, for the Purpose of railing the Sinn of 4781l. 14s. 10d~ to be applied towards the Discharge of the Duty or Import of Eighteen Hundred Johannes s laid upon this island, at the Capitulation thereof, by his most Christian Majesty.

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters, sold by Retail, and for applying the same as the Council and Assembly shall direct.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax of Seven Shillings on each and every Slave, and a Tax of Fifty Pounds on each and every public Billiard Table within the said Island.

An Act to amend and explain an Act, intitled, An Act to lay a Poll Tax of Seven Shillings on each and every Slave, and a Tax of Fifty Pounds on each and every public Billiard Table within the said Island.

An Act to amend and explain an Act, intitled. An Act for constituting a Court of Chancery, to be held in and for the said Island.

An Act to alter, amend, and explain certain Parts of an Act, intitled. An Act for the establishing a Court of King’s-bench, and Cominon-pleas, and a Court of Errors, and for the more speedy Execution of Justice, and for collecting certain Fines and Penalties on the Officers taking other Fees than allowed in a Docket settled by his Excellency, by the Advice of the Council.

An Act for providing an honourable Support for his Excellency Thomas Shir-ley> Esquire. Chief Governor of the Leeward Charibbee {Hands, during his Government.

An Act for reviving and making valid all Suits and Process depending in th.e Courts of Chancery, Error, and King’s-bench, and Common-pleas of the said Island, at the Time of the Restitution thereof by the French Ki ng, to his present Majesty, and for supplying all Defects that may have arisen to the said Suits and rrocefs by Keafon of the Capture and Restitution thereof, and restoring the same to the Plight and Condition in which they were at the Time of such Restitution.

An Act for confirming and estabUOiing several Acts passed by the Legislature of this Island, during the Government thereof under the^French King.

An Act for ascertaining the Freights of Sugar, Rum, and other Produce, or an) Goods and Merchandizes, which shall be carried and transported from one Part of the said Island to another, in or by Sloops, Shallops, Boats, Canoes, and other Vessels.

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters fol

b\

Pa$Jc When passed.

210 1778

212

ib.

21-3 1779

2l6

ib. 1780

ib. ib. 1781

217 1782

ib. ib. *4 CO D

218

219

ib- 1783

220

ib.

ib.

222

223 *4 CO

ib.

227

228

INDEX to the LAWS of Montserrat.

243

329

231

232

233

234 23 s

236

237

238

239

240

241

242

INDEX to the LAWS of Montserrat. 243

No. Page. When passed.

by Retail, and for prohibiting the Sale thereof without a Licence, and for applying the Monies therefrom as the Council and Altembly shall direct.

An Act to lay a Poll Xax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Xown of Plymouth and Places adjacent, and each and every public Billiard Xable in the said Island.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, intitled, an Act to render more effectual an Act, intitled, an Act to repeal an Act, intitled, a Powder Act, and for appointing an Import: of Powder on eachXon of Goods of the Growth of this Island, that all Ships, Sloops, &c. trading to this Island shall take on Board.

An Act to lay a Poll Xax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Xown of Plymouth and Places adjacent, and each and every public Billiard Xable in the said Island.

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Walers sold by Retail, and for prohibiting the Sale thereof without a Licence, and for applying the Monies arising therefrom towards the Payment of the Demands again!! the Public.

An Act for the Relief of Nathaniel Dowdy, an insolvent Debtor, confined in the common Gaol of this Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Xax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Xown of Plymouth and Places adjacent, and each and every public Billiard Xable in the said Island.

An Act to explain and amend four several Acts passed in the Years One Thousand Six Hundred and Ninety-six, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Xwo, One Thousand Seven Hundred and Thirty-eight,- and One Thousand Seven Hundred and Forty, for repairing and amending the Highways, and cleansing the Streets in the Xown of Plymouth, and for other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned.

An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters sold by Retail, and for applying the same to the public Use of this Island.

An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Xown of Plymouth and Places adjacent, and each and every public Billiard Xable in the said Island.

An Act to regulate the Price of Butchers Meat, Poultry, Fish, Eggs, and Milk.

---

239. An Act to continue an Act, intitled, An Act for laying a Duty on Rum, Cordial Waters, and other strong Waters sold by Retail, and for applying the same to the public Use of this Island. ib.

240. An Act to lay a Poll Tax upon all Slaves, and to tax the Houses in the Town of Plymouth and Places adjacent, and each and every public Billiard Table in the said Island. ib. 1788.

241. An Act to regulate the Assembly of this Island, and for the Election of the Members thereof. ib.

242. An Act for the Relief of Robert Piper, Hugh Allen Piper, and Richard Blake, insolvent Debtors. ib.

