Local Acts passed in 1894, 57 & 58 Victoria c.1-216.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 31.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland, in pursuance of the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act, 1892, to increase the number of Magistrates in the Royal Burgh of North Berwick. (North Berwick Provisional Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Town of Belturbet. (Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

3. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Waterford. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

4. An act to amend the Alloa Water Act, 1891. (Alloa Water (Amendment).)

5. An act to confer further powers upon the Cockermouth, Keswick, and Penrith Railway Company, and for other purposes. (Cockermouth, Keswick, and Penrith Railway.)

6. An act to extend the provisions of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company (Steamboats) Act 1864. (London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway (Steam Vessels).)

7. An act to amend the City of London Police Superannuation Act 1889. (City of London Police Superannuation.)

8. An act to authorise the English Scottish and Australian Bank Limited to pay interest to the creditors of the English Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank upon their respective Debts for which Securities of the first-mentioned Bank are substituted in respect of the period between the suspension of the said Bank and the confirmation of the Plan of Arrangement of its affairs and for other purposes. (English Scottish and Australian Bank Limited.)

9. An act for enabling the Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company Limited to subdivide their Capital into Preference and Ordinary Capital and for other purposes. (Queensland Investment and Land Mortgage Company's.)

10. An act to amend the Royal Medical Benevolent College Act 1855. (Royal Medical Benevolent College.)

11. An act for the abandonment of the Worcester and Broom Railway. (Worcester and Broom Railway (Abandonment).)

12. An act to confer further powers on the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company and the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire and Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Companies.)

13. An act for the abandonment of the Undertaking of the Hull and North Western Junction Railway Company. (Hull and North Western Junction Railway (Abandonment).)

14. An act to repeal the Acts relating to the London Life Association from the date of its registration as a Limited Company and to make provisions for the future government of the Association and the management of its affairs and for other purposes. (London Life Association.)

15. An act for granting further powers to the British American Land Company. (British American Land Company's.)

16. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Bangor, Dartmouth, Littlehampton, and Seaford. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

17. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Portsmouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

18. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Lisburn. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

19. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Liversedge and Mirfield and the Stroud Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

20. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Accrington, Ashton-under-Lyne, Berwick-upon-Tweed, Bolton, Hexham, Knaresborough and Tentergate, Llandilo, Merthyr Tydfil, Penrith, Southport, Wallasey, Widnes, and Workington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

21. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bristol, Dover, Henley-upon-Thames, Idle, Nottingham, Padiham and Hap ton, Tunbridge Wells, and Wells (Somerset). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

22. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Baildon, Burnley, Burton-upon-Trent, Leicester, Margate, Norwich, and Wigan, and the Port of Cardiff. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

23. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bristol, Heckmondwike, Southampton, Sowerby Bridge, and Stockport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

24. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Strabane. (Local Government Board Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 8).)

25. An act for creating a Preference Stock of the Australasian Mortgage and Agency Company Limited and for other purposes relating thereto. (Australasian Mortgage and Agency Company, Limited.)

26. An act for the transfer of the undertaking of the Barrow Navigation Company to the Grand Canal Company to confer further powers on the Grand Canal Company and for other purposes. (Grand Canal.)

27. An act to extend the limits of the Act for appointing a Stipendiary Justice of the Peace for the parish of Merthyr Tydfil and adjoining places and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice.)

28. An act to extend the period for the completion of the railway authorised by the Bray and Enniskerry Light Railway Act 1886 to confer additional powers on the Company with reference to their capital and undertaking and for other purposes. (Bray and Enniskerry Railway.)

29. An act for enabling an agreement between the Corporation of Doncaster and Alexander Henry Browne respecting part of the Town Field in Doncaster to be carried into effect. (Doncaster Corporation.)

30. An act for extending the time limited for the construction by the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company of certain of their authorised works and for conferring further powers upon the Company and amending the Acts relating to them. (Hull, Barnsley, and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock.)

31. An act for conferring on the Millom Local Board further powers in relation to the supply of Gas and Water and for other purposes. (Millom Local Board.)

32. An act to renew the powers of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to borrow money to amend the Acts relating to Uiat Company and for other purposes. (Rochdale Canal.)

33. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Paignton Gas Company. (Paignton Gas.)

34. An act to confer further Powers on the Great North of Scotland Railway Company. (Great North of Scotland Railway.)

35. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Tullamore. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

36. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Roscrea. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

37. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, and the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

38. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Larne. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

39. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Clones. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

40. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Coleraine. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 12).)

41. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under the Public Health (Scotland) Act, 1867, relating to Wemyss, and Buckhaven Methil and Innerleven Water. (Wemyss, and Buckhaven Methil and Innerleven Water Supply Confirmation.)

42. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act, 1886, relating to lands in the Parishes of St. Pancras, and St. Giles, Camberwell. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

43. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of certain Commons in the Borough of Luton in the County of Bedford. (Commons Regulation (Luton) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

44. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, and the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Wokingham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

45. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Sheffield, Sunderland, and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

46. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bredbury and Romiley, Leyton, Swadlincote, and Wilmslow, and the Rural Sanitary District of the Wharfedale Union. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No.5).)

47. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Gosport and Alverstoke, Harrow, Ilfracombe, Norwich, Ramsgate, and Redruth. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

48. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, relating to the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges of the Easingwold Railway Company, the Crieff and Comrie Railway Company, the East and West Yorkshire Railway Company, the Harrow and Stanmore Railway Company, the Shortlands and Nunhead Railway Company, the South Clare Railways Company (Limited) and the Stocksbridge Railway Company. (Railway Rates and Charges (Easingwold Railway, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

49. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Barrow-in-Furness, Buxton, Chepping Wycombe, Chesterfield, St. Helen’s, and West Hartlepool. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

50. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Grimsby, Harrow, Ley ton, Monmouth, Peterborough, and St. Austell. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

51. An act to confirm an Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under the Sea Fisheries Act, 1868, relating to a several Mussel Fishery at Cockenzie, County of Haddington. (Mussel Fishery (Cockenzie) Order Confirmation.)

52. An act to confirm an agreement entered into between the Great Southern and Western Railway Company and the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland for the improvement and use of the Railway Station at Thurles. (Thurles Railway Station.)

53. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised works for enlarging and improving the port and harbour of Neath. (Neath Harbour.)

54. An act to provide for the amalgamation of the Carshalton Gas Company with the Croydon Commercial Gas and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Croydon Gas.)

55. An act to confer further powers on the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners in relation to their Gas Undertaking and for the construction of additional Gasworks and for other purposes. (Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas (Additional Powers).)

56. An act to enable the Corporation of Edinburgh to create and issue Corporation Stock to authorise the redemption of the City Creditors Annuities and of certain annual payments by the Commissioners for the Harbour and Docks of Leith and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation Stock.)

57. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Central London Railway and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

58. An act to empower the Local Board of Fulwood to improve their existing water supply and to confer further powers on the Local Board. (Fulwood Local Board (Water).)

59. An act to authorise the Local Board for the district of Aberdare to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Aberdare Local Board Waterworks.)

60. An act to amend the Law relating to the jurisdiction of the Chancellor Vice-Chancellor and other authorities of the University of Cambridge over persons not Members of the University and to make better provision for the use of commons the management of markets and fairs and in other respects for the local government and improvement of the borough of Cambridge and for other purposes. (Cambridge University and Corporation.)

61. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Southend Waterworks Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking. (Southend Waterworks.)

62. An act for conferring further powers on the Torquay Gas Company. (Torquay Gas.)

63. An act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to purchase land in connection with their waterworks undertaking and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation.)

64. An act to enable the Local Board for the District of Bridlington to hold and acquire certain lands and hereditaments at Bridlington Quay now held in trust for them and to confer upon the said Local Board further powers for the good government of their District and for other purposes. (Bridlington Local Board.)

65. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bacup in the County of Lancaster to purchase and acquire the Undertaking of the Rossendale Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Bacup Corporation Water.)

66. An act to confer further powers upon the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

67. An act to authorise the Surrey Commercial Dock Company to alter and extend their Works to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Surrey Commercial Dock.)

68. An act to authorise the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Falkirk to erect construct and maintain Gasworks and supply with Gas the Burgh of Falkirk and districts and places adjacent to empower the Magistrates and Town Council to purchase and the Falkirk Joint Stock Gas Company Limited to sell to the Magistrates and Town Council the Gasworks and property of that Company and for other purposes. (Falkirk Corporation Gas.)

69. An act to authorise the transfer of part of the Undertaking of the Brynmawr and Abertillery Gas and Water Company to the Abertillery Local Board to regulate the Capital and Powers of the Company and for other purposes. (Abertillery Local Board (Gas and Water).)

70. An act to extend the limits of supply of the South Hants Waterworks Company and to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes. (South Hants Water.)

71. An act to empower the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company to abandon the construction of a portion of certain Works authorised by the Newcastle and Gateshead Waterworks Act 1889, and to construct a New Reservoir and Works in lieu thereof and for other purposes. (Newcastle and Gateshead Water.)

72. An act for transferring the Mersey Railway Company with respect to the classification of merchandise traffic and the schedule of maximum rates and charges from the Order applicable to the Taff Vale Railway Company to the Order applicable to the East London Railway Company. (Mersey Railway (Rates and Charges).)

73. An act to further extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of the tramways authorised by the Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways Act 1891. (Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways.)

74. An act to provide for the constitution of the City and Royal Burgh of Dundee as a County of a City and to confer various powers on the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council for affording greater facilities for transacting the public business of the said City and Burgh and for other purposes. (Dundee Corporation.)

75. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own undertaking and to vest in that Company the undertaking of the Hunslet Railway Company to empower the Stamford and Essendine Railway Company to lease their undertaking to the G<reat Northern Railway Company to vest the undertaking of the Halifax High Level Railway Company in the Great Northern Railway Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company jointly and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

76. An act to confer further powers on the Tottenham and Forest Gate Railway Company and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Forest Gate Railway.)

77. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain authorised railways of the South Yorkshire Junction Railway Company and revive the powers for the purchase of lands for such railways and for other purposes. (South Yorkshire Junction Railway.)

78. An act to authorise the transfer of the Undertaking of the Kendal Union Gas and Water Company to the Corporation of Kendal the construction of Additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Kendal Corporation Gas and Water.)

79. An act to explain section 23 of the Barry Dock and Railways Act 1888 and for other purposes. (Barry Dock and Railways Act, 1888 (Amendment).)

80. An act to confer further powers on the Cornwall Minerals Railway Company. (Cornwall Minerals Railway.)

81. An act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company and the Wigan Junction Railways Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway.)

82. An act for the abandonment of the unexecuted works of the East and West Yorkshire Union Railways Company for the reduction of the authorised share and loan capital of that Company and to empower them to raise further money and for other purposes. (East and West Yorkshire Union Railways.)

83. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Neath in the county of Glamorgan to acquire the undertaking of the Neath Water Company to construct Waterworks and supply Water and for other purposes. (Neath Corporation. Water.)

84. An act to empower the Commissioners of the City and Royal Burgh of St. Andrews to acquire the Links of St. Andrews for a Public Park and Recreation Ground and for other purposes. (St. Andrews Links.)

85. An act to authorise the transfer of the Leicestershire and Northamptonshire Union Canal and of the Grand Union Canal to the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canal and for other purposes. (Leicestershire and Northamptonshire Union and Grand Union Canals (Transfer).)

86. An act to confer further powers on the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross, Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

87. An act for authorising the Cordoba Central Railway Company Limited to prepare and carry into effect a scheme of arrangement with its debenture stockholders creditors or shareholders or any class or classes of such persons and for other purposes. (Cordoba Central Railway Company (Limited).)

88. An act to extend the time for completing and opening the Lambourn Valley Railway and for other purposes. (Lambourn Valley Railway.)

89. An act for making a Carriage Road in Tunnel under part of the town of Scarborough to connect the south shore with the north shore and for other purposes. (Scarborough (Shore to Shore) Tunnel.)

90. An act to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to raise additional capital for the City of Dublin Junction Railways and for the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway to confer further powers on the Company and for other purposes. (Dublin, Wicklow, and Wexford Railway and City of Dublin Junction Railways.)

91. An Act to empower the Corporation of Gloucester to construct additional waterworks to consolidate the parishes within the city and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Gloucester Corporation.)

92. An act for conferring further Powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other Companies and also for conferring Powers upon the Great Western Railway Company the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company and the Dundalk Newry and Greenore Railway Company in relation to such other Undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

93. An act for vesting the undertaking of the Longton Adderley Green and Bucknall Railway Company in the North Staffordshire Railway Company and for other purposes. (Longton, Adderley Green, and Bucknall Railway (Transfer).)

94. An act to authorise the making of a Bridge over the River Conway in the counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon at Talycafn and approach roads thereto and for other purposes. (Talycafn Bridge.)

95. An act for making a Tramroad in the county of Glamorgan in connexion with the undertaking of the Pontypridd Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Pontypridd Waterworks (Tramroad).)

96. An act to confer Additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands to make provision for the ranking of the existing and of future Debenture Stock and Mortgages of the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

97. An act to empower the Local Board of Swinton in Yorkshire to improve their existing Water Supply and to confer further powers on the Local Board. (Swinton Local Board.)

98. An act to confer further powers on the Hebden Bridge Gas Company. (Hebden Bridge Gas.)

99. An act for conferring further powers upon the Corporation of Wakefield in relation to their Waterworks Undertaking and for other purposes. (Wakefield Corporation Water.)

100. An act for incorporating the Budleigh Salterton Railway Company and for other purposes. (Budleigh Salterton Railway.)

101. An act to make further provision for the extension enlargement maintenance and repair of the Wallasey Embankment and for other purposes. (Wallasey Embankment.)

102. An act to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

103. An act to make provisions with respect to the constitution and management of Cheltenham College. (Cheltenham College.)

104. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway,)

105. An act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to enlarge and extend the Prince of Wales Dock at Swansea and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

106. An act to incorporate Commissioners and to transfer to and vest in them the Harbour Undertaking of the Trustees; for the District and Harbour of Maryport to alter the constitution of such Trustees and for other purposes. (Maryport Harbour.)

107. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, relating to the Town of Fermoy. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

108. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Athlone. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

109. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Housing of the Working Classes Act, 1890, and the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of the Pembroke Township. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 13).)

110. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act, 1878, relating to the Urban Sanitary District of the Township of Kingstown. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 14).)

111. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Collieston, Fraserburgh, Polperro, and Whitelinks. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

112. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Avoch, Burnmouth, Loch Efort, and Poole. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

113. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act, 1861, relating to Montrose. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Crystal Palace District, Oswestry, Plymouth, Shropshire (Shrewsbury), Wakefield, and Yeadon. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No 3).)

115. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Aberdare, Birmingham, Chelmsford, and Guildford. (Electric Lighting Orders (No. 4).)

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts, 1882 and 1888, relating to Clonmel and Moss Side (Collier Marr). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Bolsover Gas, Earby and Thornton Gas, Ilford Gas, and Willenhall Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

118. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Newquay (Cornwall) Gas, North Bierley Gas, Uttoxeter Gas, and Worthing Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act, 1870, relating to Bishop’s Waltham Water, Blandford Water, East Surrey Water, Tilehurst, Pangbourne, and District Water, and West Cheshire Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bradford (Yorks) and Saint George, and the Rural Sanitary Districts of the Belper Union, the Bromsgrove Union, the Wakefield Union, and the Township of Saddleworth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Chorley, the Fulstone and Hepworth, the Leigh, and the Pontefract Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

122. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Abram, Stockport, and Wilsden. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Birmingham, Brighton, Burnley, Darwen, Lancaster, and Sheffield. (local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

124. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of the Isle of Wight, London, and West Sussex, and to the Boroughs of Margate and Tunbridge Wells. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

125. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Isle of 1'hanet and Stone Joint Hospital Districts, and to the Leigh and Atherton and the Stalybridge and Dukinfield Joint Sewerage Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

126. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Middleton and Preston. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Haslingden, Rawtenstall, and Bacup Outfall Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 19).)

128. An act to confirm a Provisioned Order of the Local Government Board, under the provisions of the Poor Law Act, 1889, and the Public Health Act, 1875, relating to the Metropolitan Asylum District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Poor Law).)

129. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Blackburn, Blackpool (two), and Stalybridge, and to the Rural Sanitary District of the Blackburn Union. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

130. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the County of Dorset. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 17).)

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary District of King’s Lynn (two), the Burnley Joint Hospital District, and the West Kent Main Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 18).)

132. An act to authorise the London Tramways Company (Limited) to extend their tramways and for other purposes. (London Tramways Company (Limited).)

133. An act to confer further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and for other purposea (South Eastern Railway.)

134. An act to constitute and incorporate a Gas and Water Board for the Borough of Accrington and the Districts of the Local Boards of Church Clayton-le-Moors Great Harwood and Rishton in the County Palatine of Lancaster to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Accrington Gas and Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Accrington District Gas and Water Board.)

135. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Huddersfield to construct a temporary Tramroad for the purposes of their Waterworks Undertaking. (Huddersfield Waterworks Tramroad.)

136. An act to confer further Powers on the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company in relation to their authorised Railways and Works to extend the time for purchasing land and completing some of those Railways and for other purposes. (Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.)

137. An act to vest the undertakings of the Waterford and Wexford Railway Company and of the Rosslare Harbour Commissioners in the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to authorise that Company to raise additional Capital to change their name and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours.)

138. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of King’s Lynn to exercise further powers for the removal of wrecks and to raise additional Moneys for the removal of the wreck of the ship “Wick Bay” and for other purposes. (King's Lynn Corporation.)

139. An act for the abandonment of certain railways authorised by the Mersey Railway Acts 1885 and 1887 and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

140. An act to provide for the transfer to the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne of the undertaking of the Byker Bridge Company and for certain payments to the North Eastern Railway Company under an agreement dated the eleventh day of April one thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight for the passage of foot passengers free of toll along the Railway Bridge over the Ouseburn Valley and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation (Byker Bridge, &c.).)

141. An act to dissolve and re-incorporate and to confer further powers upon the Port Talbot Company and to authorise them to construct an additional Dock and Railways and for other purposes. (Port Talbot Railway and Docks.)

142. An act to authorise the payment from time to time of Interim Bonus by the Star Life Assurance Society to the holders of certain Policies. (Star Life Assurance Society’s.)

143. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Tiverton and North Devon and the Oldbury Railway Companies with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (No. 1).)

144. An act for the abandonment of the Brighton Rottingdean and Newhaven Direct Railway. (Brighton, Rottingdean, and Newhaven Direct Railway (Abandonment).)

145. An act for amending the River Suck Drainage Act 1889 and for other purposes. (River Suck Drainage.)

146. An act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and on them and the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company in relation to the Glasgow Barrhead and Kilmarnock Joint Line to confirm an agreement with the Trustees of the late Robert Haldane to provide for the acquisition by the Caledonian Railway Company of the Forfar and Brechin Railway and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

147. An act to extend the time for the compulsory acquisition of Lands under the provisions of the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation Act 1889 and to make further provisions with respect to the Transfer to the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation Company of certain of the Canal Undertakings of the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company. (Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation.)

148. An act for conferring further Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

149. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised railways of the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company and for other purposes. (Easton and Church Hope Railway (Extension of Time).)

150. An act to confer further powers on the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company and for other purposes. (Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland.)

151. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to widen alter and improve North Bridge and North Bridge Street within the said City to acquire lands to make a new road and for other purposes. (Edinburgh North Bridge Improvement.)

152. An act to authorise the North British Railway Company to construct new Railways and acquire additional lands and to empower that Company and the Kirkcaldy and District Railway Company to widen a certain bridge to extend the time limited by certain Acts for the compulsory purchase of lands and the completion of works to abandon portion of an authorised Railway to confirm an Agreement between the Caledonian Railway Company the Great North of Scotland Railway Company the Aberdeen Joint Station Committee and the North British Railway Company as to the use by the latter Company of the joint passenger station at Aberdeen to confirm certain other Agreements between the Corporation of Edinburgh the Bank of Scotland the Edinburgh School Board and the North British Railway Company to make provisions for the prevention of trespass and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

153. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company and upon that Company and the London and Northwestern Railway Company for the construction of new Railways and other Works and the acquisition of additional Lands for transferring to the North Eastern Railway Company the powers of the Wear Valley Extension Railway Company and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

154. An act for empowering the Bute Docks Company to construct Seawalls or Embankments and a new Dock and other works and to raise additional capital and for amending the Bute Docks Acts and for other purposes. (Bute Docks.)

155. An act to authorise the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited to make additional Tramways and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Bristol Tramways.)

156. An act to empower the West Highland Railway Company to construct an Extension of their Railway from Banavie to Mallaig with a Pier and other Works in connection therewith and for other purposes. (West Highland Railway.)

157. An act to authorise the Aberdeen District Tramways Company to construct additional Tramways to amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Aberdeen District Tramways.)

158. An act to confer further powers on the Consett Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Consett Waterworks.)

159. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Dundee Suburban Railway and for other purposes. (Dundee Suburban Railway.)

160. An act for making improved provisions with reference to the exercise by the Corporation of the City of Liverpool of their Statutory Borrowing Powers and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation Loans.)

161. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Cardiff to construct and maintain additional Waterworks Street Road and Bridge Improvements and to make further provisions for the improvement health and good government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Cardiff Corporation.)

162. An act to authorise the East London Waterworks Company to execute further Works and to raise further Money in order to enable them to fulfil their statutory obligations relating to the supply of water or otherwise and to meet the increased demand for water within their district to give effect to an Agreement between the Company and the persons entitled to or claiming Lammas or Common Rights over certain Lands acquired by the Company in the Parish of Low Leyton otherwise Saint Mary Leyton in the County of Essex to confer further powers upon and make further provision with respect to the Undertaking of the Company and to amend the Acts relating to them and for other purposes. (East London Waterworks.)

163. An act to regulate the Expenditure of Money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the Raising of Money to meet such Expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

164. An act to authorise the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company to acquire Lands construct additional Works and raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Southwark and Vauxhall Water.)

165. An act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (West Middlesex Waterworks.)

166. An act to make more effectual provision for preventing the pollution of the Rivers of the West Riding of Yorkshire and their tributaries. (West Riding of Yorkshire Rivers.)

167. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct a new Railway and other works and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

168. An act to extend the Periods limited by the Clyde Navigation Act 1891 for the Compulsory Purchase of Lands and for the completion of the Railway thereby authorised to confer further powers on the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation with respect to Rates and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation.)

169. An act to confer further powers on the Manchester Ship Canal Company. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

170. An act to amend the Peterhead Harbours Act 1873 the Peterhead Harbours Amendment Act 1876 and the Peterhead Harbours Order 1881 to confer further powers upon the Trustees of the Harbours of Peterhead and for other purposes. (Peterhead Harbours.)

171. An act to empower the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Commissioners to impose a charge on Mines belonging to certain collieries as collateral security for money raised by them and to amend the Acts relating to the said Commissioners. (South Staffordshire Mines Drainage.)

172. An act for empowering the Taff Yale Railway Company to construct a new Railway and other works and acquire lands for vesting in that Company the undertaking of the Cowbridge and Aberthaw Railway Company and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

173. An act to reconstitute the Board of Directors of the West Lancashire Railway Company for raising further moneys and for other purposes. (West Lancashire Railway.)

174. An act to authorise the Glasgow District Subway Company to raise additional capital to confer on them further powers with reference to their surplus lands and properties and for the acquisition of additional lands to extend the time for the completion of their authorised undertaking and for other purposes. (Glasgow District Subway (Further Powers).)

175. An act for conferring further powers on the Preston Gas Company. (Preston Gas.)

176. An act to authorise the reconstruction of Glasgow Bridge the erection of a weir or tidal dam across the River Clyde the construction of tramways and for other purposes. (Glasgow Bridge, &c.)

177. An act to provide for the transfer to the Great Western Railway Company of a portion of the authorised undertaking of the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (No. 2).)

178. An act to amend the Nottingham Corporation Loans Act 1880 and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

179. An act to empower the Oxford and Aylesbury Tramroad Company to deviate part of the tramroad authorised by the Oxford and Aylesbury Tramroad Act 1888 as amended by the Oxford and Aylesbury Tramroad Act 1892 to revive the powers and extend the time for the Purchase of Lands for and for the completion of the remainder of the said Tramroad authorised by the said Acts and for other purposes. (Oxford and Aylesbury Tramroad.)

180. An act to authorise the Construction of a Bridge over the River Dee at Queen's Ferry in the County of Flint and the discontinuance of the existing Ferry at that place to make provision with respect to the Maintenance and Repair of Roads now repairable by the Dee Land Company in the Counties of Flint and Chester and the City of Chester and for other purposes. (Queen's Ferry Bridge.)

181. An act to enable the Local Boards for the districts of Old Swindon and of Swindon New Town’tkjth in the county of Wilts to acquire and vest the Undertaking of the Swindon Waterworks Company Limited in a Water Board to authorise the construction of Additional Waterworks for the supply of Water and for other purposes. (Swindon Water.)

182. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bangor to construct a Pier and other works to maintain improve enlarge and extend the Garth Wharf Jetty to acquire the Garth Ferry and to improve and extend the Landing Place connected therewith situate in the parish of Llandegfan and County of Anglesey and for other purposes. (Bangor Corporation (Pier, &c.).)

183. An act to make provision as to the funds held in trust for the holders of certificates guaranteed by the Tramways Capital Guarantee Company Limited and for other purposes. (Tramways Capital Guarantee Company Limited.)

184. An act to authorise the Central Middlesex Water Company Limited to sell and transfer a portion of their Undertaking to the Colne Valley Water Company and for other purposes. (Central Middlesex Water.)

185. An act to empower the London County Council to make Street Improvements to Purchase Lands and to acquire the Garden in Lincoln’s Inn Fields to Extend the Time Limited for certain authorised Improvements and for other Purposes. (London County Council (Improvements).)

186. An act to authorise the North Cornwall Railway Company to deviate certain parts of their Railway and to construct new Railways and for other purposes. (North Cornwall Railway.)

187. An act to amend the constitution of and consolidate amend and extend the Statutory Powers of the Conservators of the River Thames to make further provision for the preservation and improvement of the said River for purposes of Navigation for Profit and Pleasure and as a Source of Water Supply for the Metropolis and the Suburbs thereof and for other purposes. (Thames Conservancy.)

188. An act to revive the Powers and Extend the Time for the Compulsory Purchase of Land and Completion of Works authorised by the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Act 1883 the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway (South Hams Extension) Act 1883 and the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Act 1891 and for other purposes. (Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway.)

189. An act for vesting in the Great Western and Midland Railway Companies the undertaking of the Severn and Wye and Severn Bridge Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western and Midland Railway Companies (Severn and Wye and Severn Bridge Railway).)

190. An act to revive the Powers and further extend the Time for the compulsory purchase of Lands and to extend the Time limited for the completion of the Exeter Teign Valley and Chagford Railway. (Exeter, Teign Valley, and Chagford Railway (Extension of Time).)

191. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Barrow-in-Furness Corporation Tramways, Liverpool and Walton-on the-Hill Tramways, and Liverpool Corporation Tramways (Extensions). (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

192. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act, 1870, relating to Croydon Corporation Tramways, Croydon Tramways (Extensions), and South Staffordshire Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

193. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Urban Sanitary Districts of Bolton and St. Helens, and to the Wisbech and Walsoken Main Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

194. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Order Confirmation (London).)

195. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act, 1870, to enable the School Boards for Barry United District, Brotherton, Hornsey, Low Leyton, Liverpool, Sutton (Surrey), West Ham, Willesden, and York to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Barry, &c.).)

196. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the Canals of the Great Northern and certain other Railway Companies. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 1 (Canals of the Great Northern and certain other Railway Companies) Order Confirmation.)

197. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates, Tolls, and Charges applicable thereto, for the Bridgewater Canals Undertaking of the Manchester Ship Canal Company, and for certain other Canals. (Canal Rates, Tolls, and Charges, No. 2 (Bridgewater, &c. Canals) Order Confirmation.)

198. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the Aberdare Canal Navigation, and certain other Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 3 (Aberdare, &c. Canals) Order Confirmation.)

199. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the Regent’s Canal. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 5 (Regent's Canal) Order Confirmation.)

200. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the River Ancholme Navigation, and certain other Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 7. (River Ancholme, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

201. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto for the River Cam Navigation, and certain other Canals, (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 8 (River Cam, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

202. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the Canals of the Caledonian Railway Company and of the North British Railway Company. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 9 (Canals of the Caledonian and North British Railway Companies) Order.)

203. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Rates, Tolls, and Charges applicable thereto, for the Grand Canal. (Canal Rates, Tolls, and Charges, No. 11 (Grand Canal) Order Confirmation.)

204. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the Birmingham Canal Navigations. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 4 (Birmingham Canal) Order Confirmation.)

205. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the River Lee Navigation, and certain other Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 6 (River Lee, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

206. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act, 1888, containing the Classification of Merchandise Traffic, and the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable thereto, for the Lagan Canal, and certain other Canals. (Canal Tolls and Charges, No. 10 (Lagan, &c. Canals) Order Confirmation.)

207. An act for confirming the making by the Furness Railway Company of an outfall sewer and for conferring further powers on the Company for the acquisition of Lands the raising of Capital and otherwise in relation to their Undertaking and for reducing the light duties levied by the Commission era and Trustees of the Port of Lancaster and making further provision for the division between those Commissioners and Trustees and the Company of a portion of the light duties and for other purposes. (Furness Railway.)

208. An act for confirming an agreement for the acquisition by the Harrow District Gas Company of the undertaking of the Great Stanmore Gas Company Limited to extend the limits of supply of the first-mentioned Company to authorise them to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon them and to alter their name and for other purposes. (Harrow and Stanmore Gas.)

209. An act to confer further Powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester in the County of Lancaster with respect to Street Improvements and other Works and the Acquisition of Lands and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

210. An act to confer further Powers on the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas.)

211. An act for making a Railway from Birmingham to Stratford-upon-Avon and for other purposes. (Birmingham, North Warwickshire, and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

212. An act to make further provisions with respect to the use of Fire Hydrants Byelaws as to conveyance of Explosives over the Ferries of the London County Council enforcement of Ferry Byelaws the protection of Sewers and contribution towards Paddington Recreation Ground. (London County Council (General Powers).)

213. An act to consolidate and amend the Enactments relating to Streets and Buildings in London. (London Building.)

214. For making Railways in the County and County of the City of Dublin and for other purposes. (Drumcondra and North Dublin Link Railway.)

215. An act for making a Railway between Ealing and South Harrow in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes. (Ealing and South Harrow Railway.)

216. An act for making a Railway from London to Walthamstow and Epping Forest and for other purposes. (London, Walthamstow, and Epping Forest Railway.)

