Local Acts passed in 1895, 59 Victoria session 2 c.1 - c.15.
From The Law Reports, Public General Statutes, vol. 32, 1895.
---

1. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Barnstaple Gas Bognor Gas Felixstowe Gas and Kildwick Parish Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

2. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Llanberis Gas and Water Newark Gas and Rothwell Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

3. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

4. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Banff Bognor Dunoon Swanage and Whitehills. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2.).)

5. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford-on-Avon Higham Ferrers Pocklington Pontypridd Saint George South Stoneham Tavistock and Upton upon Severn. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

6. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford (Yorks) Bristol Leigh and Llandyssul. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

7. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Liverpool. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

8. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Buckingham Cambridge Essex Oxford Salop Southampton Stafford Surrey Warwick West Suffolk and the North and West Ridings of Yorkshire. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

9. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dover Fenton Greetland Hoddesdon Lancaster Leeds Leigh Swansea and West Ham (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

10. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bournemouth Chichester Dover and Southampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

11. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Buckingham Cambridge Hertford and West Suffolk. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 17).)

12. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Eastbourne and Nelson. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 18).)

13. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the City of Wakefield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 19).)

14. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Keighley. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 20).)

15. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

