Local Acts passed in 1895, 58 & 59 Victoria session 1 c.1 - c.158.
From The Law Reports, Public General Statutes, vol. 32, 1895.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Town of Newry. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

2. An act for enabling the Agricultural Company of Mauritius Limited to sub-divide their Capital into Preference and Ordinary Capital and for other purposes. (Agricultural Company of Mauritius.)

3. An act for creating a Preference Stock of the Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited and for other purposes relating thereto. (Credit Foncier of Mauritius Limited.)

4. An act to provide for the conversion of the Ordinary Shares of William Hancock and Company Limited into Preferred and Deferred Ordinary Shares and for other purposes. (William Hancock and Company Limited (Conversion of Shares).)

5. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by One of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for modifying the London (Boundary Street Bethnal Green) Improvement Scheme 1890. (London (Boundary Street Bethnal Green) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

6. An act for the Abandonment of the Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway. (Metropolitan Outer Circle Railway (Abandonment).)

7. An act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Newmarket Gas Company. (Newmarket Gas Company's.)

8. An act for the granting of further powers to the Bristol Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Bristol Waterworks.)

9. An act for empowering the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to raise further money and for other purposes. (Brecon and Merthyr Railway.)

10. An act to extend the objects of the Legal and General Life Assurance Society and for other purposes. (Legal and General Life Assurance Society's.)

11. An act to alter the Capital of the New Russia Company Limited and for other purposes. (New Russia Company.)

12. An act to provide for the better administration of the Merchant Company Hospitals and Schools in the City of Edinburgh to constitute a General Board to create a Common Fund a Superannuation Fund and a Reserve Fund to confer further powers of administration and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Merchant Company Endowments.)

13. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the Felixstowe and Walton Waterworks Company. (Felixstowe and Walton Waterworks.)

14. An act to amend the Saint Leonard and Saint Mary Magdalen Church Districts Act 1868. (Saint Leonard and Saint Mary Magdalen Church Districts Amendment.)

15. An act to make further provision with respect to the Capital of the Crystal Palace Company. (Crystal Palace Company's.)

16. An act to authorise the Governors of George Heriot’s Trust to construct New Streets and Works in the City of Edinburgh and Burgh of Leith to alter certain Feuing Plans and for other purposes. (George Heriot's Trust.)

17. An act to confer further powers upon the Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway Company and for other purposes. (Wrexham and Ellesmere Railway.)

18. An act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to expend further Capital at their Staffordshire Potteries Station. (British Gas Light Company Limited (Staffordshire Potteries).)

19. An act to further extend the Time for the purchase of Lands for the purposes of the City and South London Railway Act 1890 and for the completion of the Underground Railway thereby authorised and to empower the Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

20. An act to confer further powers on the East Indian Railway Company of entering into contracts for the construction and working of extension or branch lines and for other purposes. (East Indian Railway Company's.)

21. An act to confer further powers on the North Staffordshire Railway Company. (North Staffordshire Railway.)

22. An act for creating a preference Stock of the American Mortgage Company of Scotland Limited and for other purposes relating thereto. (American Mortgage Company of Scotland (Limited).)

23. An act for conferring further Powers upon the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to provide for the transfer from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to and the vesting in that Company of the Clara and Banagher Railway and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

24. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Dunmanway. (Local Government Board Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

25. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

26. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for extending the periods limited for the completion of certain works and the compulsory purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

27. An act to provide an additional supply of Water to the City of Edinburgh Town and Port of Leith and Town of Portobello and districts and places adjacent to confer further powers on the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees and for other purposes. (Edinburgh and District Waterworks (Additional Supply).)

28. An act for empowering the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to provide and use steam and other vessels and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours (Steam Vessels).)

29. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the North Middlesex Gas Company. (North Middlesex Gas Company’s.)

30. An act to provide for the winding up and dissolution of the Widows’ Fund Society of the Ayr Faculty of Solicitors and for other purposes. (Ayr Faculty of Solicitors Widows’ Fund Society.)

31. An act for Incorporating and Conferring Powers on the Hayward’s Heath Gas Company. (Hayward's Heath Gas.)

32. An act to confer farther powers upon the London Street Tramways Company and for other purposes. (London Street Tramways.)

33. An act to define the Capital of the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers of Aire and Calder in the West Riding of the County of York to make provision for the optional conversion into personalty of the shares and interests of Proprietors in the Navigation to confer further powers on the Undertakers for the construction of Works and other matters in relation to their Undertaking and for other purposes. (Aire and Calder Navigation.)

34. An act to constitute and incorporate a Gas Board for the Urban Districts of Hebden Bridge and Mytholmroyd in the West Riding of the County of York to transfer to and vest in such Board the Undertaking of the Hebden Bridge Gas Company and for other purposes. (Hebden Bridge and Mytholmroyd Gas Board.)

35. An act to authorise the Rhymney Railway Company to make a new Railway to raise additional Capital to revive and extend the time for purchasing Lands for and constructing certain authorised Railways to abandon other Railways to make provisions as to the Stock and Share Capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Rhymney Railway.)

36. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company and to vest in that Company the undertakings of the Wainfleet and Firsby Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

37. An act to sanction certain Works constructed by and Expenditure of the Whitby Waterworks Company to make void a certain Deed of Grant to confer further Powers on the Company and for other purposes. (Whitby Water.)

38. An act to confer further powers on the Scarborough Gas Company. (Scarborough Gas.)

39. An act for empowering the York New Waterworks Company to raise additional Capital for altering the name of the Company to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (York Waterworks.)

40. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Battle Dorchester Eton Fareham Ilfracombe Leicester Ryde Sandgate Southampton Torquay Ulverston Wallasey West Cowes and Wilton. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

41. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Batley Dronfield Hemsworth Pontefract Sunbury-on-Thames Tonbridge Twickenham Walthamstow and Warrington. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

42. An act to confer further powers on the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company. (Waterford and Limerick Railway.)

43. An act to authorise the Brymbo Water Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Brymbo Water.)

44. An act to re-arrange the Capital of the Bank of Bolton Limited and for other purposes. (Bank of Bolton Limited.)

45. An act to provide for the transfer of the Undertaking of the Ambleside District Gas and Water Company Limited to the Ambleside Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of Gas and Water and for other purposes. (Ambleside Urban District Council (Gas and Water).)

46. An act to confer further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in reference to their own Undertaking and the Undertakings of other Companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

47. An act for conferring further Powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

48. An act to confer powers on the Barry Railway Company for the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

49. An act for conferring further powers on the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the construction of works the acquisition of lands the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Vale of Glamorgan Railway.)

50. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Acton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Acton).)

51. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Bristol to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Bristol).)

52. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for Croydon to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Croydon).)

53. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Hornsey to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Hornsey).)

54. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Leeds to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Leeds).)

55. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Liverpool to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Liverpool).)

56. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Llangollen to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Llangollen).)

57. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Longbenton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Longbenton).)

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Lowestoft to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Lowestoft).)

59. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Manchester to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Manchester).)

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act. 1870 to enable the School Board for Pwllheli to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Pwllheli).)

61. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Weston-super-Mare to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Weston-super-Mare).)

62. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Act 1870 to enable the School Board for Wilmington to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Wilmington).)

63. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 and the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of the Township of Blackrock. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

64. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

65. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the Parishes of St. Pancras and Wimbledon. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Motherwell and Stirling. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

67. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Alderley Edge Leigh Llandudno Luton Badcliffe and Swindon New Town. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

68. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made bp the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Carlisle Pontypool Walthamstow Winchester and Worthing. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

69. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Minehead Moreeambe and Woody Bay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

70. An act to incorporate Harbour Commissioners for the harbour of Poole in the county of Dorset and to transfer to and vest in them the harbour undertaking of the corporation of Poole as trustees of the quays and harbour of Poole and for other purposes. (Poole Harbour.)

71. An act to enable the Municipal Commissioners of the Borough of Carrickfergus to levy Rates for sanitary purposes to divide the County of the Town of Carrickfergus into Urban and Rural Sanitary Districts to constitute the Commissioners the Sanitary Authority for those districts respectively and for other purposes. (Carrickfergus Commissioners.)

72. An act for making a Railway between Barnstaple and Lynton in the County of Devon and for other purposes. (Lynton and Barnstaple Railway.)

73. An act to repeal and re-enact with amendments the Phoenix Assurance Company’s Act 1813 to make further provisions in relation to the laws objects regulations and capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Phoenix Assurance Company's.)

74. An act to enable the Master Professors Fellows and Scholars of Downing College in the University of Cambridge to sell and to lease on long leases and otherwise improve part of their Estate situate in the Parishes of St. Botolph St. Andrew-the-Great St. Benedict and St. Mary-the-Less in the Town of Cambridge and for other purposes. (Downing College.)

75. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of Bexhill Down in the county of Sussex. (Commons Regulation (Bexhill) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

76. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the Regulation of High Road Well Moor in the Borough of Halifax. (Commons Regulation (Halifax) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

77. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the inclosure of certain lands in the parishes of Castor and Ailsworth in the county of Northampton. (Inclomre (Castor and Ailsworth) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

78. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Board of Agriculture relating to the inclosure of certain lands in the parish of Upton St. Leonards in the county of Gloucester. (Inclosure (Upton St. Leonards) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

79. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Blacksness. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

80. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Mountmelick. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

81. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Rural Sanitary District of Rathdrum. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

82. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Kells. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 8).)

83. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Londonderry. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

84. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Public Health (Ireland) Act 1878 relating to the Urban Sanitary District of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

85. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cardiff Clitheroe Luton and Portsmouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

86. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Chester Derby East Sussex Hereford Kent Northampton Salop Southampton Stafford Warwick West Sussex and Worcester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

87. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bangor Chorley Derby Hyde Kingston-upon-Hull Skipton and Southport. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

88. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bognor Llandudno Ramsgate Runcorn South Anston and Walsall. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

89. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the counties of Cambridge Durham Isle of Ely Huntingdon Lancaster Norfolk Northampton Westmorland West Suffolk and the East North and West Ridings of Yorkshire. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

90. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Kettering the Upton-upon-Severn and Pershore and the Wath and North Rotherham Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

91. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the counties of Berks Carnarvon Derby Dorset the Parts of Lindsey Merioneth Nottingham Somerset Southampton Wilts and the West Riding of Yorkshire. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

92. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Sunderland Taunton and Weymouth and Melcombe Regis. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

93. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Birmingham Limehouse District (London) and Southampton. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

94. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to Leigh. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

95. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Chichester Incorporation and the parish of Saint George in the East (London). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

96. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Saint Ives Cornwall. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

97. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Acts 1863 to 1892 relating to Carrigrohane Maglin and Ballincollig Drainage District County Cork. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

98. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 and the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 Amendment Act 1894 to increase the number of magistrates and councillors in the burgh of Paisley. (Paisley Provisional Order Confirmation.)

99. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Holyhead Water Mid Kent Water and South Hayling Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

100. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to City of Gloucester Tramways London United Tramways and Somerton Keinton-Mandeville and Castle Cary Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

101. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Hartlepools Tramways Hartlepool Electric Tramways Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation Tramways and Wigan and District Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

102. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bootle New Windsor and Eton Prescot Salisbury Southampton and Windermere and District. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

103. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Liverpool. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

104. An act to empower the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company to make a railway to Magilligan Point to purchase the Draperstown Railway from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland to raise further Capital and for other Purposes. (Belfast and Northern Counties Railway.)

105. An act to alter and extend the powers of the Trustees of the Port and Harbours of Greenock in relation to the warehousing of goods and for other purposes. (Greenock Harbour.)

106. An act to further revive the Powers for the compulsory Purchase of Lands and to further extend the time limited for the completion of certain of the Railways authorised by the Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway Act 1887 and for other purposes. (Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway (Extension of Time).)

107. An act to amend the Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary Justice Acts 1839 and 1871 and for other purposes. (Staffordshire Potteries Stipendiary.)

108. An act for authorizing the Liskeard and Looe Union Canal Company to extend their Railway and for other purposes. (Liskeard and Looe Railway Extension.)

109. An act to confer further powers upon the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes. (Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.)

110. An act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to make a New Opening or Swing Bridge over the New Cut to construct a Lock or half-tide Basin and certain Railways Roads and Works to borrow further money and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

111. An act to substitute for the existing Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation a representative trust and to transfer to such representative trust the powers and duties of the existing Trustees and to repeal and amend certain provisions of the Acts relating to the River Weaver. (Weaver Navigation.)

112. An act to extend the powers for the purchase of Lands and the time for the completion of the Great Northern and City Railway. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

113. An act to enable a certain Fundamental Rule of the Institution called “The Warehousemen Clerks and Drapers’ Schools” to be repealed altered or amended at a Special Court of the Institution and for other purposes. (Warehousemen Clerks and Drapers' Schools.)

114. An act to make provision with respect to the winding up of the Land Securities Company Limited and for the delivery out of the Office of Land Registry of the Securities deposited with that Office by that Company under the Mortgage Debenture Act 1865 and the Mortgage Debenture (Amendment) Act 1870 and for other purposes. (Land Securities Company (Limited).)

115. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Bridlington Water Company. (Bridlington Water.)

116. An act to confer further Powers on the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway.)

117. An act to authorise the Sutton Harbour Improvement Company to construct a new Quay and to revive and extend the powers of the Sutton Harbour Act 1889 for the construction of a Quay and Roadway and the establishment of a Fish Market in connexion with their existing Undertaking at the Harbour of Sutton Pool in the County of Devon to provide for the conversion and consolidation of their existing and authorised shares and to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Sutton Harbour.)

118. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the* London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Lambourn Valley Railway Company in respect of the undertaking of that Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

119. An act for authorizing the construction of a Canal or Waterway and other works in Lancashire to be called the Oldham and Roy ton Canal and for other purposes. (Oldham and Royton Canal)

120. An act for empowering the Bute Docks Company to extend the Seawalls or Embankments authorised by the Bute Docks Act 1882 and subsequent Acts and to make further provision with respect to the Capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Bute Docks)

121. An act to extend the time for the completion of the North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway and to authorise the construction of new Railways in the Counties of Pembroke and Carmarthen and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway.)

122. An act to enlarge the powers of the Taff Vale Railway Company for the construction of Works and the acquisition of Lands to enable them to establish Savings Banks and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

123. An act for making the Railway and Canal Traffic Acts applicable to the Steamers of the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company between Holyhead and Kingstown during any Mail Contract to authorise that Company to borrow money and for other purposes. (city of Dublin Steam Packet Company’s.)

124. An act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to make a Railway and other Works near Seacombe and for other purposes. (Wirral Railway.)

125. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works the acquisition of lands and the raising of money and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

126. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies and also for conferring powers upon the Great Western Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company in relation to such other undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

127. An act to empower the London County Council to make street improvements and to purchase lands for various purposes to make provisions with respect to contributions by local authorities the formation of wards in parishes and the management of parks to authorise the grant of a pension to the Chairman of Quarter Sessions for the County of London and the payment of compensation in certain cases and for other purposes. (London County Council Powers).)

128. An act to authorise the sale of the undertaking of the Rastrick Gas Company to the Brighouse Corporation to extend the district of the Burial Board and to make further and better provision in regard to the water supply health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Brighouse Corporation.)

129. An act to empower the London County Council to rebuild Vauxhall Bridge and to execute other works in connexion therewith. (London County Council (Vauxhall Bridge).)

130. An act to empower the London County Council to make a new Approach to the Tower Bridge on the Southern Side of the River Thames. (London County Council (Tower Bridge Southern Approach).)

131. An act to extend the Boundaries of the Borough of Clonmel to provide for the transfer to the Corporation of Clonmel of the Undertaking of the Clonmel Gas Consumers Company Limited and for other purposes. (Clonmel Corporation.)

132. An act to transfer the Solway Junction Railway to the Caledonian Railway Company and for other purposes. (Solway Junction Railway (Transfer).)

133. An act to confer Additional Powers upon the Midland Railway Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the Construction of Works and the Acquisition of Lands to make provision for the transfer of the undertaking of the Cheltenham Station Company to the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

134. An act for incorporating the Cranbrook District Water Company and empowering them to construct Works and supply Water and for other purposes. (Cranbrook District Water.)

135. An act to authorise the Construction of Railways from Headcom to Tenterden and Appledore and for other purposes. (Tenterden Railway.)

136. An act to amend and consolidate the Acts relating to the Harbour of Aberdeen and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Harbour.)

137. An act to confer powers on the West Highland Railway Company. (West Highland Railway.)

138. An act to authorise the Abandonment of the Railway and Works authorised by the Derry City and County Railway Act 1892. (Derry City and County Railway (Abandonment).)

139. An act for making a railway from Torrington to Okehampton in the county of Devon and for other purposes. (Torrington and Okehampton Railway.)

140. An act to regulate the expenditure of Money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current Financial Period and the raising of Money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

141. An act to confer further Powers on the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company for the Construction of Works and Acquisition of Lands and for the Abandonment of some of their authorised Railways and for other purposes. (Lancashire, Derbyshire, and East Coast Railway.)

142. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new Railways and other Works and the acquisition of additional Lands for the consolidation of certain of their Shares and Stocks and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

143. An act to transfer to and vest in the Corporation of Glasgow the powers of the Glasgow Police Commissioners and of the several Municipal Trusts of the City to make provision for the regulation of the office of Town Clerk and for the appointment of Stipendiary Magistrates to amend and extend the Police powers within the City and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation and Police.)

144. An act for conferring further Powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company and to make further provision with respect to their Undertaking and other Undertakings in which they are interested and for enabling the Company and the Midland Railway Company to acquire additional Lands in connexion with the Somerset and Dorset Railway and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

145. An act for making and maintaining new railways in the county of Glamorgan to be called the Neath Pontardawe and Bryn-aman Railway and for other purposes. (Neath, Pontardawe, and Bryn-aman Railway.)

146. An act to authorise the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company to divert portions of their authorised Railways in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Birmingham, North Warwickshire, and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

147. An act to constitute and incorporate a Gas and Water Board for the Borough of Chesterfield and the Districts adjacent thereto in the County of Derby to transfer to and vest in such Board the Undertaking of the Chesterfield Waterworks and Gaslight Company and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Gas and Water Board.)

148. An act to confer further powers upon the Manchester Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway Company the Metropolitan Railway Company the Wirral Railways Committee the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company the Wrexham Mold and Connah’s Quay Railway Company and the Cheshire Lines Committee to change the name of the Wirral Railways Committee and for other purposes. (Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway.)

149. An act for vesting in a Public Trust to be incorporated for that purpose the Undertaking of the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation and for other purposes. (Thames and Severn Canal Trust)

150. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway and for other purposes. (Latimer Road and Acton Railway.)

151. An act to confer further powers upon the North British Railway Company in connexion with their undertaking to construct Railways in connexion with the Kirkcaldy and District Railway to empower the East Fife Central Railway Company to make deviations in their authorised Railway for amalgamating the Kirkcaldy and District Railway Company and the East Fife Central Railway Company with the Company and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

152. An act to confer further powers on the Highland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Highland Railway.)

153. An act to authorise the London Walthamstow, and Epping Forest Railway Company to divert and improve their authorised Railway and to form connexions between the same and other Railways and for other purposes. (London, Walthamstow, and Epping Forest Railway.)

154. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Croydon. (Croydon Corporation.)

155. An act to authorise the Bray Township Commissioners to construct a Sewer for the more effectual Drainage of the Township and for other purposes. (Bray Township.)

156. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Merthyr Tydfil to construct Additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil District Council Waterworks.)

157. An act to extend the City and County of Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation).

158. An act for reviving the powers granted by the Southend Local Board Act 1887 for the making of one of the Piers by that Act authorised for empowering the Corporation of the Borough of Southend-on-Sea to construct a new Pier and for conferring further powers on the Corporation in relation to buildings streets and sanitary matters and for making further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Southend-on-Sea Corporation.)

