Local Acts passed in 1898, 61 & 62 Victoria c.1 - c.262.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 35.
---

1. An act to make better provision respecting the charge and management of County Bridges and of Hundred Bridges in the County of Lancaster and to confer further powers on the County Council of the County Palatine of Lancaster in relation to bridges and for other purposes. (County Council (Bridges).)

2. An act to further regulate the working management and control of the Widows Fund of the Writers to Her Majesty's Signet in Scotland to enlarge the powers of investment of the moneys of the Fund to amend the Acts now regulating the Fund and for other purposes. (Writers to the Signet Widows Fund.)

3. An act to empower the District Board of Lunacy for the landward portion of Midlothian and county of Peebles to construct Waterworks for the supply of water to their Rosslynlee Asylum to make provision for the cost of such works and for other purposes. (Midlothian and Peebles District Board of Lunacy (Water Supply).)

4. An act to confer further powers upon and to amend certain of the Acts relating to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and to enable that Board to borrow further money and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks (Various Powers).)

5. An act for amending the powers of the Agricultural Company of Mauritius Limited to sub-divide their capital into Preference and Ordinary Capital and for other purposes. (Agricultural Company of Mauritius.)

6. An act for conferring further powers on the President and Governors of Guy's Hospital. (Guy's Hospital.)

7. An act to enlarge and extend the powers and objects of the Patriotic Assurance Company and for other purposes. (Patriotic Assurance Company's.)

8. An act for enlarging the constitution of the Tyne Improvement Commission for conferring further powers upon the Tyne Improvement Commissioners and for amending certain of the provisions of the Tyne Improvement Acts 1850 to 1897 and for other purposes. (Tyne Improvement (Constitution and Works).)

9. An act for granting further powers to the Aberystwyth Gas Company. (Aberystwyth Gas.)

10. An act for granting further powers to the Folkestone Gas and Coke Company. (Folkestone Gas.)

11. An act to confer further powers upon the City and South London Railway Company for the construction of works and acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

12. An act for the conversion of the existing Preference Stock of the Eastern Telegraph Company Limited and for other purposes. (Eastern Telegraph Company's.)

13. An act to abolish the Composition Rate now leviable for certain Church purposes in the parish of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green in the county of London and to make other provisions for securing the stipend of the Rector of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green and the maintenance of the fabrics of the Churches of Saint Matthew Bethnal Green and Saint John Bethnal Green and for other purposes. (Saint Matthew Bethnal Green (Church Rate Abolition).)

14. An act for enabling the Upper Assam Tea Company Limited to arrange with the holders of their preference capital and for other purposes. (Upper Assam Tea Company's.)

15. An act to authorise the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Commissioners to construct new gasworks and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers on the Commissioners in relation to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas.)

16. An act for conferring further powers on the Swansea Gaslight Company. (Swansea Gas.)

17. An act for the granting of further powers to the City of Waterford Gas Company. (City of Waterford Gas.)

18. An act for conferring further powers on the Chipstead Valley Railway Company and for other purposes. (Chipstead Valley Railway.)

19. An act for. empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to provide and use Steam Vessels and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Steam Vessels).)

20. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Whitwick and Coalville Gas Company and for other purposes. (Whitwick and Coalville Gas.)

21. An act to confer further powers upon the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company. (Hartlepool Gas and Water.)

22. An act to amend and enlarge the powers of the Edinburgh Merchant Company to provide for the better administration of the said Company and the Widows' Fund and George Grindlay's and William Wathorston's Endowments and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Merchant Company.)

23. An act to relieve the Owner of the Norton Priory Estate in the County of Chester from the liability to repair certain roads in the said County and to provide for the future maintenance and repair thereof and for other purposes. (Norton and Holton Roads.)

24. An act to authorise the Edinburgh and District Water Trustees to construct additional works to make deviations of authorised works and for other purposes. (Edinburgh and District Waterworks.)

25. An act to confirm the issue as fully paid of certain shares. (Marianao and Havana Railway Company's.)

26. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Morley to purchase the undertakings of the Morley Gas Company and the Churwell Gas Light Company to make further provision in regard to the finance of the said borough and for other purposes. (Morley Corporation (Gas &c.).)

27. An act for incorporating the Great Orme Tramways Company and for authorising the Company to make and maintain a Tramway and Tramroad from Llandudno to or near the summit of the Great Ormeshead in the county of Carnarvon. (Great Orme Tramways.)

28. An act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to alter extend and improve their docks basins and works on the Liverpool side of the River Mersey and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks (New Works).)

29. An act to confirm an Amended Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts 1866 to 1878 relating to Barnes Common in the Parish of Barnes Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons (Barnes) Supplemental.)

30. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Killiney and Ballybrack Township. (Local Government Board Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

31. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bootle East-Stonehouse Epsom (Rural) Halifax (Rural) Hucknall-Torkard Leatherhead Ramsgate and Tewkesbury (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

32. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Eastbourne Oswaldtwistle Oswestry and Wallasey and to the Oakwell and Staines Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

33. An act for acquiring Land for Customs and other Offices at Barry Dock and for other purposes connected therewith. (Customs and other Offices (Barry Dock).)

34. An act for the acquisition of Land at Southampton as a Site for Customs and other Offices connected therewith and for other purposes connected therewith. (Customs Offices (Southampton).)

35. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burnley (Rural) Cuckfield (Rural) Epping Fenny-Stratford He3ton-and-Isleworth Keswick Sunderland Tadcaster (Rural) and Wetherby (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

36. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 relating to Wolstanton Marsh in the County of Stafford. (Commons Regulation (Wolstanton Marsh) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

37. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Airdrie Brechin Hamilton and Rothesay. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

38. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Dartford East Ham Ilfracombe Ossett Rawmarsh and Rotherham. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

39. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Batley Hereford Hornsey Ilford Leigh-on-Sea and Lewes. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

40. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barnes Chichester Doncaster Hove (Aldrington) King's Norton and Leatherhead. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

41. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the Pilotage District of the Tees. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

42. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Clonmel Armagh Kildare and Baltinglass. (Government Board (Ireland)Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

43. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

44. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Thomas Holmes for Improvements in apparatus applicable to Twist Lace Machines. (Holmes's Patent.)

45. An act to confer further powers on the Southend Gas Company. (Southend-on-Sea Gas.)

46. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Bakewell to supply Gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Bakewell Gaslight Company to the Council. (Bakewell Gas.)

47. An act to authorise the York United Gas Light Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (York United Gas Light Company's.)

48. An act for conferring further powers upon the Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Brompton Chatham Gillingham and Rochester Water.)

49. An act for amending the Borrowing Powers of the Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway Company. (Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway.)

50. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to confer powers upon that Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

51. An act for the extension and enlargement of the Foreign Cattle Market at Deptford and to authorise the Corporation of the City of London to construct maintain and work certain railways and a tramway between the said Market and the Deptford Wharf Branch of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway and for other purposes. (Foreign Cattle Market Deptford.)

52. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Saint Anne's-on-the-Sea Gas Company. (St. Anne's-on-the-Sea Sea Gas.)

53. An act to authorise the Commissioners for General Control and Correspondence and for the superintending and directing the Erection Establishment and Regulation of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor in Ireland to transfer certain lauds for Hospital purposes to the Corporation of Belfast and to the Trustees of the Royal Victoria Hospital Belfast. (City of Belfast (Hospitals).)

54. An act for conferring further powers on the Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill Railway Company and for other purposes. (Crowhurst Sidley and Bexhill Railway.)

55. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

56. An act to authorise the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Company to deviate their railway to extend the time for compulsory purchase of lands and completion of works and for other purposes. (Torrington and Okehampton Railway.)

57. An act to extend the powers of the Enfield Gas Company and amend the Acts affecting that Company and for other purposes. (Enfield Gas.)

58. An act to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

59. An act to amend the Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Act 1847 and the Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Improvement Act 1863 to authorise the remission or rebate of the Annual Assessments or Scots leviable under the first-mentioned Act to authorise the Trustees of the Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation to contribute towards the maintenance of a certain contemplated Sea Wall and Defences and for other purposes. (Newhaven Harbour and Ouse Lower Navigation Amendment.)

60. An act for incorporating the City and Brixton Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an Underground Railway from the City and South London Railway in the Parish of St. Saviour Southwark to Brixton Hill and for other purposes. (City and Brixton Railway.)

61. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

62. An act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands and also to extend the time for the completion of the London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway and for other purposes. (London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway.)

63. An act to enable the Edmonton Urban District Council to acquire Pymmes Park for a public park and recreation ground for conferring further powers in relation to buildings streets and sanitary matters for making further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Edmonton Urban District Council.)

64. An act to provide for the redemption by the Powell Duffryn Steam Coal Company (Limited) of certain Redeemable Shares issued by them and to authorise the creation and issue of new Preference Shares in exchange for the shares redeemed and for other purposes. (Powell Duffryn Steam Coal Company (Limited).)

65. An act to authorise the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company to raise further moneys to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to subscribe for additional shares or stock and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway (Capital).)

66. An act to confer further powers upon and to amend certain Acts relating to the Great Eastern Railway Company to authorise the Company to subscribe towards the undertakings of the Elsenham Thaxted and Bardfield and the Kelvedon Tiptree and Tollesbury Light Railway Companies and to acquire the undertakings of the Ely and Saint Ives the Ely and Newmarket the Colchester Stour Valley Sudbury and Halstead and the Mellis and Eye Railway Companies and part of the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Railway to make further provision as to certain funds of the Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

67. An act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to make an extension railway and other works in the County of Chester and to abandon the railway authorised by the Act of 1895 and to convert their debenture stocks and for other purposes. (Wirral Railway.)

68. An act for extending and defining the objects of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company and for other purposes. (Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company's.)

69. An act to extend the limits of supply of and confer further powers on the Gloucester Gas Light Company and for other purposes. (Gloucester Gas.)

70. An act to make further provision in regard to the water and gas undertakings of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Ilkeston and for other purposes. (Ilkeston Corporation.)

71. An act to authorise the Corporation of Nottingham to establish a Fire Insurance Fund to make better provision in regard to the driving of carts in the City and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

72. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Market Harborough Gas Company Limited to the Market Harborough Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Market Harborough Urban District Council Gas.)

73. An act to empower the Erpingham Rural District Council to construct a Sea Wall and other works for the protection of the parishes off Sheringham and Beeston Regis. (Sheringham and Beeston Protection.)

74. An act for conferring further powers on the Isle of Thanet Gaslight and Coke Company. (Gas.)

75. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to Hacconby Fen situate in the Parish of Hacconby in the County of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Supplemental.)

76. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

77. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Abingdon Croydon-and-Wimbledon Newmarket-and-Moulton Royston-Ashwell-and-Melbourn Saffron-Walden and Ulverston Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

78. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Leeds Manchester and Wakefield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

79. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blaby (Rural) Bristol Eastbourne Epsom (Rural) Gelligaer-and-Rhigos (Rural) Malling (Rural) Newport (Mon.) Penmaenmawr Richmond (Surrey) and Rugeley. (Local Government Board!s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

80. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Counties of Brecon Monmouth and Radnor. (Local Government Board's -visional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

81. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool Gomersal Nottingham and Sunbury-on-Thames. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

82. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighton-and-Hove Ossett Ripon and Uttoxeter and to the Conway-and-Colwyn-Bay and Tolworth United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Ashton-under-Lyne and the Urban District of Dukinfield and to the City of Chester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dewsbury Haworth Leeds and Stourbridge. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

85. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Barnes Cellan Heston Llanelly and Low Leyton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Barnes, &c.).)

86. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Budleigh Salterton Gas Coatbridge Gas Great Marlow Gas King's Lynn Gas and Whitchurch (Salop) Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

87. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 relating to Runcorn Heath and Runcorn Hill in the County of Chester. (Commons Regulation (Runcorn) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

88. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh. (Edinburgh Improvement Scheme Provisional Order Confirmation.)

89. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

90. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Tralee Coleraine and Skull. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

91. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland relating to an increase in the number of Councillors in the Burgh of Leith. (Leith Burgh Order Confirmation.)

92. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Colne East Stonehouse Margam Rochdale St. Anne's-on-the-Sea and Weymouth and Melcombe Regis. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

93. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aston Manor Darlington Lowestoft Oldbury Smethwick and West Bromwich. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

94. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Chelmsford Melton Mowbray Norwich (Extension) Preston (Extensions) and Warrington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

95. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bolton (Extension) Kingswinford Penarth Prescot (Extension) and Shrewsbury. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

96. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Rothesay Weymouth and Wooda Bay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

97. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 and the Public Health Act 1875 relating to Selby and Wenlock. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

98. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cannock Gas Colwall Gas Crossgates Halton and Seacroft Gas and Slough Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

99. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Devonport and Sheffield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

100. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parish of Lambeth and to the Newhaven and Saint Olave's Unions. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

101. An act to confirm an Order in Council of the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council in Ireland relating to the Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway. (Tramways Order in Council (Ireland) (Londonderry and Lough Swilly (Letterkenny to Burtonport Extension) Railway) Confirmation.)

102. An act to authorise the Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen to acquire and the Aberdeen District Tramways Company to sell their undertaking to empower the Town Council to work the undertaking and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Corporation (Tramways).)

103. An act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company to authorise them to execute further works and acquire additional lands and to confer upon the Company and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company further powers for the purchase of lands and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

104. An act to authorise the Staines Reservoirs Joint Committee to execute farther Works to amend in certain respects the Staines Reservoirs &c. Act 1896 and for other purposes. (Staines Reservoirs.)

105. An act to enable the Belfast Harbour Commissioners to improve the Victoria Channel and to construct additional docks and works at Belfast to confer further powers upon the Commissioners and for other purposes. (Belfast Harbour.)

106. An act to increase the number of the Council of the Borough of Blackpool and to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said Borough to construct additional tramways and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

cvii An act to dissolve the Sheringham Gas and Water Company (Limited) and to re-incorporate the Proprietors therein as a new Company for the supply of gas and water in the parishes of Sheringham and Beeston Regis in the county of Norfolk. (Sheringham Gas and Water.)

108. An act to authorise the extension of the Borough of Carmarthen and to make further provision in regard to the water supply of the Borough and for other purpose?. (Carmarthen Improvement.)

109. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Northam to construct waterworks for the supply of their District and for other purposes. (Northam Urban District Water.)

110. An act for supplying with water certain Parishes in North Warwickshire. (North Warwickshire Water.)

111. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and, South Coast Railway.)

112. An act for granting further powers to the Gainsborough Gas Company. (Gainsborough Gas.)

113. An act to confer further powers on the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company for authorising agreements between that Company and the South Eastern and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

114. An act for conferring further powers on the Southend Waterworks Company for the construction of works the raising of money and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Southend Waterworks.)

115. An act to authorise the Southwark and Vauxhall Water Company to acquire lands construct additional works take additional water from the River Thames and raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Southwark and Vauxhall Water.)

116. An act to relieve the Governors of Saint Thomas's Hospital from liability to maintain the Minister and Church of the Parish of Saint Thomas Southwark and to unite the said Parish to the Ecclesiastical Parish of Saint Saviour Southwark and for other purposes. (Saint Thomas Southwark and Saint Saviour Southwark.)

117. An act to enable the Corporation of Yeovil to construct additional Waterworks to purchase the undertaking of the Yeovil Gas and Coke Company Limited to supply gas to establish a station for generating electric power and to raise money by borrowing on mortgage or otherwise. (Yeovil Corporation.)

118. An act for incorporating the Bideford and Clovelly Railway Company and for other purposes. (Bideford and Clovelly Railway.)

119. An act to confer further powers upon the Urban District Council for the District of Ilford in the County of Essex. (Ilford Improvement.)

120. An act for confirming and giving effect to certain Heads of Agreement between the Great Eastern Railway Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway Company and Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee.)

121. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company in relation to payment of pensions and allowances or gratuities to servants on the wages list of the Company and to consolidate with amendments the provisions with regard to the same contained in the Great Eastern Railway (General Powers) Acts 1890 1893 1895 and 1896 and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (Pensions).)

122. An act to enable the Cranbrook District Water Company to extend their limits of supply construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Cranbrook District Water.)

123. An act for incorporating the Crawley and District Water Company and empowering them to construct works and supply water and for other purposes. (Crawley and District Water.)

124. An act to confer further powers upon the Urban District Council for the District of East Ham in the County of Essex. (East Ham Improvement.)

125. An act to authorise the Commissioners of the Burgh of Wisbaw to provide an additional water supply to the Burgh and to make and maintain new and additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Wishaw Water (Additional Supply).)

126. An act for transferring to the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Liskeard the undertaking of the Liskeard Waterworks Company and for empowering the Corporation to supply water within the limits of supply of the Company and for other purposes. (Liskeard Corporation.)

127. An act to authorise the Norwich Electric Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and for other purposes. (Norwich Electric Tramways.)

128. An act to confirm two agreements made by the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Cardiff for the acquisition and appropriation to public objects of Cathays Park to empower the said Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses to construct new tramways in the said Borough and to work the same and other tramways hereafter acquired by them and for other purposes. (Cardiff Corporation.)

129. An act to empower the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Dundee to work and use the tramways within the Burgh and for other purposes. (Dundee Corporation (Tramways).)

130. An act to enable the Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company Limited to sell and the Central Argentine Railway Company Limited to purchase the undertaking of the Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company Limited and to make provision for the distribution amongst the members of the Buenos Ayres Northern Railway Company Limited of the obligations or other consideration resulting from such sale and for other purposes. (Buenos Ayres Railway Company's.)

131. An act to alter and extend the constitution and powers of the Colonial Bank. (Colonial Bank.)

132. An act to extend the time limited for the completion of certain railways authorised to be constructed by the Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway Company and for other purposes. (Rhondda and Swansea Bay Railway.)

133. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cromer Gas Company. (Cromer Gas.)

134. An act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of Drogheda Gas Light Company Limited to the Municipal Corporation of the Borough of Drogheda to confer powers on the said Company and Corporation and for other purposes. (Drogheda (Corporation) Gas.)

135. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Wigan in regard to the construction of tramways and street improvements and other matters and to make further provision in regard to the finance of the borough and for other purposes. (Wigan Corporation.)

136. An act to authorise the abandonment of certain authorised and the construction of certain new works at Dover Harbour the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour.)

137. An act to amend the London Building Act 1894. (London Building Act 1894 (Amendment).)

138. An act for making further provisions respecting the capital and undertaking of the Crystal Palace Company and for other purposes. (Crystal Palace Company's.)

139. An act to vest in the Plymouth Corporation the undertaking of the Company of Proprietors for embanking part of the Lairy near Plymouth to empower the Corporation to make new street works and tramway to extend the boundary of the borough and for other purposes. (Plymouth Corporation.)

140. An act to authorise the levy of rates at the Turnchapel Quays and Wharves at Plymouth and to confer various powers on the owners of those quays and wharves. (Turnchapel Quays and Wharves.)

141. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Stirling Gas Light Company. (Stirling Gas.)

142. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new railways and works and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

143. An act to prevent or regulate the discharge of Sewage into the Metropolitan Main Drainage System from the Urban District of Acton in the county of Middlesex. (London County Council (Acton Sewage).)

144. An act to authorise the Mumbles Railway and Pier Company to extend their railway to Black Pill and for other purposes. (Mumbles Railway and Pier.)

145. An act to authorise the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to widen certain bridges to stop up certain level crossings to acquire additional lands to make agreements with the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

146. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Halifax to construct additional waterworks tramways street widenings and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their gasworks undertaking to amend some of the provisions of the Local Acts in force within the Borough and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

147. An act for the granting of further powers to the Folkestone Waterworks Company. (Folkestone Water.)

148. An act to confer further powers on the City of Norwich Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (City of Norwich Waterworks.)

149. An act to reconstitute the Corporation of Foreign Bondholders. (Corporation of Foreign Bondholders.)

150. An act to empower the Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Blackpool and Fleetwood Tramroad.)

151. An act for authorizing the Hamilton Waterworks Commissioners to make and maintain additional waterworks and for conferring further powers upon those Commissioners and for other purposes. (Hamilton Water.)

152. An act to confer further powers upon the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company and to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Hull and South Yorkshire Extension Railway Company to the Company and for other purposes. (Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock.)

153. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Kettering to purchase the undertaking of the Kettering Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Kettering Water.)

154. An act to confirm and provide for future alterations of the rules and regulations of the Clergy Mutual Assurance Society. (Clergy Mutual Assurance Society.)

155. An act to empower the County Councils of the Administrative Counties of Middlesex and Surrey to rebuild Kew Bridge and to make new approaches thereto and to execute other works in connexion therewith and for other purposes. (Kew Bridge.)

156. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Bacup to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Bacup Corporation Water.)

157. An act to confer further powers on the Higham and Hundred of Hoo Water Company. (Higham and Hundred of Hoo Water (Amendment).)

158. An act to amend the provisions of the Dublin Southern District Tramways Act 1893 relating to the speed at which engines carriages and trucks may be driven or propelled on the tramways of the Dublin Southern District Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Dublin Southern District Tramways.)

159. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

160. An act for authorizing the Matlock Urban District Council to acquire the water undertaking of the Matlock Waterworks Company Limited and to construct waterworks and for making further and better provision for the local government of the District and for other purposes. (Matlock Urban District Council.)

161. An act to make further provisions as to the Capital of the Tottenham and Edmonton Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Edmonton Gas.)

162. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Felixstowe and Walton to purchase the undertaking of the Felixstowe and Walton Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Felixstowe and Walton Water.)

163. An act to confer powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of railways from Royston to Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (Midland Railway (West Riding Lines).)

164. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn to purchase the undertaking of the Newtown Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Newtown Water.)

165. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company with respect to their own undertaking and undertakings in which they are jointly interested and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

166. An act to authorise the Corporation of the County Borough of Blackburn to acquire the undertaking of the Blackburn Corporation Tramways Company Limited to construct new tramways in the Borough to improve and work the undertaking to partially consolidate the redeemable debt and mortgages of the Corporation to consolidate and apply sinking funds to repeal borrowing powers to borrow money and for other purposes. (Blackburn Corporation (Tramways &c.).)

167. An act to authorise the use of Electrical power on the Tramways of the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited and for other purposes. (Bristol Tramways (Electrical Power &c.).)

168. An act to authorise the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited to extend their Tramways and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Bristol Tramways (Extensions).)

169. An act to authorise the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway Company to construct additional railways in the County of Glamorgan to extend the times for the taking of lands for and for the completion of their authorised railways and for other purposes. (Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway.)

170. An act to confer further powers on the Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Plymouth and Stonehouse Gas.)

171. An act to authorise and provide for the construction of certain Sea Defence Works between Newhaven and Seaford in the County of Sussex and to enable the Newhaven Harbour Company to raise additional capital and the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to guarantee dividend thereon and for other purposes. (Newhaven and Seaford Sea Defences.)

172. An act to consolidate and convert the capital of the Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Gas Light and Coke Company's (Capital Consolidation).)

173. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Coventry in regard to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation Gas.)

174. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company and the Midland Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Helston and Leominster and Kington Railway Companies with the Groat Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (General Powers).)

175. An act to empower the Leyton Urban District Council to work tramways for the time being owned by them within their district to make further and better provision for the good government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Leyton Urban District Council.)

176. An act to enable the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company to construct works and purchase additional lands for the improvement of their undertaking to subscribe towards the undertaking of the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company or to guarantee interest on the capital of that Company and to make other provisions with respect to the use by the Tilbury Company of the London and Black wall Railway and Stations thereon and for other purposes. (London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

177. An act for conferring further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and for the ventilation of their railway and upon that Company and the Metropolitan District Railway Company in relation to the working of their undertakings by electrical power and upon those Companies and the South Eastern Railway Company with respect to certain lands at Cannon Street and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

178. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Middlesbrough in relation to the Supply of Gas. (Middlesbrough Corporation (Gas).)

179. An act to empower the Corporation of Tynemouth to obtain water from the River Font in the County of Northumberland for the supply of the Borough of Tynemouth and adjacent places and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation (Water).)

180. An act to alter the constitution of the Dublin Port and Docks Board to confer further powers on that Board with respect to the creation and issue of stock and the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Dublin Port and Docks.)

181. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised railways of the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company and for other purposes. (Easton and Church Hope Railway (Extension of Time).)

182. An act for making a tramroad in the County of Dublin and for other purposes. (Clontarf and Hill of Howth Tramroad.)

183. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their Chester and Holyhead Railway and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Wales).)

184. An act to authorise the construction of a railway from Jordanston to St. David's and for other purposes. (St. David's Railway.)

185. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Clacton Gas and Water Company and to authorise the acquisition by the Clacton Urban District Council of the undertaking of that Company and for other purposes. (Clacton Gas and Water.)

186. An act to confer powers on the Maldon Water Supply Company Limited and to authorise the transfer of their undertaking to the Corporation of Maldon and for other purposes. (Maldon Water.)

187. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Southampton Gaslight and Coke Company and to confer on them further powers for the acquisition of lands the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Southampton Gas.)

188. An act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to revive the powers and extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the construction and completion of certain railways to provide for the acquisition by the Company of the Crieff and Comrie Railway and for other purposed. (Caledonian Railway.)

189. An act to reconstitute the Deputies of the “Resident Freemen and Freemen's Widows of the Borough of Leicester” and to amend the Act passed in the eighth and ninth years of the reign of Her Majesty Queen Victoria constituting such Deputies. (Leicester Freemen's.)

190. An act to authorise the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Paisley to create and issue stock to borrow money in respect of the redemption of Paisley Burgh Annuities the improvement of the Burgh Slaughter House and redemption of annuity and discharge of debts affecting the same and for other purposes. (Paisley Corporation (Loans).)

191. An act for the abolition of the Church Rate leviable in the Parish of Saint Marylebone in the County of London and for securing otherwise the maintenance of the fabrics of certain Churches and Chapels in the Parish and the stipends of the Incumbents of such Churches and for other purposes. (Saint Marylebone (Church Rite Abolition).)

192. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the County Borough of Burnley with respect to Tramways and to their Electric Lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the Borough to amend and extend the provisions of the Local Acts relating to the Borough and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation (Tramways &c.).)

193. An act to enable the Ipswich Dock Commissioners to make certain works in connexion with their dock and to confer various further powers upon the Commissioners and for other purposes. (Ipswich Dock.)

194. An act for incorporating the Usk Valley Railway Company and authorising them to construct a railway in the Counties of Monmouth and Brecon and for other purposes. (Usk Valley Railway.)

195. An act to enable the Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company to provide for the consolidation of their share capital and for other purposes. (Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company.)

196. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain portions of the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway and for other purposes. (Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

197. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of additional lands and for amalgamating the Scarborough and Whitby Railway Company with the Company and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

198. An act for vesting in the Isle of Wight Railway Company the undertaking of the Brading Harbour and Railway Company and for other purposes. (Isle of Wight Railway (Brading Harbour and Railway).)

199. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1890 relating to Montrose and Perth. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

200. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Holborn and St. Giles. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

201. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Colwyn Bay Macduff Medina River Portsmouth Camber Quays and Southwold. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

202. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to East Ham Urban District Tramways Eccleshill Urban District Tramways Huddersfield Corporation Tramways and Linthwaite Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

203. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Broughton-in-Furness Water Hay ling Water Portsmouth Water Ross Water Saint Neot's Water and Wrexham Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

204. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

205. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aldershot Bridgwater Chislehurst Gravesend and Hastings. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

206. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Middlesbrough Nuneaton St Alban Whiston and Willesden. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

207. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Birkdale Burslem Chorley Crewe Maidenhead and Stoke-upon-Trent. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

208. An act to confirm a Provisional Order granted by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 to the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited) in respect of an area situate in the County of Stafford. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

209. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Blackpool St. Anne's and Lytham Tramways Great Crosby Tramways Liverpool Corporation Tramways (Extensions) and Waterloo-with-Seaforth Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

210. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Carlisle Tramways Hartlepool Tramways and City of Oxford and District Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

211. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of Devonport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

212. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cheltenham (two) Fulwood Salford and Worthing and to the Hanley Stoke and Fenton Joint Hospital District (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

213. An act to confirm a Scheme relating to East Sheen Common in the Parish of Mortlake Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons (East Sheen) Supplemental.)

214. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

215. An act to empower the Secretary of State in Council to purchase Lands in connexion with the Store Department of the India Office. (India Office (Store

216. An act to authorise the Trustees of the late John Gordon of Cluny to construct additional Works at the Harbour of Buckie in the Parish of Rathven and County of Banff and to enable the Commissioners of the Burgh of Buckie to grant guarantees in connexion with the revenue of the Harbour and tor other purposes. (Buckie (Cluny) Harbour.)

217. An act to authorise the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to widen alter and improve parts of their railway to buy additional land and for other purposes. (Great North of Scotland Railway.)

218. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the Newhaven and Seaford Water Company. (Newhaven and Seaford Water.)

219. An act to authorise the Exeter Teign Valley and Chagford Railway Company to construct Deviation Railways to revive the powers and further extend the time limited for the completion of their authorised railway and for other purposes. (Exeter Railway.)

220. An act to confirm an agreement for the purchase of the undertaking of the Sheffield Electric Light and Power Company by the Corporation of Sheffield and to confer borrowing powers and other powers on the said Corporation. (Sheffield Electric Lighting (Transfer).)

221. An act to empower the London County Council to make certain street improvements to purchase lands to make provision for contributions in certain cases by Local Authorities to remove obstructions in certain streets to make various miscellaneous provisions relating to the London County Council and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

222. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on Capital Account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

223. An act to dissolve and re-incorporate the Mid Kent Water Company Limited to extend their limits of supply and to confer further powers for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking. (Mid Kent Water.)

224. An act to transfer to and vest in the Sheffield District Railway Company the Treeton and Brightside Railway of the Midland Railway Company to abandon certain authorised railways of the Company to confirm agreements between the Company and other companies and for other purposes. (Sheffield District Railway.)

225. An act to empower the Corporation of Carlisle to obtain water from Old Water and New Water and other tributaries of the River Gelt in the county of Cumberland for the supply of the city of Carlisle and other places within their limits of supply and for other purposes. (Carlisle Corporation (Water).)

226. An act to enable the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Forres to purchase the undertaking of the Forres Water Company Limited to authorise them to construct new works and to supply water to the Royal Burgh of Forres and the parishes of Forres Rafford and Dallas in the county of Elgin. (Forres Water.)

227. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to convey to the Trustees of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Royal Infirmary a portion of the Castle Leazes as a site for a new infirmary. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation (New Infirmary Site).)

228. An act to confer further powers upon the North British Railway Company in connexion with their undertaking to authorise the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to lease certain of their lands and for other purposes. (North British Railway (General Powers).)

229. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Portsmouth with reference to the acquisition construction and working of Tramways in the said Borough and for other purposes. (Portsmouth Corporation Tramways.)

230. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Filey to supply water and gas and to acquire the undertaking of the Filey Water and Gas Company. (Filey Water and Gas.)

231. An act for the granting of further powers to the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company and for other purposes. (Newcastle and Gateshead Waterworks.)

232. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Devonport and District Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Devonport and District Tramways.)

ccxxxlii. An act to empower the Chelsea Electricity Supply Company Limited to acquire lands and erect generating stations and for other purposes. (Chelsea Electricity Supply.)

234. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and other undertakings in which they are interested jointly with other companies and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

235. An act to empower the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited to use lands at Acton Lane for the purpose of their undertaking and to lay certain cables or wires in streets and along the Grand Junction Canal and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company.)

ccxxxvi An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Rochdale to acquire the undertaking of the Todmorden Waterworks Company to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Rochdale Corporation Water.)

237. An act to authorise the improvement of the existing Harbour and the construction of a Dock at Seaham Harbour in the County of Durham and works connected therewith and for other purposes. (Seaham Harbour Dock.)

238. An act to provide for the sale and transfer of the undertaking of the West Melton Waterworks Company Limited to the Wath-upon-Dearne Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with reference to the supply of water and for other purposes. (Wath-upon-Dearne Urban District Council Water.)

239. An act to incorporate a Company for making Railways between Windsor and Ascot and for other purposes. (Windsor and Ascot Railway.)

240. An act to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks authorised by the Heywood Waterworks Act 1877 to vest the water undertaking of the Heywood Corporation in a joint Board and for other purposes. (Heywood Waterworks (Transfer).)

241. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Todmorden to construct certain reservoirs and other waterworks and for other purposes. (Todmorden Corporation Water.)

242. An act to extend the Borough of Bolton and the Urban Districts of Turton and Westhoughton and for other purposes. (Bolton Turton and Westhoughton Extension.)

243. An act to authorise the Corporation of Glasgow to acquire additional lands and to construct additional works for Sewage purposes to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation (Sewage &c.).)

244. An act for making a Light Railway between Knott End and Pilling in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Knott End Railway.)

245. An act for incorporating the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water Company for conferring powers on them for the construction of works the supply of gas and water the purchase of certain gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water.)

246. An act for the abandonment of the Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway. (Kingstown and Kingsbridge Junction Railway (Abandonment).)

247. An act to provide for the Redemption of the Mersey Railway Redeemable First Debenture Stock and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway (Capital).)

248. An act to authorise the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company to construct certain new and substituted railways in connexion with their Chesterfield and Lincoln Separate Undertaking to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.)

249. An act to empower the Lincoln and Coast Railway and Dock Company to abandon the construction of certain authorised harbour works and to construct other works in lieu thereof to transfer to the Company the undertakings of the Louth and East Coast and Sutton and Willoughby Railway Companies to confirm agreements with those Companies and with the Great Northern Railway Company for the raising of additional capital by the Company and for other purposes. (Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock.)

250. An act to make more effectual provision for preventing the pollution and obstruction of the streams in the County of Middlesex and to confer further powers on the County Council of Middlesex for that purpose to give to the Council powers in relation to making loans to Local Authorities main roads and other matters and to enlarge in some respects the powers of District Councils in the said County. (Middlesex County Council.)

251. An act for authorizing the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to execute certain street improvements and to acquire and appropriate permanently as open spaces certain Burial Grounds within the City for conferring further powers on the Corporation in relation to children trading in the streets and other matters for amending various Local Acts in force within the City and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

252. An act to authorise the construction by the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company of new railways from Cork to Fermoy and Waterford to Rosslare and the acquisition by the Company of the undertakings of the Fermoy and Lismore and the Waterford Dungarvan and Lismore Railway Companies to confer running powers over certain railways to extend the time for completion of works authorised by the Fishguard Bay Railway and Pier Act 1893 and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours.)

253. An act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways to acquire additional lands to stop up certain streets to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain railways and for the sale of superfluous lands to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company to confirm an agreement with the Great Northern Railway Company to make agreements with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

254. An act to empower the Great Western Railway Company to make new railways a harbour at Weymouth and other works and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (New Works).)

255. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Keighley to construct additional waterworks to purchase lands for the protection of their waters and waterworks to make new streets and street improvements and to extend the powers of the Corporation in regard to the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Keighley Corporation.)

256. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads for using mechanical power on their tramways and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

257. An act to confer powers upon the Urban District Council of Paignton in the County of Devon with respect to the purchase and laying out of land for a Recreation Ground to make better provision for the improvement health and local government of the District and for other purposes. (Paignton Improvement.)

258. An act to authorise the construction of tramways in and near the Borough of St. Helens to extend the boundaries of that Borough and to confer further powers, on the Corporation of St. Helens in regard to streets buildings sewers and drains and the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (St. Helen's Corporation.)

259. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that Borough and for other purposes. (West Ham Corporation.)

260. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Wey Valley Water Company for extending the limits of supply of and conferring further powers upon the Frimley and Farnborough District Water Company and the Faraham Water Company Limited for authorising agreements between those Companies and other water companies and for other purposes. (Wey Valley Frimley and Famham Water.)

261. An act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to subscribe towards the capital of the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company and for other purposes. (Whitechapel and Bow Railway.)

262. An act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to construct new railways in the County of Glamorgan to make further provisions as to the capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

