Local Acts passed in 1899, 62 & 63 Victoria c.1-277.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 36.
---

1. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Rushden and Higham Ferrers District Gas Company. (Rushden and Higham Ferrers District Gas.)

2. An act to empower the Urban District Council of the Urban District of Ilford to make further provision in regard to the future collection of the local rates and for other purposes. (Ilford Urban District Council (Rates).)

3. An act to confer further powers upon the Aberdeen Harbour Commissioners. (Aberdeen Harbour.)

4. An act for conferring further powers upon the Herne Bay Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Herne Bay Water.)

5. An act to authorise the Walton-on-Thames and Weybridge Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Walton-on-Thames and Weybridge Gas Company's.)

6. An act for supplying with Gas the District of Crowborough in the County of Sussex and adjacent places. (Crowborough District Gas.)

7. An act for supplying with Water and Gas the City of St. David’s and adjacent places. (St. David's Water and Gas.)

8. An act for transferring to the Clay Cross Urban District Council the undertaking of the Clay Cross Waterworks Company and for empowering the Clay Cross Urban District Council to supply Water within their District and for other purposes. (Clay Cross Water.)

9. An act to authorise the Glasgow District Subway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Glasgow District Subway (Additional Capital).)

10. An act for making a Railway in the County of Leicester from the London Extension of the Great Central Railway at Loughborough to the Urban District of Sheepshed and for other purposes. (Loughborough and Sheepshed Railway.)

11. An act to authorise the improvement of the area bounded by Patrick Street Bride’s Alley Bride Street and Bull Alley in the City of Dublin and the erection thereon of Workmen’s Dwellings and other Buildings to vest the same and the control thereof in a body of Trustees to empower the Corporation of Dublin to carry out certain Street Widenings and for other purposes. (Dublin Improvement (Bull Alley Area).)

12. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct a Culvert and other Works for the relief of the floods in the Cutlers Mills Brook and for other purposes. (Bristol Floods Prevention.)

13. An act to authorise the construction of additional waterworks for the City of Perth and places adjacent for conferring further borrowing powers for the purposes of the construction of the bridge and certain other works and the gasworks authorised by the Perth Harbour City Improvements and Gas Act 1897 and for other purposes. (Perth Water Police and Gas.)

14. An act for conferring further powers on the Vale of Glamorgan Railway Company for the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Vale of Glamorgan Railway.)

15. An act to authorise the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct Tramways Street Improvements and Promenades and for other purposes. (Wallasey Tramways and Improvements.)

16. An act to extend the objects of and to confer further powers on the Northern Assurance Company and for other purposes. (Northern Assurance.)

17. An act for conferring further powers on the Tenterden Railway Company with reference to the construction of new railways the abandonment of authorised railways and for other purposes. (Tenterden Railway)

18. An act to extend the time limited for the compulsory purchase of lands authorised to be acquired by the Surrey Commercial Dock Company and for other purposes. (Surrey Commercial Dock.)

19. An act to enable the Urban District Council of the Horsforth Urban District in the West Riding of the County of York to acquire the Undertaking of the Horsforth Waterworks Company and to supply Water to the said District and adjacent places and for other purposes. (Horsforth Urban District Council Waterworks.)

20. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Burley-in-Wharfedale in the township of Burley in the parish of Otley in the West Riding of the County of York to construct and maintain additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Burley-in-Wharfedale Urban District Water.)

21. An act to authorise the Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton Urban District Council to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Nuneaton arnd Chilvers Coton Urban District Council Waterworks.)

22. An act for the abandonment of the Woodhouse and Conisbrough Railway. (Woodhouse and Conisbrough Railway (Abandonment).)

23. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Whitwick and Coalville Gas Company to the Coalville Urban District Council and to authorise that Council. to supply Gas and for other purposes. (Coalville Urban District Gas.)

24. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Glastonbury to construct Waterworks for the supply of the borough and for other purposes. (Glastonbury Water.)

25. An act to authorise the County Council of Flint to raise a further sum of money for the completion of the Queen’s Ferry Bridge. (Queen's Ferry Bridge.)

26. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for the United School District of Swansea in the county of Glamorgan to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Swansea).)

27. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to lands in the parishes of St. Marylebone Lee St. John Horsleydown St. Mary Stratford Bow and St. John at Hackney. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

28. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Manchester Middlesbrough Nelson Southampton and Stafford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

29. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 reducing the number of magistrates and councillors in the Royal Burgh of St. Andrews. (St. Andrews Burgh Order Confirmation.)

30. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Broughty Ferry Gas Supply and Paving. (Broughty Ferry Gas and Paving Order Confirmation.)

31. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Boards for Aberavon Croydon Walthamstow and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Orders Confirmation (Aberavon &c.).)

32. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Merchant Shipping Act 1894 relating to the Llanelly and Burry Pilotage District. (Pilotage Order Confirmation.)

33. An act for legalizing Marriages heretofore solemnized in the Church of Farnley Tyas in the West Riding of York. (Farnley Tyas Marriages Legalization.)

34. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Castleford East Barnet Valley Grays Thurrock Mexborough Sutton Coldfield and Worksop. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

35. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aylesbury Hartlepool Mansfield Wath-upon-Dearne and Winsford. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

36. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Audenshaw Bexley Glossop Rhyl Rugby and Runcorn. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

37. An act to confirm a Scheme relating to Harrow Weald Common in the Parish of Harrow Weald in the County of Middlesex. (Metropolitan Commons (Harrow Weald) Supplemental.)

38. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Brigg to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Brigg Gas Company Limited to the Council and for other purposes. (Brigg Urban District Gas.)

39. An act to amend the Norfolk Estuary Act 1877. (Norfolk Estuary.)

40. An act to extend the limits of supply of and to confer further powers on the Cambridge University and Town Gas Light Company and for other purposes. (Cambridge University and Town Gas.)

41. An act to extend the powers of and amend the Act relating to the St. Alban’s Gas Company and for other purposes. (St. Alban's Gas.)

42. An act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to abandon certain of their authorised works and to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes. (Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock (Various Powers).)

43. An act to authorise the Magistrates and Town Council of Arbroath to borrow additional money in connexion with their Gas Undertaking to amend and repeal certain provisions of the Arbroath Corporation Gas Act 1871 and for other purposes. (Arbroath Corporation Gas.)

44. An act to empower the County Councils of the Administrative Counties of Middlesex and Surrey to raise further moneys for the purposes of the Kew Bridge Act 1898. (Kew Bridge Act 1898 Amendment)

45. An act to extend the time limited by the West Highland Railway Acts 1894 and 1896 for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of the railways authorised by the said Acts and for other purposes. (West Highland Railway.)

46. An act to enable the Crowborough District Water Company to extend their limits of Supply construct Additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Crowborough District Water.)

47. An act to extend the municipal and police boundaries of the Burgh of Dumbarton for sanctioning a guarantee rate upon the owners and occupiers of lands and heritages in the burgh in further security of the interest on a portion of the debt of the Dumbarton Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dumbarton Burgh.)

48. An act to provide for the abandonment of certain authorised railways of the North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway Company and for the vesting of the undertaking of that Company in the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire and Fishguard Railway.)

49. An act to restore to the Presidents Vice-Presidents Treasurer and Governors of the Infant Orphan Asylum a Strip of Land in Epping Forest which has been forfeited by them and become part of the waste of the Forest. (Infant Orphan Asylum.)

50. An act to enable the Governors of the London Hospital to acquire certain Lands and to erect buildings for their Outpatients’ Department and for other purposes. (London Hospital.)

51. An act to authorise the Stockton and Middlesbrough Water Board to construct a new Reservoir and other Works to amend the Acts relating to the supply of Water by the Board to change the Name of the Board and for other purposes. (Tees Valley Waterworks.)

52. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Ilford Gas Company. (Ilford Gas.)

53. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of the County Borough of Birkenhead in relation to Tramways and for other purposes. (Birkenhead Corporation.)

54. An act to provide for the establishment and regulation of a Pension Fund for officers and servants of the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Pensions).)

55. An act for enabling the Friends’ Provident Institution to sue and be sued in the name of a Public Officer for more effectually vesting in their Trustees for the time being the Funds and Property of the Institution for conferring further powers on the Institution as to the Investment of their Funds and for other purposes. (Friends' Provident Institution.)

56. An act to empower the Urban District Council of the Urban District of Skipton to supply gas and to purchase the undertaking of the Skipton Gas Company and for other purposes. (Skipton Urban District Gas.)

57. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Mid-Kent Gaslight and Coke Company. (Mid-Kent Gaslight and Coke.)

58. An act to confer further borrowing powers on the Commissioners of the Burgh of Wishaw for the purposes of their Water Undertaking. (Wishaw Water.)

59. An act to confer further powers upon the Skotley Bridge and Consett District Gas Company. (Shotley Bridge and Consett District Gas.)

60. An act to provide for the constitution of the city and royal burgh of Aberdeen as a county of a eity to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the said city and royal burgh to execute Sewage Works and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Corporation.)

61. An act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to construct new railways and to abandon the construction of portions of railways already authorised for extending the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain railways and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

62. An act to authorise the Rhondda Urban District Council to construct a tramroad and additional, waterworks to extend the periods limited by the Ystradyfodwg Urban District Council (Gas and Water) Act 1896 for the purchase of lands and construction of works and for other purposes. (Rhondda Urban District Council.)

63. An act to exteud the powers of the Hastings and Saint Leonards Gas Company to amend the Acts relating to that Company and for other purposes. (Hastings and Saint Leonards Gas.)

64. An act to empower the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company to widen their Carrickfergus and Larne Branch Railway to construct a pier and embankment or sea road at Whitehead to confirm the purchase by the Company of the Portstewart Tramway to confer further powers upon the Company in connection with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Belfast and Northern Counties Railway.)

65. An act to incorporate the Trustees of the Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Fund and to enlarge the powers vested in such Trustees and for other purposes. (Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Fund Incorporation.)

66. An act for the abolition of the Perpetual Curacy of the Consecrated Chapel called Grosvenor Chapel in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the County and Diocese of London and for vesting the said Chapel in the Rector of the said Parish and for other purposes. (Grosvenor Chapel.)

67. An act to provide for the Sale and Disposal of the Site of the Church of Emmanuel West End Hampstead. (Church of Emmanuel West End Hampstead.)

68. An act for incorporating the Brynmawr and Western Valleys Railway Company and authorising them to construct a Railway in the County of Monmouth and for other purposes. (Brynmawr and Western Valleys Railway.)

69. An act to incorporate and confer powers for the supply of Water upon the Barton-on-Sea Water Company. (Barton-on-Sea Water.)

70. An act to enable the District Committee of the Middle Ward of the county of Lanark to construct additional waterworks and certain railways in connection with their undertaking to confer further powers on the County Council of the county of Lanark with respect to the domestic water rate authorised by the Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water Act 1892 and to enable them to borrow additional money to amend the provisions of the said Act and for other purposes. (Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water.)

71. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh to provide erect and maintain a Municipal Hall to provide increased facilities in connection with their Electric Lighting Undertaking to construct works and Tramways to acquire lands to amend Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation.)

72. An act for supplying with water certain Parishes in the Rural Districts of Wetherby and Tadcaster in the West Riding of the County of York. (Wetherby District Water.)

73. An act to empower the Airdrie and Coatbridge Water Company to abandon certain works authorised, by the Airdrie and Coatbridge Waterworks Amendment Act 1892 and to construct additional waterworks to amend the provisions of that Act to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Airdrie and Coatbridge Waterworks Amendment.)

74. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Gainsborough Gas Company to the Gainsborough Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Gainsborough Urban District Council (Gas).)

75. An act to authorise the Wick and Pulteney Harbours Trustees to construct additional works to amend the Pulteney Harbour Act 1879 and the Wick and Pulteney Harbours Order 1883 and to confer further powers upon the Trustees and for other purposes. (Wick and Pulteney Harbours.)

76. An act to authorise the Dundee Gas Commissioners to construct further works to authorise the widening and improvement of streets and the construction of new Tramways and for other purposes. (Dundee Gas Street Improvements and Tramways.)

77. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the city of Cork to raise additional money to regulate the finances of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Cork Corporation (Finance).)

78. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

79. An act for supplying with Water and Gas the parishes of Fishguard Manorowen and Llanwnda in the county of Pembroke. (Fishguard Water and Gas.)

80. An act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to work the Tramways in the Borough of Bury when acquired by them and to make further and better provision in relation to the local government of the said Borough and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation.)

81. An act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation Water.)

82. An act to confer further powers upon the Barry Railway Company. (Barry Railway.)

83. An act for conferring powers on the Kensington and Knightsbridge Electric Lighting Company Limited and the Notting Hill Electric Lighting Company Limited jointly and severally to acquire lands and to erect and work generating stations and for other purposes. (Kensington and Notting Hill Electric Lighting Companies.)

84. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with respect to the construction of Railways in the County of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (New Railways).)

85. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Various Powers).)

86. An act for supplying with Gas the Parish of Cobham in the County of Surrey and adjacent places. (Cobham Gas.)

87. An act for granting further powers to the Stretford Gas Company. (Stretford Gas.)

88. An act to confer upon the Central Electric Supply Company Limited powers to construct works and supply Electrical Energy and for other purposes. (Central Electric Supply Company's.)

89. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shirebrook and District Gas Company. (Shirebrook and District Gas.)

90. An act to make provision for the more effectual execution of the office of Justice of the Peace in South Staffordshire. (South Staffordshire Stipendiary Justice.)

91. An act to confer further powers upon the Company of Proprietors of the West Middlesex Waterworks with respect to the construction of works the taking of water from the River Thames and the raising of capital and for other purposes. (West Middlesex Waterworks.)

92. An act for supplying with Water the Parish of Church Stretton in the County of Salop. (Church Stretton Water.)

93. An act to enable the St. Neot’s Water Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (St. Neot's Water.)

94. An act to empower the Saint James’ and Pall Mall Electric Light Company Limited to acquire lands and erect Generating Stations and for other purposes. (St. James' and Pall Mall Electric Light Company's.)

95. An act to confer further Powers on the Belfast City and District Water Commissioners. (Belfast Water.)

96. An act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make New Works to acquire additional lands to stop up certain roads or footpaths to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain Railways and for the sale of superfluous lands by the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies Committee to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

97. An act to authorise the Scunthorpe Urban District Council in the County of Lincoln to construct and maintain Gasworks and Waterworks and for other purposes. (Scunthorpe Urban District Gas and Water.)

98. An act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

99. An act to make further provision with respect to the transmission of shares of the Ionian Bank Limited held by shareholders being subjects of the Kingdom of Greece. (Ionian Bank (Limited).)

100. An act to authorise the Trustees of the Harbour of Inverness to construct new Quays and other works and to confer further powers upon the Trustees and upon the Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Inverness and for other purposes. (InvernessHarbour.)

101. An act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to construct additional tramways to make new waterworks and a street improvement and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

102. An act to enlarge the powers of the Taff Vale Railway Company with reference to the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

103. An act for enabling the Transvaal Mortgage Loan and Finance Company Limited to arrange with the holders of their Founders’ Shares for subdividing Shares and creating certain preferences and for other purposes. (Transvaal Mortgage Loan and Finance Company's.)

104. An act to incorporate a Company for the purpose of acquiring the existing Great Yarmouth Britannia Pier and of constructing a new and improved Pier in lieu thereof and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth New Britannia Pier.)

105. An act to extend the borrowing powers of the Urban District Council of the Urban District of Lisburn to enable them to consolidate their debts to create and issue new stock to confer further powers upon them for the better management of the District and for other purposes. (Lisburn Urban District Council.)

106. An act to make further provisions with reference to and to confer further powers on the Undertakers of the Navigation of the Rivers of Aire and Calder in the West Riding of the County of York to amend the Acts relating to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Aire and Calder Navigation.)

107. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon that Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company and upon the Midland and North Eastern Railway Companies Committee and upon the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to authorise agreements between the Midland Lancashire and Yorkshire and Great Northern Railway Companies to confirm an agreement between the Midland and Midland and South Western Junction Railway Companies to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Barnoldswick Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

108. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brentford Bromley (Kent) Chelmsford Heston and Isle worth Ongar (Rural) Reigate (Rural) and Watford (Rural). (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

109. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Durham (Rural) Eastbourne Honiton (Rural) Grimsby Ilfracombe Lichfield (Rural) Ludlow and Rotherharn (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

110. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-in-Makerfield Ashton-under-Lyne Bolton Llandudno Rotherham Southport (two) and York. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

111. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the boroughs of Barnstaple and Halifax and to the counties of East Sussex and Middlesex. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

112. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath (three) Devonport (two) Margate and Oxford and to the Romford and Wallingford and Crowmarsh United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

113. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Croydon (Rural) Jarrow Ramsgate (two) Ripon and4 West Bromwich (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashburton Wallingford and Wokingham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

115. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Brighton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Parishes of Devonport and Saint Mary Newington and to the Greenwich and Wolverhampton Unions. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

117. An act to confirm a Provisional Order by the Secretary for Scotland relating to the Burgh of BorrOwstounness. (Borrowstounness Improvement Order Confirmation.)

118. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bermondsey. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Alloa Dumfries Inverness and Kilmarnock. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ashford (Kent) Bognor Burslem (Extension) Cheltenham (Extension) Durham Haslingden and Ilkeston. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Gorton Heaton Norris Keighley Knutsford Ryde and Walker. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

122. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Cheriton Cromer Erith Famborough Horsham and Teignmouth. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

123. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Clontarf. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 9).)

124. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Broadstairs Christchurch and District Guildford (Extension) Newport (Isle of Wight) Sandown and Shanklin and Westgate and Birchington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 16).)

125. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Leamington Spa. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 18).)

126. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bournemouth (Public Purposes) Eastbourne Hendon and to the extension of the area of supply of the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 19).)

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for Liverpool to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Liverpool).)

128. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Blackpool Lynmouth and Otter Ferry. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

129. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Wicklow Harbour. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

130. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin Belfast Larne and Longford (Rural). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Drogheda Londonderry (Rural) and Tobercurry (Rural). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Waterford and Thurles. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

133. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Order Confirmation.)

134. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Dean’s Grange Joint Burial Board District. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

135. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Camborne Dukinfield Fenton Finchley Shipley and Swinton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

136. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to East Retford Failsworth Pemberton Stourbridge Swinton and Pendlebury and Wednesbury. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

137. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Hey wood Longton Ludlow Mirfield Newcastle-under-Lyme and Rawtenstall. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

138. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Arbroath Hawick Kirkcaldy and Musselburgh. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

139. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Crayford Halesowen Handsworth Lye and Wollescote and Lymington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

140. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bethnal Green Blackheath and Greenwich District (Extension) Lewisham District and Plumstead (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

141. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Carshalton Gateshead Merthyr Tydfil and Newton Abbot. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 17).)

142. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Alton (Hants) Gas Bedworth Gas Elstree and Boreham Wood Gas Limavady Gas and Wellingborough Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No.1).)

143. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Herne Bay Gas Hoylake and West Kirby Gas and Water Tunbridge Gas and York Town and Blackwater Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

144. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Burnham and District Water Harpenden Water Maidstone Water Stourbridge Water and Tilehurst Pangbourne and District Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

145. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bristol Cheltenham Ealing Gelligaer and Rhigos (Rural) Leicester (three) Newmarket Scarborough Tonbridge (Rural) Wallasey and West Ham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Barry Brixworth (Rural) Hambledon (Rural) Manchester Pontypridd Rickmansworth and Swadlincote. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

147. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Luddenden Foot the Ludworth and Mellor the Oakwell and the Portslade and South wick United Districts. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

148. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Itchen Kingston-upon-Hull Ryde and Shifnal (Rural). (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

149. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bournemouth Bradford (Yorks) and Coventry (two). (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

150. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Rhyl. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

151. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Aberdeen Corporation Tramways Devonport Corporation Tramways Halifax Corporation Tramways Matlock Urban District Tramways Perth and District Tramways and Reading Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

152. An act to confirm certain. Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Fleetwood Innellan Montrose and Southwold. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

153. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Corporation Gas Supply. (Paisley Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

154. An act to amend the Leith Harbour and Docks Acts 1875 and 1892 to authorise the letting of ground the construction of additional works the redemption of the annuity to the Corporation of Leith and for other purposes. (Leith Harbour and Docks.)

155. An act to empower the Liverpool Overhead Railway Company to take on lease certain authorised tramways in the districts of Waterloo-with-Seaforth and Great Crosby to authorise the construction of additional tramways and for other purposes. (Liverpool Overhead Railway.)

156. An act to authorise the sale of the Church of All Saints Tyndall Street in the County Borough of Cardiff with the site thereof and the application of the proceeds of sale to the provision of a new church and for other purposes. (All Saints' Church (Cardiff).)

157. An act to authorise the Great Grimsby Street Tramways Company to extend their tramways and for other purposes. (Great Grimsby Street Tramways.)

158. An act for extending the limits of supply of the West Gloucestershire Water Company and for authorising the Company to raise further capital and for other purposes. (West Gloucestershire Water.)

159. An act to confer further powers on the Lowestoft Water and Gas Company in connexion with their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Lowestoft Water and Gas.)

160. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Totland Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Totland Waterworks.)

161. An act to extend the period limited for the construction and completion of the Brighton Marine Palace and Pier and for other purposes. (Brighton Marine Palace and Pier.)

162. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Glasgow in relation to their gas water and electricity undertakings and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation (Gas and Water).)

163. An act to rectify the accounts of the Millwall Dock Company and legalise expenditure of capital and to amend the Acts of the Company relating to the raising of capital. (Millwall Dock.)

164. An act to authorise the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Ayr to construct and work tramways and for making further and better provision in regard to the water supply the common good the cemetery the markets and slaughter houses of the Burgh and for other purposes. (Ayr Burgh.)

165. An act for conferring further powers on the Furness Railway Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Furness Railway.)

166. An act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Glasgow to construct new tramways to establish libraries to extend the boundaries of the City to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation (Tramways Libraries &c.).)

167. An act for empowering the Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the Royal Burgh of Kirkcaldy to construct Tramways and street improvements and for making certain other provisions in relation to the said Burgh and for other purposes. (Kirkcaldy Corporation and Tramways.)

168. An act to provide for the working union of the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies.)

169. An act to authorise the transfer of the undertaking of the Birmingham Electric Supply Company Limited to the Corporation of Birmingham to make further provision as to the Birmingham School of Art and as to the Rubery Hill Lunatic Asylum Loans and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation.)

170. An act for constituting incorporating and conferring powers upon the Conservators of Milton Creek and for other purposes. (Milton Creek Conservancy.)

171. An act for conferring further powers on the Woking Water and Gas Company for the construction of works and for authorising the Company to raise further moneys and for extending their limits for supply of water and for other purposes. (Woking Water and Gas.)

172. An act to make further provision with reference to the employment of pilots in the Port of Liverpool and for Jother purposes. (Mersey Docks (Pilotage &c.).)

173. An act to authorise the use of electrical power on tramways at Greenock Port Glasgow and Gourock and for other purposes. (Greenock and Port Glasgow Tramways.)

174. An act for conferring powers upon the Trustees of the Will of the late James Hood Brooke to acquire Gwyn’s Grounds Londonderry and lay out the same as a public park and for other purposes. (Brooke's Park (Londonderry).)

175. An act to amend the constitution of the Owens College Manchester for conferring further powers on the President and Governors and for other purposes. (Owens College.)

176. An act to authorise the Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock Company to alter the line and levels of portions of their authorised railways and to construct certain new and substituted railways in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Lincoln and East Coast Railway and Dock.)

177. An act for authorizing the construction of a pier at Lowestoft and for other purposes. (Lowestoft Promenade Pier.)

178. An act to confer further powers on the Midland and South Western Junction Railway Company to authorise them to acquire the undertaking of the Marlborough and Grafton Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland and South Western Junction Railway.)

179. An act to enable the Bristol Gas Company to erect works for the storage of gas to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Bristol Gas.)

180. An act to authorise the South Hants Waterworks Company to make additional waterworks to extend the limits of supply of the Company to raise additional capital to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (South Hants Water.)

181. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Goole in the West Riding of the County of York to construct additional waterworks to borrow money for the purposes thereof and of their gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Goole Urban District Council.)

182. An act to empower the Corporation of Great Yarmouth to construct tramways and street improvements to make further provision in regard to the electric lighting undertaking of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Corporation)

183. An act for authorizing the Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Company Limited to prepare and carry into effect a scheme or schemes of arrangement with their shareholders or with any class or classes of shareholders and to increase and consolidate its capital and for other purposes. (Buenos Ayres and Pacific Railway Company (Limited).)

184. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Blackpool to construct further parade works and additional tramways and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the said Borough and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

185. An act to extend the time for the completion of the Central London Railway and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

186. An act to empower the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to construct additional harbour works at Fishguard and a new railway in lieu of their authorised Cork and Fermoy Railway and to authorise the Great Western and Great Southern and Western Railway Companies to subscribe to and guarantee the capital of the said Company and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours.)

187. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested for vesting the undertaking of the Golden Valley Railway Company in the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

188. An act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and with respect to the regulation of street criers sale of ice creams and with reference to milk and other matters affecting the health and good government of the City and to enlarge their powers in connexion with the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation (General Powers).)

189. An act to extend the powers of the Lea Bridge District Gas Company and amend the Acts affecting that i Company and for other purposes. (Lea Bridge District Gas.)

190. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Sunderland to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the Borough and for other purposes. (Sunderland Corporation.)

191. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Mens tone Waterworks Company. (Menstone Waterworks.)

192. An act to enable the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company to make new railways and works to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

193. An act to empower the Corporation of Derby to acquire and work the undertaking of the Derby Tramways Company Limited to confer further powers on the Corporation with reference to the government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Derby Corporation Tramways, &c.)

194. An act for empowering the London United Tramways Limited to widen a certain road at Brentford to use mechanical power on their tramways in London and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

195. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Redditch Gas Company. (Redditch Gas.)

196. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the County Borough of Stockport with respect to tramways and to their electric lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the Borough to amend and extend the provisions of the Local Acts relating to the Borough and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation.)

197. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Loughborough to purchase the undertaking of the Loughborough Gas Company and to supply gas and electricity to extend the water limits of the said Corporation and for other purposes. (Loughborough Corporation.)

198. An act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to create redeemable stock and to enable the Board to raise money temporarily by bills of exchange or promissory notes and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks (Finance).)

199. An act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to maintain certain deviations of their railways and works authorised by the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Act 1894 the Port Talbot Railway and Docks (Ogmore Valleys Extension) Act 1896 and the Port Talbot Railway and Dpcks (South Wales Mineral Railway Junction) Act 1896 and for other purposes. (Port Talbot Railway and Docks.)

200. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Whitehaven with respect to their water and electric lighting undertakings to extend the Borough of Whitehaven to consolidate the rates of the Borough and simplify the collection thereof and for other purposes. (Whitehaven Corporation.)

201. An act to extend and amend the Humber Conservancy Acts 1852 to 1876 and to confer further powers on the Humber Conservancy Commissioners and for other purposes. (Humber Conservancy.)

202. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company. (Great Northern Railway.)

203. An act for incorporating the Great Northern and Strand Railway Company and for empowering them to construct an underground railway from the Parish of Wood Green in the County of Middlesex to the Parish of Saint Clement Danes in the Administrative County of London and for other purposes. (Great Northern and Strand Railway.)

204. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon a Joint Committee of the Great Western and Great Central Railway Companies and for vesting in them certain existing and authorised railways of the Great Western Railway Company and authorising them to construct a new railway and other works and for other purposes. (Great Western and Great Central Railway Companies.)

205. An act to empower the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to widen their existing railways and to purchase additional lands and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Powers).)

206. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies with reference to the construction of new railways and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies (New Lines &c).)

207. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport to purchase the undertaking of the Stockport District Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation Water.)

208. An act to empower the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to supply electricity within certain parts of their limits of gas supply. (Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company's (Electric Lighting).)

209. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Godalming to purchase the undertaking of the Frith Hill Godalming and Farncombe Water Company Limited and to supply water throughout the Borough and adjoining places. (Godalming Corporation Water.)

210. An act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct new railways in the Counties of Warwick Chester Lancaster and Anglesey and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (New Railways).)

211. An act for empowering the Corporation of the City of Sheffield to purchase from the Duke of Norfolk his markets and fairs within the City and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation (Markets).)

212. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised pier and works of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

213. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their joint undertaking and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Additional Powers).)

214. An act to extend the municipal and police boundaries of the Burgh of Renfrew to authorise the construction of a tidal dock or basin and other works at the Harbour and for other purposes. (Renfrew Burgh and Harbour Extension.)

215. An act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to authorise them to deviate certain railways of the North British Railway Company and the Forth and Clyde Junction Railway Company at Stirling to empower the Callander and Oban and Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railway Companies to widen and deviate portions of their railways to enable the Caledonian Railway Company to subscribe to the undertaking of the last-named Company and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway (General Powers).)

216. An act to authorise the Caledonian Railway Company and the Great North of Scotland Railway Company to alter and enlarge their Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station and to construct certain railways and works in connexion therewith and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station.)

217. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Leigh-on-Sea in the County of Essex to construct and maintain gas works and for other purposes. (Leigh-on-Sea Urban District Council.)

218. An act to empower the Urban District Council for the District of Moss Side to work any tramway for the time being belonging to or leased by them and for other purposes. (Moss Side Tramways.)

219. An act to empower the Urban District Council for the District of Stretford to work any tramway for the time being belonging to or leased by them and for other purposes. (Stretford Tramways.)

220. An act to empower the Urban District Council for the District of Withington to work any tramway for the time being belonging to or leased by them and for other purposes. (Withington Tramways.)

221. An act to empower the Weston-super-Mare Clevedon and Portishead Tramways Company to construct light railways in the County of Somerset and for other purposes. (Weston Clevedon and Portishead Light Railways.)

222. An act to alter and amend the Yeadon and Guiseley Gas Act 1868 by substituting for the maximum price of gas supplied by the Yeadon and Guiseley Gas Light and Coke Company a standard price with a sliding scale of profits dependent on the price charged above or below such standard price. (Yeadon and Guiseley Gas.)

223. An act for conferring further powers upon the South Staffordshire Tramways Company with respect to the leasing of tramways and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Tramways.)

224. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Darwen with respect to the working and construction of tramways in the borough to confer further powers on the said Corporation with respect to their waterworks undertaking and in regard to streets buildings sewers and drains and for the health local government and improvement of the Borough to make further provisions for the collection and recovery of rates for the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Darwen Corporation.)

225. An act to make further provision in regard to the water supply of the Borough of Warrington and to improve the local government of that town. (Warrington Corporation.)

226. An act to authorise the re-transfer to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Worcester and to the Worcestershire County Council of the Parish of Yardley in the County of Worcester for police and all other purposes from the Justices of the Peace for the County of Warwick and the Warwickshire County Council and for other purposes. (Worcestershire County Council (Transfer of the Parish of Yardley).)

227. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands for vesting in them the undertakings of the Largs Harbour Company and the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway Company for making provision with reference to the election of Rothesay Harbour Trustees for empowering the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

228. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company to authorise them to execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

229. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company and to authorise that Company to construct new works to raise further money and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Waterworks.)

230. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of additional lands and for transferring to the Company the powers of the North Holderness Light Railway Company and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

231. An act to confer further powers on the North Staffordshire Railway Company. (North Staffordshire Railway.)

232. An act to empower the Wolverhampton Tramways Company Limited to alter the gauge of certain of their tramways and to work the same by mechanical power and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Tramways.)

233. An act to authorise the Corporation of Hastings to enter into agreements with the Hastings Harbour Commissioners to guarantee the payment by the Corporation of interest upon capital for the completion of Hastings Harbour to provide for the transfer of the Harbour undertaking to the Corporation and for other purposes. (Hastings Harbour.)

234. An act to authorise the abandonment of a portion of the Oystermouth Railway or Tramroad for the lease, of the undertaking and of the Mumbles Railway and Pier to the Swansea Improvements and Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Oystermouth Railway or Tramroad.)

235. An act to increase the number of the members of the Council of Bootle to increase the number of the wards of the Borough and to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Bootle Corporation.)

236. An act to amend the enactments relating to markets in the City of Dublin and to the borrowing powers of the Corporation of Dublin and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation (Markets).)

237. An act to enable the London County Council to construct railway sidings at Horton Asylum (Surrey) and to purchase lands for various purposes to extend the time limited for the purchase of certain lands and the completion of certain works and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

238. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

239. An act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct a new tidal dock river wall high level cross ferry recesses and other works to borrow additional money to confirm agreements with railway companies respecting Prince’s Dock Branch Railway and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation.)

240. An act to make further provision for protecting Cromer from encroachment of the sea to authorise the construction of a pier and for other purposes. (Cromer Protection.)

241. An act to empower the Corporation of Oldham to construct additional tramways to make a new street to confer further powers upon the Corporation and other authorities with regard to tramways in and near the Borough and for other purposes. (Oldham Corporation.)

242. An act for enabling the North Eastern Railway Company and the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to make a dock and railways at Hull and for other purposes. (Hull Joint Dock.)

243. An act to confirm an agreement between the Fylde Waterworks Company and the Fylde Water Board for the sale and purchase of the Company’s undertaking to consolidate and amend the Acts relating to the Company and for other purposes. (Fylde Water Board.)

244. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways to make street improvements and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of stock and to make further provisions for the good government of the Borough. (Salford Corporation.)

245. An act to make further provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Corporation of Wakefield and to the health local government and improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Wakefield Corporation.)

246. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Belfast to lay down tramways to make works and to purchase lands for cemetery purposes to amend several of the Local Acts in force in Belfast and to confer various powers on the Corporation. (Belfast Corporation.)

247. An act to confer further powers on the City and Brixton Railway Company for the construction of an extension railway and works in the County of London and for other purposes. (City and Brixton Railway.)

248. An act to enable the Gateshead and District Tramways Company to lay down and maintain additional tramways and works and for other purposes. (Gateshead and District Tramways.)

249. An act to authorise the London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway Company to construct a new railway to connect with the Great Eastern Railway to abandon a portion of their authorised railway and for other purposes. (London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway.)

250. An act for incorporating the West Metropolitan Railway Company and for empowering them to construct railways from the Hammersmith and City Railway in the County of London to Acton in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes. (West Metropolitan Railway.)

251. An act for incorporating the Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway Company and for other purposes. (Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway.)

252. An act to empower the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company to make new railways in the Counties of Worcester and Warwick and for other purposes. (Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway.)

253. An act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company to authorise them to execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

254. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Manchester and neighbouring authorities in respect of tramways within and beyond the City and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

255. An act to empower the Paisley and Barrhead District Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Paisley and Barrhead District Railway.)

256. An act to consolidate the Parishes within the County Borough of Portsmouth and to confer further powers on the Corporation of Portsmouth and for other purposes. (Portsmouth Corporation.)

257. An act to make new provisions with regard to the constitution and to change the name of the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal to fix and regulate the capital and borrowing powers of the Company to amend the Acts relating to and confer further powers on the Company and for other purposes. (Rochdale Canal.)

258. An act to authorise the construction of a tramroad in and near to Southport and for other purposes. (Southport District Tramroad.)

259. An act to empower the Corporation of Wolverhampton to construct tramways and street improvements and to make further provision in regard to tramways in and in the neighbourhood of Wolverhampton and in regard to the electric lighting and water undertakings of the Corporation and the finance of the Borough and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Corporation.)

260. An act for extending the limits of the Borough of Workington and for making further and better provision in regard to the water supply thereof. (Workington Corporation.)

261. An act for incorporating the North West London Railway Company and for empowering them to construct underground railways from Marble Arch to Cricklewood and for other purposes. (North West London Railway.)

262. An act to confer further powers on the Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway Company for the construction of extension railways and works in the County of London and for other purposes. (Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railway (Extensions).)

263. An act to empower the Corporation of Leeds to extend their Kirkgate Market to erect a hall to construct street works and a tramway and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation.)

264. An act to confer further powers on the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company for authorising agreements with the Midland South Eastern and London and North Western Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

265. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct additional tramways street improvements and other works and to make further provision for the good government of the City and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Tramways and Improvement.)

266. An act to empower the London County Council to make a new street from Holborn to the Strand and a widening of Southampton Row to widen High Street Kensington and to make other street improvements and works in the administrative County of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (Improvements).)

267. An act to empower the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway Company to make certain extensions to connect their authorised railway with the Metropolitan Railway and for other purposes. (Harrow and Uxbridge Railway.)

268. An act to authorise the Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway Company to abandon portions of their undertaking and to construct a new or substituted railway in lieu thereof and for other purposes. (Uxbridge and Rickmansworth Railway.)

269. An act to authorise the construction of works for impounding and distributing the waters of the Rivers Derwent and Ashop and their tributaries and to constitute a joint board representative of the Corporations of Derby Leicester Nottingham and Sheffield and of the County Council of Derbyshire for the purposes of such construction and to confer further powers in relation to the supply of water on the said Corporations and County Council and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

270. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford in the County of York to construct additional tramways in and near the City to purchase Baildon Moor and other lands to make further provision for the improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Bradford Tramways and Improvement.)

271. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Farnham Gas Freshwater Gas Morecambe Gas and Newtown and Llanllwchaiam Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

272. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Isle of Thanet (Rural) Ramsgate and Reading. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

273. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Audenshaw Urban District Tramways Clayton Tramways Ecdes Corporation Tramways Ilkeston Corporation Tramways Queensbury Tramway and Southport Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

274. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Barking Town Urban District Tramways Blackpool Corporation Tramways Dudley and Wolverhampton Tramways Gravesend Rosherville and Northfleet Tramways Ilford Urban District Tramways and Wrexham District Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

275. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to the City of London. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 20).)

276. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1893 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

277. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the several Charities founded by the Settlement and Will of Christopher Tancred of Whixley in the County of York Esquire deceased. (Tancred's Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

