Local Acts passed in 1900, 63 & 64 Victoria c.1-291.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 38.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Lands Provisional Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to increase the limit of the Note issue of the Colonial Bank and for other purposes. (Colonial Bank.)

3. An act to explain vary or alter the Deed of Settlement of the Universal Life Assurance Society and for other purposes. (Universal Life Assurance Society's.)

4. An act for regulating the rating of Pontefract Park in the west riding of the County of York in respect of poor rates and for other purposes. (Pontefract Park (Poor Rate).)

5. An act to amend the City and South London Railway Acts 1893 and 1898. (City and South London Railway.)

6. An act to enable the Cheshire Lines Committee to make a new railway to acquire additional lands to stop up certain streets and for other purposes. (Cheshire Lines.)

7. An act to confer further powers on the Scottish Widows’ Fund and Life Assurance Society and the Directors thereof to amend the Acts relating to the Society and for other purposes. (Scottish Widows’ Fund and Life Assurance Society’s.)

8. An act to confer further powers upon the Redhill Gas Company and for other purposes. (Redhill Gas.)

9. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Rugeley Gas Company and for other purposes. (Rugeley Gas.)

10. An act to extend the powers of the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

11. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Alexander Imschenetzky for an Invention for manufacture of fireproof and insulating compounds known as Uralite. (Uralite Patent.)

12. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Kingston-upon-Thames and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Thames Corporation.)

13. An act to authorise the Newport (Monmouthshire) Gas Company to extend their limits for the supply of gas to consolidate and increase their capital and for other purposes. (Newport (Monmouthshire) Gas.)

14. An act to confer further powers on the Grantham Gas Company and for other purposes. (Grantham Gas.)

15. An act to authorise the Kingston-upon-Thames Gas Company to raise additional capital convert their existing capital acquire lands amend their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Thames Gas.)

16. An act to confer further powers upon the Southampton Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Southampton Harbour.)

17. An act to enable the Wetherby District Water Company to extend their limits of supply construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Wetherby District Water.)

18. An act for authorizing the Army and Navy Investment Trust Company Limited to prepare and cany into effect a Scheme or Schemes of Arrangement with its stockholders or with the holders of either class of stock and to reduce its capital and for other purposes. (Army and Navy Investment Trust Company (Limited).)

19. An act to transfer all the property and liabilities of Mason University College in the city of Birmingham to the University of Birmingham and to repeal the Mason University College Act 1897 to confer certain powers on the said University and for other purposes. (Birmingham University.)

20. An act to alter the capital of the New Russia Company Limited and for other purposes. (New Russia Company.)

21. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by One of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to lands in the parishes of St. Mary Stratford Bow East Molesey and Clerkenwell. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

22. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Brierley Hill Cleethorpes-with-Thrunscoe Elland Exmouth Newark Penzance Prestwich Redcar Sowerby Bridge and Whitefield. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

23. An act to confirm the issue by the Rbymney Iron Company Limited of certain shares credited as partly paid up. (Rhymney Iron Company's.)

24. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Melvin Batchlor Church for the manufacture of an improved compound for coating and decorating walls and other surfaces and for the production of casts or mouldings and for analogous purposes. (Church's Patent.)

25. An act to enable the Urban District Council of Otley to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Otley Urban Distinct Council (Waterworks).)

26. An act to empower the Cork Bandon and South Coast Railway Company to stop up certain level crossings and substitute bridges to divert and alter certain roads to construct an aerial ropeway to acquire additional lands to consolidate their debenture stocks and amend their Act of 1888 as to the consolidation of preference stocks to subscribe to the Bantry Bay Steamship Company Limited to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Cork Bandon and South Coast Railway.)

27. An act for supplying with water the borough of Higham Ferrers and certain parishes and places adjacent thereto in the county of Northampton. (Higham Ferrers Water.)

28. An act to convert the capital of the Cleethorpes Gas Company to raise additional capital to construct works and for other purposes. (Cleethorpes Gas.)

29. An act to further amend the Acts relating to the harbour of Dundee and for other purposes. (Dundee Harbour (Amendment).)

30. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Various Powers).)

31. An act for empowering the Governments Stock and other Securities Investment Company Limited to increase the dividend upon its Preferred Ordinary Stock and to amend the Governments Stock Investment Company Limited Act 1887. (Governments Stock and other Securities Investment Company Limited.)

32. An act for the granting of further powers to the Southport Waterworks Company. (Southport Water.)

33. An act to extend the periods limited for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of the harbour works to enable the Commissioners to borrow further money and for other purposes. (Hastings Harbour.)

34. An act to amend the Maidenhead Gas Act 1876 and to confer further powers upon the Maidenhead Gas Company. (Maidenhead Gas.)

35. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Glastonbury to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Glastonbury Gas and Coke Company Limited to the Corporation and for other purposes. (Glastonbury Corporation Gas.)

36. An act to enable the Manchester Ship Canal Company to acquire the Manchester Racecourse and other lands and to construct a new dock railway and works to establish a thrift fund for their officers and servants and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

37. An act to amend the Central London Railway Act 1891 with reference to cheap fares for labouring classes. (Central London Railway.)

38. An act to constitute an Inebriates Acts Board for the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Lancashire Inebriates Acts Board.)

39. An act for empowering the Dorking Water Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Dorking Water.)

40. An act to enable the Fishguard Water and Gas Company to extend their limits of supply to construct additional waterworks and gasworks to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (North Pembrokeshire Water and Gas.)

41. An act to authorise the Rural District Council of Wharfedale to purchase the undertaking of the Menstone Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Menstone Waterworks (Transfer).)

42. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Newport for the construction of a bridge over the River Usk and of tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

43. An act to empower the Urban District Council of the Urban District of Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn to supply gas and to purchase the undertaking of the Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Newtown and Llanllwchaiarn Urban District Gas.)

44. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Cowes to construct a pier and other works to borrow moneys therefor and for other purposes. (Cowes Pier.)

45. An act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways and other works to acquire additional lands to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain railways and for the sale of superfluous lands to raise additional capital to define and regulate the existing capital of the Company to confer further powers upon the Wrexham Mold and Connah’s Quay Railway Company the Liverpool St. Helens and South Lancashire Railway Company and the Nottingham Joint Station Committee and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

46. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Basingstoke Erdington Famham Felixstowe and Walton Leek Littleborough Maryport Nantwich Ormskirk and Penrith. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

47. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Allerton Much Woolton Little Woolton and Childwall Barnet Barnstaple Birkenhead (Extension) Bonchurch Boston Brierfield Egremont Hyde and Sudbury. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

48. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bredbury and Romiley Bridlington Cheadle and Gatley Hebburn Kendal Long Eaton Lythnm Ormesby Sleaford and Tunstall (with Goldenhill and Chell). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

49. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bishop Auckland Caterham (with Warlingham) Cowpen Grantham Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton Ogmore Valley Redruth St. Helen’s (Isle of Wight) South Blyth and Weybridge. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

50. An act to confirm a Scheme relating to Petersham Common in the Parish of Petersham and Borough of Richmond in the County of Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons (Petersham) Supplemental.)

51. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Town of Westport. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

52. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Town of Skibbereen. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

53. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dewsbury Llandudno Macclesfield Manchester Newton in Mackerfield and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

54. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Buralem the Chesterfield Gas and Water Board District Colne Fenton and Kendal. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

55. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnsley (Rural) Featherstone Hambledon (Rural) Lutterworth (Rural) Orsett (Rural) St. Helens Wigan and the Wirral Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

56. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ilkeston and Rothwell (Northampton). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

57. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 to increase the number of Magistrates in the Burgh of Leith. (Leith Burgh Order Confirmation.)

58. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Hoy lake and West Kirby Gas and Water Manningtree and Mistley (Essex) Gas South Elmsall South Kirkby and North Elmsall Gas and Steyning and District Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

59. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Education Department under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1899 to enable the School Boards for Brighton and Preston United District Liverpool Plymouth Salford and Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Brighton and Preston United District, &c.).)

60. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Eastbourne Ilfracombe Lowestoft and Portessie. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

61. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Great Berkhampstead Waterworks Company. (Great Berkhampstead Waterworks.)

62. An act to authorise the Commissioners of the Burgh of Motherwell to provide an additional water supply to the burgh and to make and maintain new and additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Motherwell Water (Additional Supply).)

63. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Morecambe Gas and Light Company to the Morecambe Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Morecambe Urban District Council (Gas).)

64. An act to make new provisions with respect to the governing body of the Schools of King Edward the Sixth in Birmingham and with respect to the management of the schools property and revenues under their control and to confer further powers on the said governing body and for other purposes. (Birmingham (King Edward the Sixth) Schools).)

65. An act to authorise the sale of the undertaking of the Ossett Gas Company to the Corporation of Ossett and to empower the Corporation to supply gas within the Borough of Ossett and places adjacent thereto. (Ossett Corporation Gas.)

66. An act to extend the boundaries of the Borough of Southport to authorise the construction of tramways and to confer further powers on the Corporation with respect to the supply of gas and electricity and for other purposes. (Southport Extension and Tramways.)

67. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport to construct tramways in the borough and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation Tramways.)

68. An act to amend in certain respects the Acts relating to the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour.)

69. An act to authorise the Paignton Urban District Council to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Paignton Urban District Water.)

70. An act for enabling the Brewery and Commercial Investment Trust Limited to arrange for the extinction of its Founders Shares for issuing shares in satisfaction of such shares for subdividing the stock of the Company and creating certain preferences and for other purposes. (Brewery and Commercial Investment Trust Limited Conversion of Shares.)

71. An act to extend the powers of the Bristol Waterworks Company for the protection of the purity of their waters. (Bristol Waterworks.)

72. An act to remove doubts as to the investment of moneys belonging to the Life Fund of the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited in the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Commercial Union Assurance Company (Limited).)

73. An act to confer further powers upon the Milford Docks Company and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

74. An act to amend the provisions of the Local Acts and Orders in force in the City of Birmingham which relate to Birmingham Corporation Stock and to make further and better provisions with respect to the borrowing of money by the Corporation of Birmingham. (Birmingham Corporation (Stock).)

75. An act for empowering the Scottish American Investment Company Limited to create a preference stock and for other purposes relating thereto. (Scottish American Investment Company Limited.)

76. An act to confer further powers on the Bedford Gas light Company. (Bedford Gas.)

77. An act to confer upon the Neath Harbour Commissioners further powers for the improvement of the Harbour to reduce and regulate the indebtedness and borrowing powers of the Commissioners and for other purposes. (Neath Harbour.)

78. An act to confer further powers upon the Taff Vale Railway Company with reference to the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

79. An act to confer powers upon the Urban District Council of Hoylake and West Kirby for the construction of a parade new streets pier and other works to authorise the inclosure of the Great Meols Common and for other purposes. (Hoylake and West Kirby Improvement.)

80. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the city of Wakefield to purchase the undertaking of the Wakefield Borough Market Company and to make further provision in regard to the markets and slaughter-houses of the said city and for other purposes. (Wakefield Corporation Market.)

81. An act for empowering the British Gas Light Company Limited to erect new works and to expend further capital at their Staffordshire Potteries Station. (British Gas Light Company Limited (Staffordshire Potteries).)

82. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands for extending the powers of the Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway Company for the compulsory purchase of lands for empowering the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

83. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Railway Company in reference to their own undertaking and the undertakings of other Companies in which they are interested and for other purposes. (South Eastern Railway.)

84. An act to amend the Hamilton Burgh Act 1878 and for other purposes. (Hamilton Burgh.)

85. An act to enable the North Warwickshire Water Company to extend their limits of supply to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (North Warwickshire Water.)

86. An act to authorise the construction of a bridge across the River Mersey and Manchester Ship Canal between Widnes and Runcorn and for other purposes. (Widnes and Runcorn Bridge.)

87. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the City of Lincoln with respect to tramways and to authorise the Corporation to construct new tramways and to work Tramways within and without the City and to borrow money and for other purposes. (Lincoln Corporation (Tramways, &c.).)

88. An act to empower the City of London Electric Lighting Company Limited to acquire lands and work generating stations and for other purposes. (City of London Electric Lighting.)

89. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

90. An act for incorporating the Woodbridge District Water Company and empowering them to construct works and supply water and for other purposes. (Woodbridge District Water.)

91. An act to authorise the Wirral Railway Company to work the traffic on their railways by electrical or other motive power and for other purposes. (Wirral Railway.)

92. An act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to construct a branch railway bridges and other works in connexion with their undertaking and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Sheffield District Railway,)

93. An act to empower the Eastern District Committee of the County Council of the County of Stirling to construct waterworks and to supply water within their district to authorise the County Council of the County of Stirling to acquire lands and servitudes for the purposes of such water supply to authorise and require the said County Council to levy assessments and to borrow money and for other purposes. (East Stirlingshire Water.)

94. An act to consolidate and convert the capital of the Hartlepool Gas and Water Company and to enable that Company to raise additional moneys and for other purposes. (Hartlepool Gas and Water.)

95. An act for the abandonment of the Latimer Road and Acton Railway. (Latimer Road and Acton Railway.)

96. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Mountain Ash to construct additional waterworks and gasworks and for other purposes. (Mountain Ash Water and Gas.)

97. An act to incorporate the Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and for other purposes. (Airdrie and Coatbridge Tramways.)

98. An act to constitute and incorporate a Water Trust for the Burghs of Coatbridge and Airdrie and the districts adjacent thereto in the County of Lanark to transfer to and vest in such Trust the undertaking of the Airdrie and Coatbridge Water Company and for other purposes. (Airdrie Coatbridge and District Water Trust.)

99. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Brighton to construct and work tramways to erect electric generating stations and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

100. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Reading with respect to the construction and working of tramways in the borough and for other purposes. (Reading Corporation (Tramways).)

101. An act for conferring further powers on the Wolverhampton Gas Company. (Wolverhampton Gas.)

102. An act to extend the period for the purchase of lands and for the construction of the authorised railway and to work the traffic thereon by electrical or other motive power and for other purposes. (Vale of Rheidol Light Railway.)

103. An act for enlarging the powers of the Commissioners of the Port and Haven of Great Yarmouth and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Port and Haven.)

104. An act to empower the District Lunacy Board for the Edinburgh Lunacy District to construct railways waterworks sewerage and other works in the County of Linlithgow to acquire lands for protection of their water supply and for other purposes. (Edinburgh District Lunacy Board.)

105. An act to enable the Cork Electric Tramways and Lighting Company Limited to extend their tramways to Blackrock and for other purposes. (Cork Electric Tramways (Extension).)

106. An act to empower the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to construct additional harbour works at Rosslare and alterations of portions; of their authorised railways and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours.)

107. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Spalding to purchase the undertaking of the Spalding Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Spalding Water.)

108. An act to authorise the Magistrates and Town Council of the Burgh of Falkirk to construct new gasworks and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers on the Magistrates and Council in relation to their gas undertaking to extend the municipal and police boundaries of the Burgh and for other purposes. (Falkirk Corporation Gas and Burgh Extension)

109. An act to enable the Rhymney Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Rhymney Railway.)

110. An act to authorise the Great Eastern Railway Company to make further railways widenings and works to confirm an agreement between the Company and the Hertford County Council and the Epping Rural District Council and other parties and to authorise the Company and the said County Council and District Council to construct roads in accordance therewith to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of part of an authorised railway to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

111. An act for the Amalgamation of the undertakings of the London and St. Katherine Docks Company and the East and West India Dock Company and for other purposes. (London and India Docks Amalgamation.)

112. An act to authorise the Saint Alban’s Waterworks Company to acquire further lands and to raise further moneys and to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (Saint Alban's Waterworks.)

113. An act to divide the separate undertaking authorised by the Donegal Railway Act 1896 into two separate undertakings to extend the time for the purchase of lands and completion of works by that Act authorised to provide for the granting of rebates in favour of the railway from Donegal to Ballyshannon to release the County Council of the County of Donegal from their liability under the West Donegal Light Railway Order and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

114. An act to empower the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to construct a pier at Valencia to abstract water from the River Suir and lay pipes to their Thurles Station to acquire additional lands to vest in the Company the undertaking of the Mitchelstown and Fermoy Light Railway Company to subscribe further sums to the Southern Hotels (Limited) to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

115. An act to continue the powers for the making of and to extend the time limited for the completion of certain works authorised by the Bray Township Act 1890 namely the Promenade Pier and landing stage thereby authorised; and for other purposes. (Bray Urban District Council (Extension of Time).)

116. An act for defining and extending the limits of supply of the Westgate and Birchington Water Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Westgate and Birchington Water.)

117. An act to alter the constitution and amend and extend the statutory powers of the Lee Conservancy Board. (Lee Conservancy.)

118. An act to consolidate the Debenture Stocks of the North Metropolitan Railway and Canal Company to amend in certain respects the Acts relating to the Company to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Regent's Canal and Dock.)

119. An act to authorise the South Staffordshire Tramways Company to sell and transfer portions of their undertaking to local authorities to confirm a lease of their undertaking to the South Staffordshire Tramways (Lessee) Company Limited to rearrange their capital and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Tramways.)

120. An act to provide an additional supply of water to the Burgh of Falkirk and districts and places adjacent and for the construction and maintenance of new and additional works lo extend the limits of compulsory supply to confer further powers on the Falkirk and Larbert Water Trustees and for other purposes. (Falkirk and District Waterworks.)

121. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Hamilton Motherwell and Wishaw Tramways Company and for other purposes. (Hamilton Motherwell and Wishaw Tramways.)

122. An act to empower the British Electric Traction Company Limited to construct tramroads in the County of Northampton and for other purposes. (Wellingborough and District Tramroads.)

123. An act to empower the Urban District Council for the District of Aston Manor in the County of Warwick to construct tramways and to confer various powers relating to tramways upon that District Council. (Aston Manor Tramways.)

124. An act to authorise the Exmouth Urban District Council to purchase the undertaking of the Exmouth and District Waterworks Company and to supply water within their district and the parish of East Budleigh and for other purposes. (Exmouth Urban District Water.)

125. An act for supplying with water the Parish of Llanllyfni being part of the Rural District of Gwyrfai in the County of Carnarvon. (Gwyrfai District Water.)

126. An act to extend the time limited by the Dearne Valley Railway Act 1897 for the compulsory purchase of lands for and the completion of certain of the works thereby authorised to authorise the Dearne Valley Railway Company to abandon certain of their authorised works and to construct further works and for other purposes. (Dearne Valley Railway.)

127. An act to confer further powers on the Whitechapel and Bow Railway Company and for other purposes. (Whitechapel and Bow Railway.)

128. An act for reorganising the capital of the G. H. Hammond Company Limited and enabling that Company to redeem and convert its debentures and income stock. (G. H. Hammond Company (Limited).)

129. An act to reduce the capital and extend the powers of the London and San Francisco Bank Limited and for other purposes. (London and San Fmncisco Bank Limited.)

130. An act to authorise the Belfast and County Down Railway Company to construct a railway from Newcastle to join the railway of the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) at Castlewellan to run over and use a portion of the railway of that Company to confer further powers upon the Company with reference to steam vessels and further powers in connexion with their undertaking and for other purposes. (Belfast and County Down Railway.)

131. An act to enable the Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Walker and Wallsend Union Gas Company’s (Electricity Capital).)

132. An act to empower the Corporation of Nottingham to make certain street improvements and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

133. An act to extend the boundaries of the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh and County of the City of Edinburgh to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Council of the City to purchase and acquire lands at Saughton to erect and maintain a tramway power station at Portobello to construct works and tramways to acquire lands to amend Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation.)

134. An act to authorise the working of the Mersey Railway and railways connected therewith by electricity to regulate the capital of the Mersey Railway Company and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

135. An act to empower the Rawmarsh Urban District Council to construct and work tramways and to make street improvements and for other purposes. (Rawmarsh Urban District Council (Tramways).)

136. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Grimsby Street Tramways Company with respect to the construction and working of tramways in the Borough of Grimsby and for other purposes. (Great Grimsby Street Tramways.)

137. An act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of the Margate Pier and Harbour to construct works to raise additional capital and for other purposes relating to the undertaking of the Company. (Margate Pier and Harbour.)

138. An act to provide for the vesting of the railways and other property of the Great Indian Peninsula Railway Company in the Secretary of State in Council of India and for other purposes. (Great Indian Peninsula Railway Purchase.)

139. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company. (Great Northern Railway.)

140. An act to incorporate the Hastings Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works in the County Borough of Hastings and for other purposes. (Hastings Tramways.)

141. An act to authorise the Company of Proprietors of Lambeth Waterworks to execute further works to purchase additional lands to take further water from the River Thames and to raise further money and for other purposes. (Lambeth Waterworks.)

142. An act to confer further powers on the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway Company. (Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway.)

143. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon the Midland and North Eastern Railway Companies Committee and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to empower the Midland Railway Company , to subscribe towards the undertaking of the Yorkshire Dales Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

144. An act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the respective Boroughs of Bury Haslingden and Rawtenstall and the Urban Districts of Radcliffe Ramsbottom Little Lever Whitefield and Tottington and the Rural District of Bury all in the County Palatine of Lancaster and to transfer to and vest in such Board the water undertaking of the Bury Corporation and for other purposes. (Bury and District Water (Transfer).)

145. An act to alter the numbers and boundaries of the wards of the Borough of Preston and to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said borough to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Preston Corporation.)

146. An act to confer further powers on the London Sea Water Supply Company. (London Sea Water Supply.)

147. An act for conferring further powers on the South Eastern Metropolitan Tramways Company for using mechanical power on their tramways and for other purposes. (South Eastern Metropolitan Tramways.)

148. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Portland to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of Sir Richard Nicholas Howard as successor of the Portland Gas Light and Coke and Coal Company Limited to the Council and to make further provision in regard to the finance of the said district and for other purposes. (Portland Urban District (Gas, &c.).)

149. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Burnley and neighbouring authorities with respect to tramways and street improvements within and beyond the borough and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation.)

150. An act to amend and extend the provisions of the Glasgow Police Acts 1866 to 1899 relating to streets sewers and buildings. (Glasgow Building Regulations.)

151. An act for making and maintaining railways in the County of Lanark to be called the Motherwell and Bellshill Railway and for other purposes. (Motherwell and Bellshill Railway.)

152. An act to empower the North Eastern Railway Company to own and use vessels for the conveyance of traffic between Hull and Rotterdam Amsterdam and Harlingen and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway (Steam Vessels).)

153. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Rotherham in regard to tramways street improvements water and gas supply and the local government of the Borough. (Rotherham Corporation.)

154. An act to empower the Glyncorrwg Urban District Council to supply gas and to provide tor the transfer to them of the part of the undertaking of the Liynvi Valley Gas Company situate in their district and for other purposes. (Glyncorrwg Urban District Council Gas.)

104. An act to empower the Corporation of Barnsley to make deviations in constructing the lines of pipes authorised by the Barnsley Corporation (Water) Act 1896 to transfer to them certain powei-s works and obligations granted or transferred to the Corporation of Sheffield by the Sheffield Corporation Water Act 1896 and to extend the periods for the taking of lands and for the construction of works and for other purposes. (Barnsley Corporation (Water).)

156. An act to confer further powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company for making works and acquiring lands and raising and applying capital moneys and other matters relating to their several undertakings and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway.)

157. An act to confer upon the Corporation of Ramsgate further powers with reference to the local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Ramsgate Corporation.)

158. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of South Shields for the construction of street works and improvements and for other purposes. (South Shields Corporation.)

159. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen to construct additional tramways and to make certain street improvements in connexion therewith and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Corporation Tramways)

160. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North-Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in respect of their undertaking for vesting the undertakings of the Staines and West Drayton and the Birmingham and Henley-in-Arden Railway Companies in the Great Western Railway Company for transferring to that Company the powers of the Birmingham North Warwickshire and Stratford-upon-Avon Railway Company and extending the time for the construction of certain authorised railways of that Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

161. An act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company and to authorise them to execute further works to acquire additional lands and to raise further money and to vary in certain respects the provisions of the South Western Railway Act 1899 and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

162. An act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to alter the provisions as to the standard price and illuminating power of the gas supplied by the Company to construct a railway in the parish of Greenwich and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

163. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of additional lands and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of the Leeds New Station and for vesting in the Company the Londonderry (Seaham to Sunderland) Railway the Cawood Wistow and Selby Light Railway and the Merrybent and Darlington Railway and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

164. An act to provide for the conversion of the capital stocks of the Crystal Palace Company into shares and to empower them to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Crystal Palace Company's.)

165. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to John Pearce Roe for an Invention for improvements in apparatus for shipping or transferring coal and other materials. (Roe's Patent.)

166. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barmouth Brecon Clacton Cleckheaton Hythe Liversedge Llandilo Ramsgate Romford and Sandgate. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

167. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Berwick-upon-Tweed Harrow-ou-the-Hill Malton the extension of the area of supply of the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited) Newhaven Seaford Thirsk Totnes Witney and Woking. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

168. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Broughty Ferry Dunblane and Wormit and Wood-haven. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

169. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barnard Castle Cheltenham (Extension) Freshwater and Totland District the Extension of the Area of Supply under the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Lighting Order 1893 to Gosforth Jarrow Llanrwst Pwllheli Royal Leamington Spa Twickenham and Wallington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

170. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Banbury Dartmouth Gosport and Alverstoke Heston and Isleworth Sevenoaks Sheerness Spennymoor Staines Egham and Chertsey Stamford Uxbridge and District and Wellingborough. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

171. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Abergele Gas Irthlingborough Gas Littlehampton Gas Lymington Gas Mablethorpe and Sutton Gas and Romford Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

172. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Wath-upon-Dearne and District Gas, (Gas Order Confirmation (No3).)

173. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to East Surrey Water Hayling Water Maidenhead Water Sevenoaks Water South-West Suburban Water and Tonbridge Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

174. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Accrington Chipping Norton Gosport and Alverstoke Kingswinford (Rural) Newport Pagnell and Wirral (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

175. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergele and Pensara Bradford-on-Avon Dorking (Rural) Haworth Henley (Rural) Hove Manchester and Wokingham (Rural). (Local ment Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

176. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Atherton Barmouth Clitheroe Leicester Stafford and Teignmouth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

177. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cuckfield (Rural) Leigh Milford Haven and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

178. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burton-upon-Trent Dorchester the Parts of Kesteven Warrington and Winchester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

179. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Harrogate Heywood Ripon Rochdale and Tunbridge Wells. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

180. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barrow-upon-Soar (Rural) Bootle and Ongar (Rural) and the Doncaster and Mexborough and the Shepley and Shelley United Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

181. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Lancaster Ossett and Wakefield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

182. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Bury Leyton Shipley and Sunderland. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

183. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Gloucester Northampton and Torquay and to the Walton-upon-Trent Bridge in the Counties of Derby and Stafford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

184. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Hursley Union and the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders (Poor Law).)

185. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Bath. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

186. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parishes of St. James and St. John Clei; kenwell and St. Andrew Holborn in the County of London. (London (Clerkenwell and Holborn) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

187. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parishes of Poplar and Bromley-by-Bow in the County of London. (London (Poplar) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

188. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parish of St. Luke in the County of London. (London (St. Luke) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

189. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for improving certain Areas situated in the Parish of St. George the Martyr Southwark in the County of London. (London (Southwark) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

190. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Clones Londonderry Monaghan Pembroke Rathmines and Rathgar and Wicklow and the Rural Districts of Dungarvan and Rathdrum. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

191. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Navan and the Towns of Boyle and Newbridge. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

192. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Bray. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

193. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ayr Bridlington Felixstowe and Penryn. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

194. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Perth and Paisley. (Perth and Paisley Gas Orders Confirmation.)

195. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Accrington and Church Outfall Sewerage District and to Acton Chester (Rural) Reigate Weymouth (Rural) and Wigan (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

196. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Birmingham Tame and Rea Main Sewerage District and to Leeds and Wolverhampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 15).)

197. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1899 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

198. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bredbury and Romiley Urban District Council Tramways Huddersfield Corporation Tramways Hurst Urban District Council Tramways Kearsley Urban District Council Tramways Prestwich Urban District Council Tramways Reddish Urban District Council Tramways and Wigan Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

199. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bedford Corporation Tramways Bootle Corporation Tramways Radcliffe Urban District Council Tramways St. Helens Corporation Tramways and Warwick Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

200. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Batley Corporation Tramways Camborne and Redruth Tramway East Ham Urban District Council Tramways Hull Corporation Tramways Middleton Corporation Tramways Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways and Southampton Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

201. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Corporation Tramways Garston Tramway Gorton Urban District Council Tramways Plymouth Corporation Tramways Taunton Tramways and Warrington Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

202. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of Her Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State for the Improvement of a certain Area situated in the Parish of St. Marylebone in the County of London. (London (St. Marylebone) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

203. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Waterworks. (Paisley Waterworks Provisional Order Confirmation.)

204. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Secretary for Scotland under Part I. of the Housing of the Working Classes Act 1890 relating to the City and Royal Burgh of Edinburgh. (Edinburgh Improvement Scheme Provisional Order Confirmation.)

205. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin and Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

206. An act to enable Her Majesty’s Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Bristol Ilford Sheffield and Southampton for the Public Service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

207. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Battersea Limehouse Mile End Old Town and St George-in-the-East. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

208. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bournemouth Corporation Tramways Houghton-le-Spring and District Tramways Liverpool Corporation Tramways Extensions Portsmouth Corporation Tramways Rothesay Tramways Weston-super-Mare Tramways and Whitefield Urban District Council Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

209. An act to authorise the North British Railway Company to construct certain new railways widenings and other works to confer further powers upon the Company and upon other Companies in connexion with their respective undertakings to amalgamate the Aberlady Gullane and North Berwick Railway Company the Newport Railway Company and the Eyemouth Railway Company with the Company to transfer to and vest in the Company the undertaking of the Borrowstounness Harbour Commissioners to enable the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to borrow and the Company to advance them further money to authorise the Company to enter into working and other agreements with the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (North British Railway (General Powers).)

210. An act for authorizing the Costa Rica Railway Company Limited to borrow further moneys and to make provision in reference thereto and for other purposes. (Costa Rica Railway Company Limited)

211. An act to authorise the Blackpool St. Anne’s and Lytham Tramways Company Limited to construct tramways in substitution for their existing tramways in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for other purposes. (Blackpool St. Anne's and Lytham Tramways)

212. An act to authorise the East London Waterworks Company to construct additional storage reservoirs and other works to take further water from the River Thames in cases of exceptional drought and other emergency to raise further money and for other purposes. (East London Waterworks.)

213. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ilfracombe in the County of Devon to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district and the parishes of Berrynarbor Combe Martin and Morthoe and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Ilfracombe Improvement.)

214. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company for the construction of works and acquisition of lands in Wales and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway (Wales).)

215. An act for empowering the London and North Western Railway Company to construct works and for conferring further powers upon that Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Western Railway Company and the Great Central Railway Company in relation to their joint undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

216. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

217. An act to amend and extend the Memorandum of Association of the Buenos Ayres and Rosario Railway Company Limited with reference to the acquisition of railways and for other purposes. (Buenos Ayres and Rosario Railway.)

218. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Ipswich to construct tramways and street improvements and for other purposes. (Ipswich Corporation (Tramways, &c.).)

219. An act to empower the London County Council to make a tunnel or subway under the River Thames between Rotherhithe and Ratcliff and approaches thereto and for other purposes connected therewith. (Thames Tunnel (Rotherhithe and Ratcliff).)

220. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to make street improvements to construct sewers and to raise additional moneys by mortgage and by the creation and issue of stock and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Salford Corporation.)

221. An act to empower the Urban District Council for the District of Withington to construct tramways and to make various street improvements and for other purposes. (Withington Urban District Council.)

222. An act to extend the boundaries of the City of Sheffield to consolidate certain of the Townships within the said City to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the said City to construct additional lines of tramways and to execute various street widenings and other works to make further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the City and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

223. An act to authorise the Clontarf Urban District Council to construct a sea wall to acquire lands to borrow monej’s and for o:her purposes. (Clontarf Urban District Council.)

224. An act to authorise the Lord Provost Magistrates and Town Council of the City and Royal Burgh of Aberdeen to make certain bridge and street improvements to confer upon them new powers with respect to police matters streets and buildings and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Police and Improvement.)

225. An act to confer further powers upon the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

226. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford in the County of York to construct additional tramways in and near the city to acquire lands for the protection of their water supply to purchase the undertaking of the North Bierley Gas Company to make further provision for the health and good government of the City and for other purposes. (Bradford Corporation (Tramways Gas and Various Powers).)

227. An act to empower the Charing Cross and Strand Electricity Supply Corporation Limited to construct a generating station in the Parish of West Ham and to lay mains connecting their generating stations and to acquire lands and to construct a short line of railway and for other purposes. (Charing Cross and Strand Electricity Supply Corporation Limited (Further Powers).)

228. An act to empower the Corporation of the City of London to acquire and maintain Finsbury Circus Gardens as an open space and to purchase lands for various purposes and to adopt and apply the Baths and Washhouses Acts to establish a crematorium at Ilford Cemetery to make further and better accommodation for the laying of pipes wires and other apparatus in over or under streets to confer further powers upon the Corporation with respect to the control of streets and structures across streets and the fixing of apparatus for public lighting in streets to make further provisions for the health and good government of the City to enable persons elected to Corporate Offices in the City to retire therefrom to empower the Corporation to borrow money and for other purposes. (City of London (Various Powers).)

229. An act to authorise the Corporation of Croydon to construct additional tramways and to work the tramways in the borough to execute certain street improvements to make further provision for the government and for the preservation of the health of the inhabitants of the County Borough of Croydon and for other purposes. (Croydon Corporation.)

230. An act to transfer certain public bridges in the parish of Crosthwaite in the County of Cumberland to the Cumberland County Council and other authorities and for other purposes. (County of Cumberland (Bridges).)

231. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the County of Durham Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (County of Durham Electric Power Supply.)

232. An act to extend the City and County of the City of Exeter to unite the parishes within the City into one parish to authorise the reconstruction of the Exe Bridge and the construction of certain street works and for other purposes. (Exeter Corporation.)

233. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Farnworth to construct additional tramways and to work tramways and to make further provision for the good government of the said district and for other purposes. (Farnworth Urban District Council.)

234. An act to extend the boundaries of the County Borough of Halifax and to empower the Corporation to construct additional tramways street widenings and improvements to confer further powers with respect to their waterworks undertaking and in regard to streets buildings and drains and for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

235. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Lancashire Electric Power Company. (Lancashire Electric Power.)

236. An act to empower the Corporation of Lancaster to construct tramways to widen streets and make a footbridge over the River Lune to deal with Lancaster Marsh to commute portions of the Vicar of Lancaster’s tithe and dues to make further provisions for the good government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Lancaster Corporation.)

237. An act for authorizing the Corporation of the City of Liverpool to execute certain street improvements for making further provisions for the protection of the public health for amending various local Acts in force within the City for authorising the Corporation to raise money by the issue of bills and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

238. An act to enable the London County Council to work their tramways by electrical power and for other purposes. (London County Tramways (Electrical Power).)

239. An act for incorporating and making better provisions for the meetings and proceedings of the Trustees of the Market Weighton Drainage and Canal in the East Riding of the County of York for better defining the lands subject to taxation by the said Trustees and making other provisions relative thereto for relieving the said Trustees from their obligations to maintain a part of the said canal for conferring further powers cn the said Trustees and for other purposes. (Market Weighton Drainage.)

240. An act to confer further powers upon the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company Limited for the construction of works and the supply of electrical energy and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company's.)

241. An act to empower the Corporation of Oldham to extend and improve their existing Market Hall to confer further powers upon the Corporation with regard to sanitary and other matters and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Oldham Corporation.)

242. An act for extending the limits of supply of and conferring further powers upon the Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water Company and for other purposes. (Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water.)

243. An act to incorporate the South Lancashire Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make tramways and street improvements and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

244. An act to convert the capital of the Wandsworth and Putney Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional capital to construct works and for other purposes. (Wandsworth and Putney Gas.)

245. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the County Borough of West Bromwich with respect to tramways and to their electric lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough to amend and extend the provisions of the Local Acts relating to the borough and for other purposes. (West Bromwich Corporation.)

246. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of West Ham and to make further provision for the good government of that borough and for other purposes. (West Ham Corporation.)

247. An act for amalgamating the Waterford Limerick and Western Railway Company with the Great Southern and Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western and Waterford Limerick and Western Railway Companies Amalgamation.)

248. An act for amalgamating the undertaking of the Waterford and Central Ireland Railway Company with the Great Southern and Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western and Waterford and Central Ireland Railway Companies Amalgamation.)

249. An act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to authorise the Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie Railway Company to construct certain works in connexion with their railway to extend the periods for the purchase of lands for or for the completion of works by the before-mentioned Companies and the Callander and Oban Railway Company and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

250. An act to make provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Corporation of Margate to authorise the Corporation to construct promenades sea-walls street improvements and other works and to make further provision in regard to the health local government improvement and finance of the borough and for other purposes. (Margate Corporation.)

251. An act for empowering the Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland Company to acquire additional lands to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Midland Great Western Railway of Ireland.)

252. An act for the abandonment of the London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway and for other purposes. (London Walthamstow and Epping Forest Railway (Abandonment).)

253. An act for the abandonment of the Muirkirk Mauchline and Dalmellington Railways. (Muirkirk Mauchline and Dalmellington Railways (Abandonment).)

254. An act to make further provision for the purchase of the Hemel Hempstead Waterworks undertaking by the Corporation of Hemel Hempstead and for other purposes. (Hemel Hempstead Corporation Water.)

255. An act to extend the borrowing powers of the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Morley and to make further provision in regard to their water and electrical undertakings and for the improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Morley Corporation.)

256. An act to enable the South Eastern Railway Company to make new railways and other works to acquire additional lands to provide for the application of capital of the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies.)

257. An act to confer further powers on the Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway Company. (Bexhill and Rotherfield Railway.)

258. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Sunderland to contribute towards the construction by the North Eastern Railway Company of a bridge and road across the River Wear and to make provision for the construction of a new road in Southwick to join the same and for other purposes. (Sunderland Corporation.)

259. An act to constitute a body of trustees for the purpose of acquiring the Alexandra Park Palace and other lands in the County of Middlesex and to empower them to hold and manage the same as a place of public resort and recreation and for other public purposes and to make all provisions necessary or proper in that behalf. (Alexandra Park and Palace (Public Purposes).)

260. An act to empower the Bray and Enniskerry Railway Company to work their authorised railway by electrical power and for other purposes. (Bray and Enniskerry Railway.)

261. An act to empower the Poole and District Electric Traction Company Limited to construct tramways from Christchurch to Bournemouth and for other purposes. (Christchurch and Bournemouth Tramways.)

262. An act to empower the Corporation of Coventry to make certain street works and to confer further powers on them in regard to streets buildings and sewers and the health local government and improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation.)

263. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Devonport with respect to the construction and working of tramways within the Borough for extending the powers of the said Corporation as to electric lighting for extending the boundaries of the said borough to make provision for the acquisition of the Devonport Market undertaking to confer further powers upon the said Corporation with respect to streets and other matters and in regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough to make further provision for the collection and recovery of rates for the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Devonport Corporation.)

264. An act to extend the City of Dublin and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation.)

265. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland). (Great Northern Railway (Ireland).)

266. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of the County Borough of Hastings with respect to the improvement and good government of the borough to amend and extend provisions of the Local Acts and for other purposes. (Hastings Corporation.)

267. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Huddersfield to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation Tramways.)

268. An act to enable the London County Council to purchase lands for various purposes to provide for contributions by the Council and certain Vestries and District Boards of Works towards the acquisition of land for open spaces to extend the time limited for the purchase of certain lands by the Council to confer powers on the Vestry of Saint Mary Battersea as to the “Latchmere Allotments” and lands for &n electric station and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

269. An act to empower the London County Council to make an extension of the Thames Embankment and a new street and improvements at Westminster to widen Mare Street Hackney and to make other street improvements and works in the Administrative County of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (Improvements).)

270. An act to enable the London County Council to construct new tramways and to reconstruct and alter certain tramways in the County of London and to work certain tramways by electric traction and for other purposes. (London County Tramways.)

271. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads in the County of Middlesex and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

272. An act for regulating the charges to be made by the Gas Light and Coke the South Metropolitan Gas and the Commercial Gas Companies in the Administrative County of London in respect of gas supplied by means of prepayment meters. (Metropolis Gas (Prepayment Meter).)

273. An act for empowering the Metropolitan District Railway Company to erect a station for generating electrical energy and thereby work certain railways to acquire lands to extend the time for the completion of certain railways and compulsory purchase of lands to make certain provisions with respect to the Ealing and South Harrow and Brompton and Piccadilly Circus Railways to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway)

174. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Mid-Kent Water Company and for conferring further powers on the Company for the construction of works the raising of capital and otherwise in relation to their undertaking. (Mid-Kent Water.)

275. An act for making and maintaining railways in the counties of Down Armagh and Monaghan to be called the Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway and for other purposes. (Newry Keady and Tynan Light Railway.)

276. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply.)

277. An act to confer further powers upon the Plymouth Stonehouse and Devonport Tramways Company to amend the Acts relating to that Company and for other purposes. (Plymouth Stonehouse and Devonport Tramways.)

278. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Rochdale to reconstruct the existing tramways in the said borough when acquired by them and to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the borough and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Rochdale Corporation.)

279. An act to empower the Corporation of Scarborough to make an Approach Road to the New Marine Drive to alter the line of the sea wall of the said Drive to make further and better provision for the improvement health and good government of the borough of Scarborough to alter the constitution of the Scarborough Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes. (Scarborough Corporation.)

280. An act to empower the Southport District Tramroad Company to construct certain tramroads tramway and bridge between Southport and Lytham and for other purposes. (Southport and Lytham Tramroad.)

281. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Southport to carry out street improvements and other works and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Southport Corporation.)

282. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

283. An act to make provision in regard to the water undertaking of the Corporation of the borough of Taunton and to the health local government improvement and finance of the said borough to empower the said Corporation and the Trustees of the Markets of the borough to erect a townhall and to make further provision in regard to the said markets and for other purposes. (Taunton Corporation.)

284. An act to provide for vesting in the Urban District Council of Tottenham in the County of Middlesex the Lammas Lands in the district to confer various powers with respect to commons open spaces and recreation grounds streets buildings and other matters of local government and for other purposes. (Tottenham Urban District Council.)

285. An act to incorporate a Company and authorise them to acquire the Workington Harbour and Lonsdale Dock undertaking in the County of Cumberland and to construct a dock railways and works at Workington and for other purposes. (Workington Railways and Docks.)

286. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bournemouth to acquire certain lands within the parishes of Bournemouth Holdenhurst and Pokesdown and to appropriate regulate and manage the same as open spaces to confirm an agreement relating thereto and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Corporation.)

287. An act to empower the Corporation of Walsall to construct tramways to extend their powers in regard to their gas undertaking to make further provision in regard to financial matters and for the improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Walsall Corporation.)

288. An act to authorise the Liverpool Overhead Railway Company to make certain new railways and for other purposes. (Liverpool Overhead Railway.)

289. An act for the abandonment of the Saint David’s Railway and for other purposes. (Saint David's Railway.)

290. An act to incorporate the Kingscourt Ready and Armagh Railway Company and to empower them to construct railways in the counties of Cavan Monaghan and Armagh and for other purposes (Kingscourt Keady and Armagh Railway.)

291. An act to authorise the Corporation of Manchester to construct additional tramways in and near the city and to confer further powers upon the Corporation and neighbouring authorities in respect of tramways within and beyond the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

