Local Acts passed in 1901, 1 Edward 7 c.1 - c.281.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 39.
---

1. An act to enable Henry Diaper and Company of Liverpool to issue transferable certificates and warrants for the delivery of goods and for other purposes. (Diaper and Company's (Delivery Warrants).)

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley. (Paisley Gas Order Confirmation.)

3. An act to confirm an Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 for the transfer of the Thames and Severn Canal to the County Council of Gloucestershire and for other purposes. (Thames and Severn Canal Order Confirmation.)

4. An act to convert and consolidate the existing capital of the Gravesend and Milton Gaslight Company to confer farther powers upon that Company and for other purposes (Gravesend Gas.)

5. An act to transfer to and vest in the Honley Urban District Council the undertaking of the Honley Gas Company Limited and to confer upon that Council powers for the supply of gas and for other purposes. (Honley Urban District Council (Gas).)

6. An act to increase the number of the Council of the borough of Folkestone in the county of Kent and for other purposes. (Folkestone Corporation.)

7. An act to enable the Gateshead and District Tramways Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Gateshead and District Tramways.)

8. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Bath Gaslight and Coke Company to authorise the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Bath Gas.)

9. An act to alter and amend certain provisions of the deed of constitution of the Bristol Clifton and West of England Zoological Society and for other purposes. (Bristol Clifton and West of England Zoological Society’s.)

10. An act to repeal the Special Acts of the Royal Exchange Assurance and to make further provisions in relation to the laws objects and regulations of the Royal Exchange Assurance and for other purposes. (Royal Exchange Assurance.)

11. An act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to raise additional capital by the creation and issue of debenture stock for the purposes of their undertaking. (Sheffield District Railway.)

12. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Alfreton Gas Company and for other purposes. (Alfreton Gas.)

13. An act to dissolve the Omagh Gas Company and to incorporate and confer powers on a new company. (Omagh Gas.)

14. An act to incorporate and confer powers for the supply of water upon the Oakham Water Company. (Oakham Water.)

15. An act to empower the Corporation of the city of London to widen London Bridge and for other purposes. (London Bridge Widening.)

16. An act to reduce and regulate the amount of the debt upon the Neath Harbour undertaking and for other purposes. (Neath Harbour.)

17. An act to revive the powers and extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the completion of the dock and works authorised by the Thames Deep Water Dock Act 1881 and for other purposes. (Thames Deep Water Dock.)

18. An act to authorise and provide for the removal of the School for Orphans of Freemen of the City of London to a new site in the parish of Walton-on-the-Hill in the county of Surrey and the sale of the site and buildings at Brixton now occupied by the School and for other purposes. (School for Orphans of Freemen of the City of London.)

19. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Otley Gas Company. (Otley Gas.)

20. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Horley District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Horley District Gas.)

21. An act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct an additional branch dock in connection with their Canada Dock and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks (Canada Dock Works, &c.).)

22. An act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to construct additional tramways within and adjacent to the borough to make certain street works and improvements and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation Tramways.)

23. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company. (Great Northern Railway.)

24. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

25. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the water supply of the burgh of Grangemouth. (Grangemouth Water Order Confirmation.)

26. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Scottish Provident Institution. (Scottish Provident Institution Order Confirmation.)

27. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan Harbour. (Ardrossan Harbour Order Confirmation.)

28. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ayr Harbour. (Ayr Harbour Order Confirmation.)

29. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Highland Railway Company. (Highland Railway Order Confirmation.)

30. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1889 relating to the burgh of Hamilton. (Hamilton Burgh Order Confirmation.)

31. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Falkirk and District Tramways. (Falkirk and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

32. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

33. An act to confirm a Scheme relating to Ham Common in the parish of Ham in the county of Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons (Ham) Supplemental.)

34. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Board for Acton to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Acton).)

35. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the county and urban district of Carlow. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

36. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Londonderry and Kilkenny and the rural districts of Cork Roscommon Boyle No. 1 and Mountmelick No. 1. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

37. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Abertillery Aspull Briton Ferry Cannock Ebbw Vale Faversham Llandaff and Dinas Powis Llangollen Neath (borough) and Tredegar. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

38. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Birstall Cheshunt Dorchester Felling Frome Lichfield Mitcham New Hunstanton Northfleet and Skipton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

39. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Atherton Benwell and Fenham Beverley Burgess Hill Chesham East Cowes Hindley Honley Standish-with-Langtree and Stratford-upon-Avon. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

40. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle Erith Hornsey Oxford and Whitley and Monkseaton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

41. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bilston Buxton Leicester (two) Milton next Sittingbourne Neath and Newton in Mackerfield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

42. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Billericay (Rural) Drighlington Heston and Isle worth Sunderland and York. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

43. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Shoeburyness. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

44. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the parish of Saint Giles Camberwell the Southampton Incorporation and the Stepney Union. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

45. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 for the Regulation of Skipwith Common in the parish of Skipwith in the county of York and a Provisional Order under the said Acts for the inclosure of the common fields in the same parish. (Regulation and Inclosure (Skipwith) Provisional Orders.)

46. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Act 1883 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Triogue Drainage District in Queen’s County. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

47. An act to confirm a Scheme relating to Broom Hill Common and other commons in the parish of Orpington, in the county of Kent. (Metropolitan Commons (Orpington) Supplemental.)

48. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan gas and water. (Ardrossan Gas and Water Order Confirmation.)

49. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company. (North British and Mercantile Insurance Company's Order Confirmation.)

50. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Arizona Copper Company Limited. (Arizona Copper Company Limited Order Confirmation.)

51. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1882 for the inclosure of the open fields heath and wastes in the parish of Sutton in the county of Northampton. (Inclosure (Sutton) Provisional Order.)

52. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Cellardyke Helmsdale Leitir Mhor Macduff and Porthgain. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

53. An act to extend the powers of the trustees of the Presbyterian Church in Ireland in relation to the investment of money and the accepting taking and holding of property and for other purposes. (Irish Presbyterian Church.)

54. An act for empowering the British Gas Light Company, Limited to enlarge their works and to expend further capital at Kingston-upon-Hull. (British Gas Light Company Limited (Hull Station).)

55. An act to amend the Nitrate Railways Company Limited (Conversion of Shares) Act 1891. (Nitrate Railways Company Limited.)

56. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to James Godman Rodgers for an invention for improvements in rubber tyres for vehicles. (Rodgers' Patent.)

57. An act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board for the urban districts of Aspatria and Holme Cultram in the county of Cumberland and to authorise such Joint Water Board to construct works and to supply water to those and adjacent districts and for other purposes. (Aspatria Silloth and District Water.)

58. An act to convert the capital of the Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas Company to empower the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Gateshead Gas.)

59. An act to confer further powers upon the Shrewsbury Gas Light Company. (Shrewsbury Gas.)

60. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the county borough of Cardiff to construct new intercepting and other sewers and for other purposes. (Cardiff Corporation.)

61. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Leatherhead Gas and Lighting Company. (Leatherhead Gas.)

62. An act for extending the limits of supply of the West Surrey Water Company and for authorising that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (West Surrey Water.)

63. An act to extend the time limited for the completion of the pier and works authorised by the Milford Docks Act 1890 and for the compulsory purchase of certain lands and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

64. An act to empower the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to enclose part of the foreshore of the River Mersey and adjoining lands in the borough of Birkenhead and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

65. An act to confer further powers on the Sutton-in-Ashfield Urban District Council in relation to their water undertaking. (Sutton-in-Ashfield Urban District Council (Water).)

66. An act to confer further powers upon the City and South London Railway Company for the raising of capital and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

67. An act to confer further powers on the New Swindon Gas Company and for other purposes. (New Swindon Gas.)

68. An act to authorise Arthur Guinness Son and Company (Limited) to construct tramways in the city of Dublin in connexion with St. James’s Gate Brewery and to work the same and their existing tramways by mechanical or other power to construct certain street improvements and for other purposes. (Dublin Saint James's Gate Brewery Tramways.)

69. An act to authorise the Cambrian Railways Company to extend their railway at Pwllheli to grant further powers to that Company in respect of the use of steam vessels and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways.)

70. An act for transferring to and vesting in the Caledonian Railway Company and the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company jointly the undertaking of the Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Glasgow and Renfrew District Railway (Transfer).)

71. An act to confirm and give effect to an Agreement for the sale and transfer of the London Riverside Fish Market to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London and for other purposes. (London Riverside Fish Market (Transfer to Corporation of London).)

72. An act to authorise the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock.)

73. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of additional lands and upon that Company and the Midland and Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Companies in respect of their Normanton Station and for other purposes. (Eastern Railway.)

74. An act for conferring further powers upon the Chester United Gas Company. (Chester Gas.)

75. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Prestatyn to purchase the undertaking of the Dyserth Meliden and Prestatyn Water Company and to authorise the Council to construct additional waterworks and to supply water within the district and adjoining places. (Prestatyn Water.)

76. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Poulton-le-Fylde Gas Coal Lime and Coke Company Limited to the Poulton-le-Fylde Urban District Council and to authorise that Council to supply gas and for other purposes. (Poulton-le-Fylde Gas.)

77. An act for conferring further powers on the Dorking Gas Company. (Dorking Gas.)

78. An act to empower the Notting Hill Electric Lighting Company Limited to acquire lands and to erect and work generating stations and for other purposes. (Notting Hill Electric Lighting.)

79. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Colwyn Bay and District Gas Company to the Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Urban District Council and to authorise that Council to supply gas and for other purposes. (Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Urban District Gas.)

80. An act to confer further powers on the Derwent Valley Water Board with respect to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

81. An act for supplying with gas the urban district of Petersfield the parish of Selsey and other places in the counties of Southampton and Sussex. (Petersfield and Selsey Gas.)

82. An act to authorise the Richmond Gas Company to raise additional capital to convert their existing capital to enlarge their works to amend their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Richmond Gas.)

83. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Tendring Hundred Waterworks Company to authorise that Company to construct new works to raise further money and for other purposes. (Tendring Hundred Waterworks.)

84. An act to authorise the Burgess Hill Water Company to construct additional waterworks acquire lands and raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Hill Water.)

85. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Kettering to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Kettering Urban District Water.)

86. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Winsford in the county of Chester to manufacture and supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of the undertaking of the Over and Wharton Gas Company Limited or of the liquidators appointed by the said Company and to make further provision in regard to the finance of the said district and for other purposes. (Winsford Urban District (Gas Transfer, &c.).)

87. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure. (London County Council (Money).)

88. An act to empower the Urban District Councils of Cowes and East Cowes to take on lease the existing Royal Ferry across the River Medina between their respective districts and to work and manage the same and for other purposes. (Cowes Ferry.)

89. An act to confer powers on the Urban District Council of Pembroke in the county of Dublin with respect to sanitary matters streets buildings and other matters for the good government of their district and to borrow moneys and for other purposes. (Pembroke Urban District Council.)

90. An act to authorise the Great Eastern Railway Company to execute further works and to purchase additional lands to sanction and confirm the purchase of certain lands to confer further powers upon the Company and the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to extend the periods limited by former Acts for the purchase of lands and the construction of works by the Company to provide for the consolidation of certain preference stocks of the Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

91. An act to incorporate Trustees for the maintenance and improvement of the port and harbour of Newry Newry River and Newry Canal to transfer to them the undertaking of the Newry Navigation Company to authorise the Trustees to borrow money and for other purposes. (Newry Port and Harbour Trust.)

92. An act to confer further powers on the Tees Valley Water Board in relation to the supply of water. (Tees Valley Water.)

93. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Faversham Water Company. (Faversham Water.)

94. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to enlarge their Greenbank Cemetery and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation (Cemetery).)

95. An act to empower the Urban District Council of King’s Norton and Northfield to construct tramways and to make provision in regard to tramways in and in the neighbourhood of the said district and for other purposes. (Kings Norton and Northfield Urban District Tramways.)

96. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Llandrindod Wells to purchase the undertaking of the Llandrindod Wells Water Company and to authorise the Council to. construct additional waterworks and to supply water within the district and adjoining places. (Llandrindod Wells Water.)

97. An act to empower the Corporation of Mansfield to make a street widening to authorise the Corporation to acquire the undertaking of the Mansfield Woodhouse Gas Light and Coke Company Limited to make further provisions with respect to their gas water and electrical undertakings to confer further powers in regard to streets buildings and sewers and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Mansfield Corporation.)

98. An act to make further provisions with reference to and to confer further powers on the Undertakers of the Aire and Calder Navigation to amend the Acts relating to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Aire and Calder Navigation.)

99. An act for making and maintaining railways in the county of Southampton to be called the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway and for other purposes. (South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway.)

100. An act to authorise the Stroud Gas Light and Coke Company to convert their existing capital to raise additional capital to amend their existing Act and for other purposes. (Stroud Gas.)

101. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain railways of the Barry Railway Company. (Barry Railway (Extension of Time).)

102. An act for conferring further powers upon the Urban District Council of Handsworth with respect to tramways and electric lighting and for other purposes. (Handsworth Urban District Council.)

103. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Bexley to construct And work tramways and for other purposes. (Bexley Tramways.)

104. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cleveland and Durham County Electric Power Company. (Cleveland and Durham County Electric Power.)

105. An act to authorise the Municipal Corporation of the City of Dublin to establish and maintain a market for the sale of old clothes and other commodities in certain market buildings to be constructed and conveyed to them as a free gift by the Right Honourable Edward Cecil Baron Iveagh K.P. and for other purposes. (Dublin Corporation (Markets, &c.).)

106. An act to enable the Great Central Railway Company to make new railways and other works to acquire additional lands to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain lands for the completion of certain railways and for the sale of the superfluous lands of the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company and the Wrexham Mold and Connah’s Quay Railway Company to confer further powers upon the Nottingham Joint Station Committee and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

107. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company with relation to the Preston and Wyre Railway and the Great Northern Railway Company with relation to lands at Wakefield and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Various Powers).)

108. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Sheffield to execute certain street improvements and other works to construct additional lines of tramways to discontinue Fitzalan Market and to reconstruct enlarge and improve certain existing markets and abattoirs and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

109. An act for the abandonment of the Bideford and Clovelly Railway. (Bideford and Clovelly Railway (Abandonment).)

110. An act to authorise the Corporation of Chesterfield to execute certain street improvements and works to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the borough of Chesterfield and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Improvement.)

111. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

112. An act to empower the Aldershot Gas and Water Company to raise additional capital find for other purposes. (Aldershot Gas and Water.)

113. An act to authorise the Corporation of Bury to purchase and hold lands for the purposes of their sewage gas and other works and to make further and better provision in relation to the local government of the borough of Bury and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation.)

114. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Wisbech Waterworks Company and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Wisbech Water.)

115. An act for empowering the Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway Company to widen a portion of their railway and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Hampstead Junction Railway.)

116. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Yorkshire Electric Power Company. (Yorkshire Electric Power.)

117. An act to authorise the Lynton and Barnstaple Railway Company to raise further moneys. (Lynton and Barnstaple Railway.)

118. An act to amend the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway (New Ross and Waterford Extension) Act 1897 and to enable the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company to alter the level of a certain public road in the townland of Rosbercon and county of Wexford and to carry Railway No. 1 authorised by the said Act across the said road on the level and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway (New Ross and Waterford Extension).)

119. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Bingley to purchase the undertaking of the Cullingworth Gas Company Limited to make certain street works and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Bingley Urban District Council.)

120. An act to confer further powers on the Caledonian Railway Company in relation to their undertaking to extend the periods for the completion of works by the Caledonian the Callander and Oban the Lanarkshire and Ayrshire the Lochearnhead St. Fillans and Comrie and the Paisley and Barrhead District Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Caledonian Railway.)

121. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Company. (Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power.)

122. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Eccles to reconstruct their existing and to construct additional tramways to make street improvements to raise additional moneys by mortgage and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Eccles Corporation.)

123. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in respect of their undertaking for vesting the undertakings of the Devon and Somerset and the Bridport Railway Companies in the Great Western Railway Company for transferring to that Company the powers of the Windsor and Ascot Railway Company and extending the time for the construction of the authorised railways of that Company for empowering the Lambourn Valley Railway Company to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

124. An act to empower the Corporation of Kingston-upon-Hull to make certain street works to construct a bridge over the River Hull to lay down tramways and to confer further powers on the Corporation in regard to the water supply health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation.)

125. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on a company to be called the Swanage Gas and Water Company and to authorise the transfer to that Company of certain existing gasworks and waterworks and powers in the parish of Swanage in the county of Dorset and the construction of additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Swanage Gas and Water)

126. An act to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London Governors of the House of the Poor commonly called Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital near West Smithfield London of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth to acquire certain lands necessary or desirable for the extension of the hospital and for other purposes. (Saint Bartholomew's Hospital.)

127. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of the railways authorised by the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Act 1895 and the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Act 1898 and to change the name of the Torrington and Okehampton Railway Company and for other purposes. (Torrington and Okehampton Railway.)

128. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Blackpool to construct additional tramways and improvements in that borough and to make further provisions for the improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement)

129. An act to alter the numbers and boundaries of the wards of the borough of Burton-upon-Trent and to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the said borough to construct tramways in the borough and to make further provisions for the good government of the borough. (Burton-upon-Trent Corporation.)

130. An act for conferring further powers on the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company with respect to the construction of railways in the west riding of the county of York and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Dearne Valley Junction Railways).)

131. An act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company and the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway Company in relation to the Harrow and Uxbridge Railway to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of land and the completion of certain authorised railways and works by the two Companies and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

132. An act to extend the provisions of the Staines Reservoirs Acts of 1896 and 1898 relating to the purchase of the undertakings of certain Metropolitan Water Companies by any public body or trustees. (Staines Reservoirs (Amendment).)

133. An act to amend certain provisions of the Belfast Harbour Act 1898 to enable the Belfast Harbour Commissioners to make a new and substituted graving dock to confirm agreements as to lands and works connected therewith and for other purposes. (Belfast Harbour.)

134. An act for conferring further powers on the Dovor Gas Light Company. (Dover Gas.)

135. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Bolton to construct additional tramways and to make street improvements and to confer upon them further powers with respect to streets buildings sewers and drains and the health local government and improvement of the borough to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes. (Bolton Corporation.)

136. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shannon Water and Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Shannon Water and Electric Power.)

137. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to St. Marylebone. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

138. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Macclesfield Ripon Todmorden Trowbridge Ware Wellingborough (public purposes) Wellington (Salop) Widnes Wisbech and Workington. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

139. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aberavon Ashton-in-Makerfield Hampton Hoddesdon Ince-in-Makerfield Mountain Ash Neath (Rural District) Pontypridd Teddington and Worsley. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

140. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Blackrock Dungannon Kildare and Waterford. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

141. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland under the Local Government (Ireland) (No. 2) Act 1900. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

142. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Dundalk Enniskillen Sligo and Tralee and the counties of Fermanagh Kerry Louth Sligo and Waterford. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

143. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the county borough of Londonderry the rural district of Fermoy and the Skule Bog United District. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

144. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the urban districts of Cashel Omagh and Strabane. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

145. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the city of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Congleton (Rural) Kingsbridge Liverpool Middleton Pudsey and Tamworth. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

147. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Halifax and Sowerby Bridge Lytham Middleton Newark Ripon and Torquay. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

148. An act to confirm certain Provisional- Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bridport Chopping Wycombe Marlborough Wakefield and the county of West Sussex. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

149. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Nantwich the Ormskirk Lathom and Burscough and the Orsett Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

150. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bristol Chiswick Doncaster (Rural) Dover Hailsham (Rural) and Tavistock (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

151. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Hitchin the Maldon and the Upton-upon-Severn and Pershore Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

152. An act to confirm certain provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool (two) and West Ham. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

153. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead and Prescot. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

154. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the authority of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bexhill water and gas High Wycombe gas Portsea gas Slough gas and Woking District gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

155. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the authority of the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Horsham gas Nuneaton gas Pinner gas and Swaftham gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

156. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to lands in the parishes of Erith Banstead St. John Horsley down St. Leonard Shoreditch Clapham and Greenwich. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

157. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Secretary of State under the Military Lauds Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2.).)

158. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Ayr County Buildings. (Ayr County Buildings Order Confirmation.)

159. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Babbacombe and Great Yarmouth. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

160. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Admiralty under the Naval Works Act 1895. (Naval Works Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

161. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation. (Dundee Corporation Order Confirmation.)

162. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway. (Invergarry and Fort Augustus Railway Order Confirmation.)

163. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation Police. (Glasgow Corporation (Police) Order Confirmation.)

164. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Frimley and Farnborough District Water Henley-on-Thames Water Hungerford Water South Staffordshire Water and Wokingham Water. (Water Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

165. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dearae Valley Water Mid-Kent Water Perranporth Water Slough Water and Tilehurst Pangbourne and District Water. (Water Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

166. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clydebank Burgh Tramways. (Clydebank Burgh Tramways Order Confirmation.)

167. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and District Water. (Edinburgh and District Water Order Confirmation.)

168. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bournemouth Ludlow and South Shields. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

169. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Stockport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

170. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Port of Manchester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Port).)

171. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Leeds and Lichfield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes) (No. 2).)

172. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy and Dysart water. (Kirkcaldy and Dysart Water Order Confirmation.)

173. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Boards for Barnes Hartlepool Manchester Merthyr Tydfil and Walthamstow to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Barnes, &c.).)

174. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barry Crompton Foots Cray Friern Barnet Isle of Thanet (Rural) Newbury Pudsey Ross Round-hay and Royton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

175. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Clydebank Crieff Dalkeith Dollar Falkirk Galashiels Gourock Jedburgh Melrose and Oban. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

176. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Alnwick Annfield Plain Benfieldside Consett Handsworth Norton Pickering St. Austell Shildon and East Thickley and Whitley and Monkseaton. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

177. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bromsgrove Goole Ilkley Lyndhurst the extension of the area of supply of the Midland Electric Corporation for Power Distribution (Limited) Northwood and Ruislip Rickmansworth Rishton Great Harwood and Clayton-le-Moors and Warwick. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

178. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Lewisham and Penge. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

179. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Tramways and General). (Glasgow Corporation (Tramways and General) Order Confirmation.)

180. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bexhill Burghead Carradale Elgin and Lossiemouth and Urr Navigation. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

181. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Birkdale Urban District Council Tramways Crompton Urban District Council Tramways Leamington Tramways Roy ton Urban District Council Tramways Swindon Corporation Tramways and Wrexham District Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

182. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Cheriton Urban District Council Tramways Colchester Corporation Tramways Hyde Corporation Tramway Littleborough Urban District Council Tramways and Middleton and Chadderton (Local Authorities) Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

183. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Coatbridge Tramways Folkestone Corporation Tramways Glossop Electric Tramways Hopeman Tramway Weston-super-Mare Tramways and West Riding Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

184. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

185. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stirling Corporation. (Stirling Corporation Order Confirmation.)

186. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kilmarnock Corporation. (Kilmarnock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

187. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Wigan in regard to the construction of tramways and street improvements and in regard to their electric lighting undertaking and for other purposes. (Wigan Corporation.)

188. An act to confer further powers on the North British Railway Company in connection with their undertaking to authorise the widening of portions of their Monkland Railway and the construction of new railways to authorise the said Company to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

189. An act to empower the South Metropolitan Gas Company to raise additional capital and to purchase by agreement so much of the southern portion of the undertaking of the Gas Light and Coke Company as is situate in the county of London south of the Thames and for other purposes. (South Metropolitan Gas.)

190. An act to authorise the sale of certain churches vicarage houses and schools in the City of Leeds and the application of the proceeds of sale to Church purposes within the said city to provide for the alteration of ecclesiastical parishes or districts in the said city and for other purposes. (Leeds Churches.)

191. An act for empowering the Worcester Tramways Limited to construct new tramways in lieu of their existing tramways and to work the same by mechanical power and for other purposes. (Worcester Tramways.)

192. An act to confer powers on the Corporation of Chester to reconstruct the existing tramways in the City of Chester to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the city to work tramways and for other purposes. (Chester Corporation.)

193. An act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester with reference to the construction of tramways and streets and the acquisition and appropriation of lands and with respect to children trading in the streets and other matters affecting the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

194. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Long Eaton Gas Company. (Long Eaton Gas.)

195. An act to constitute and incorporate a joint board consisting of representatives of the Corporations of Stalybridge Hyde Mossley and Dukinfield and to authorise the board to construct and work tramways and to supply electrical energy within the boroughs of Stalybridge Hyde Mossley and Dukinfield and for other purposes. (Stalybridge Hyde Mossley and Dukinfield Tramways and Electricity Board.)

196. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Wells to purchase the undertaking of the Wells Water Company Limited to construct additional waterworks and to supply water within their city and the neighbourhood thereof and for other purposes. (Wells Corporation Water.)

197. An act to provide for a re-arrangement of the share capital of the Albion Steam Coal Company Limited and for other purposes. (Albion Steam Coal Company Limited.)

198. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Stockport to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation Water.)

199. An act for extending and amending the leasing powers of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London Governors of the possessions revenues and goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth called Bridewell and for conferring on them other powers for the management and development of their estates and for confirming certain leases granted by them. (Bridewell Hospital.)

200. An act to empower the Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway Company to capitalise interest in arrear on Debenture Stocks and for other purposes. (Freshwater Yarmouth and Newport Railway.)

201. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford in the West Riding of the County of York to construct additional tramways and street improvements and to extend their gas works and to make further provision for the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Bradford Corporation.)

202. An act for authorizing the construction of a dock sea walls railways and other works adjoining the existing docks at Grimsby in the County of Lincoln to be called the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock and for other purposes. (Humber Commercial Railway and Dock.)

203. An act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

204. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Paisley and to make further provision for the regulation of streets and buildings and the police and public health administration of the burgh and for other purposes. (Paisley Police and Public Health.)

205. An act to amend section four of the Central London Railway Act 1899 and to authorise the raising of further capital and for other purposes. (London Railway.)

206. An act to authorise the construction of certain new works for improving the Harbour of Dover the abandonment of certain authorised works the raising of further moneys by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour.)

207. An act to authorise the South Essex Waterworks Company to construct further works to extend their limits of supply and for other purposes. (South Essex Waterworks.)

208. An act to enable the Great Southern and Western Railway Company to make an extension railway to Cashel and a branch railway to the Curragh Siding to execute certain other works to acquire additional lands to transfer to and vest in the Company the undertakings of the Limerick and Kerry Railway Company and of the Kathkeale and Newcastle Junction Railway Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Great Southern and Western Railway.)

209. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Bournemouth to construct tramways within and beyond the borough to make certain street widenings and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Corporation.)

210. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Broadstairs and St. Peter’s in the county of Kent to purchase the undertaking of the Broadstairs Waterworks Company and to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district and the parish of St. Peter Extra and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Broadstairs and St. Peter’s Water and Improvement.)

211. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Golborne Gas Company. (Golborne Gas.)

212. An act to enlarge the powers of the Taff Yale Railway Company with reference to the acquisition of lands and the construction of works and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

213. An act to authorise the sale and disposal of the site of Christ’s Hospital in the city of London. (Christ’s Hospital (London).)

214. An act to confirm an agreement between the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and the lessees of the parsonage of Doncaster and certain other hereditaments comprised in an indenture of lease dated the 2nd day of June 1847 and to provide for the winding up of certain trusts connected therewith which were created by the Doncaster Tithe Deed of 1821 and for other purposes. (Doncaster Tithe Trust.)

215. An act to authorise the Corporation of Harrogate to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Harrogate Water.)

216. An act to extend the limits of supply of and to confer further powers upon the Newport (Isle of Wight) Gas Company and for other purposes. (Newport (Isle of Wight) Gas.)

217. An act to extend the powers of the Elland-cum-Greetland Gas Company to amend the Acts relating to that Company and for other purposes. (Elland Gas.)

118. An act to empower the Corporation of Barrow-in-Furness to make additional waterworks to make certain street works and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Barrow-in-Furness Corporation.)

219. An act to make provision for the equalisation of rates as between the City of Dublin and the Urban Districts of Rathmines and Rathgar and of Pembroke adjoining the said city. (Dublin Rathmines and Rathgar and Pembroke (Equalisation of Rates).)

220. An act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to provide for the conversion and adaptation of their railways for being worked by electrical power and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

221. An act for supplying with gas the parish of Arlesey and other places in the county of Bedford. (Arlesey Gas.)

222. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Salford to obtain from the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester a further supply of water in bulk for the township of Salford. (Salford Corporation.)

223. An act for extending the boundaries of the County Borough of Blackburn and to authorise the Corporation of that borough to reconstruct tramways and to construct new tramways in the borough to make street works to enlarge the town hall and erect an assembly room to erect a new sessions house police and fire brigade stations to borrow money and for other purposes. (Blackburn Corporation.)

224. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the County Borough of Brighton to purchase the Brighton Aquarium and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

225. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Clyde Valley Electrical Power Company. (Valley Electrical Power.)

226. An act for conferring further powers on the Glasgow and South Western Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for the purchase of Troon Harbour for empowering them to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Glasgow and South Western Railway.)

227. An act to authorise the London and India Docks Company to construct a new dock and other works and for other purposes. (London and India Docks Company (New Works).)

228. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to the supply of electrical energy and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company.)

229. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Rhyl to construct additional waterworks and to make further provision in regard to the health local government improvement and finance of the urban district and for other purposes. (Rhyl Improvement.)

230. An act for making a railway in the West Riding of the county of York from the Great Central Railway at Shireoaks to Maltby and for other purposes. (Shireoaks Laughton and Maltby Railway.)

231. An act for authorizing the City of Birmingham Tramways Company Limited to construct additional tramways and for other purposes. (City of Birmingham Tramways.)

232. An act to confirm the purchase of the undertaking of the Shipley Gaslight Company by the Urban District Council of Shipley to authorise the construction of tramways -cold air stores and street improvements to make further provision with regard to the water and electric light undertakings of the Council and the health and local government of the district. (Shipley Improvement.)

233. An act to constitute a joint board representative of the Biggleswade Urban and Rural District Councils with power to construct waterworks and to make provision for the supply of water within the districts of those Councils and for other purposes. (Biggleswade Water.)

234. An act for extending and amending the leasing powers of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London as masters guardians and governors of the house and hospital called Bethlem and for conferring on them other powers for the management and development of their estates and for confirming certain leases granted by them. (Bethlem Hospital.)

235. An act to confer further powers on the Easton and Church Hope Railway Company. (Easton and Church Hope Railway.)

236. An act to empower the Heywood and Middleton Water Board to construct additional waterworks to repeal and amend enactments relating to the water undertaking of the Board and for other purposes. (Heywood and Middleton Water Board.)

237. An act to enable the South Eastern Railway Company to make new works to acquire additional lands to provide for the application of capital of the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies to make further provisions as to the managing committee of those companies and for other purposes. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

238. An act to authorise the construction of tramways and a tramroad in the urban districts of Walker Wallsend Willington Quay and Gosforth the borough of Tynemouth and the parishes of Willington and Longbenton in the county of Northumberland and for other purposes. (Tyneside Tramways and Tramroad.)

239. An act for extending the time limited for acquisition of land and completion of works under the Cardiff Railway Acts 1897 1898 and 1899 for sanctioning an alteration of the levels of Railway No. 4 authorised by the Cardiff Railway Act 1897 for further empowering; the trustees of the will of the second Marquess of Bute to hold ordinary shares or stock in the capital of the Cardiff Railway Company and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

240. An act to enable the Cork Blackrock and Passage Railway Company to raise additional money to confer further powers on them in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Cork Blackrock and Passage Railway.)

241. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company's.)

242. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cromer Water Company and to empower the Cromer Urban District Council to acquire the undertaking of that Company and for other purposes. (Cromer Water.)

243. An act to empower the Corporation of Dover to make certain new streets to lay down a tramway and to confer further powers on the Corporation in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Dover Corporation.)

244. An act to confer powers upon the Corporation of the Borough of Smethwick with respect to tramways and to their electric lighting and other undertakings to make further provision for the improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Smethwick Corporation.)

245. An act to empower the Corporation of Lowestoft to construct and work tramways and to construct street improvements and to make further provision in regard to the electric lighting undertaking of the Corporation and in regard to the seashore and recreation grounds in the borough the lands known as Lamp Lands and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Lowestoft Corporation.)

246. An act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Ripon to construct additional waterworks and to make other provision for the health and good government of the city. (Ripon Corporation.)

247. An act to dissolve the Harpenden Gas Light and Coke Company Limited and to incorporate and confer powers upon the Harpenden District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Harpenden District Gas.)

248. An act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of representatives from the Councils of the borough of Southport the urban district of Birkdale and the rural district of West Lancashire all in the County Palatine of Lancaster and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Southport Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Southport Water (Transfer).)

249. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Aldeburgh to acquire the undertaking of the Aldeburgh Waterworks Company Limited and to construct waterworks and supply water and for other purposes. (Aldeburgh Corporation (Water).)

250. An act to constitute a Joint Board representative of the Corporation of Ilkeston and the Heanor Urban District Council with power to acquire the undertaking of the Meerbrook Sough Company and to construct works for intercepting and distributing the waters of the Meerbrook Sough and for other purposes. (Ilkeston and Heanor Water.)

251. An act to incorporate the West Cumberland Electric Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make tramways tramroads and street improvements and to erect generating stations and to supply electricity and for other purposes. (West Cumberland Electric Tramways.)

252. An act to make certain provision with reference to the undertakings of the East and West Junction the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction and the Stratford-upon-Avon Towcester and Midland Junction Railway Companies. (Midland Counties Junction Railways (Sale).)

253. An act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to make a new dock enlarge and extend the half-tide basin of the South Dock and construct new railways to extend the limits of the harbour and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

254. An act for making a railway in the county of Stafford from Wolverhampton to Great Wyrley and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton and Cannock Chase Railway.)

255. An act to authorise the Corporation of Leeds to make street works and to lay down tramways and to make better provision in regard to the loans of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation (General Powers).)

256. An act to empower the Corporation of Leeds to make additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation Water.)

257. An act to confer further powers upon the South Lancashire Tramways Company for the construction of tramways and street improvements and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

258. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Stratton and Bude to purchase the undertaking of the Bude Harbour and Canal Company and to construct waterworks and supply water within their district and adjoining parishes and to make further and better provision for the local government of the district and for other purposes. (Stratton and Bude Improvement.)

259. An act to provide for the purchase by the Belfast and Northern Counties Railway Company of the Derry Central Railway from the Commissioners of Public Works in Ireland. (Belfast and Northern Counties Railway.)

260. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering roads in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

261. An act to empower the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct a railway to their gasworks and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the district and the borrowing of money and for other purposes. (Wallasey Improvement.)

262. An act for the acquisition of the undertaking of the Portmadoc Croesor and Beddgelert Tram Railway Company to construct railways and works in the parishes of Treflys Ynyscynhaiarn and Beddgelert in the county of Carnarvon and the parish of Llanfrothen in the county of Merioneth to produce store and supply electricity for public and private purposes and for other purposes. (Portmadoc Beddgelert and South Snowdon Railway.)

263. An act for conferring further powers on the Weston-super-Mare Gaslight Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Gas.)

264. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the City of Bristol to construct an additional dock and railways and other works to extend the city and county of Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Docks and Railways.)

265. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway Company. (Manchester and Liverpool Electric Express Railway.)

266. An act to revive and extend the powers for the compulsory purchase of lands by the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners for the execution of works authorised by the Llanelly Harbour Act 1896 for the improvement of the port and harbour of Llanelly and to empower the said Commissioners to borrow moneys with the consent of the Urban District Council of Llanelly and for other purposes. (Llanelly Harbour.)

267. An act to extend the boundaries of the Borough of Derby and to empower the Corporation to construct tramways additional waterworks sewerage and sewage disposal works street widenings and improvements to repeal sections 43 to 46 both inclusive of the Derby Corporation Act 1877 and to confer further powers in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Derby Corporation.)

268. An act to authorise the Corporation of Harrogate to construct certain street improvements and to make further provision in regard to the health and local government of the town. (Harrogate Corporation.)

269. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Rugby in the County of Warwick to construct additional waterworks for the supply of their district and the parish of Bilton and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Rugby Water and Improvement.)

270. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Loch Leven Water and Electric Power Company to enable them to construct maintain and work waterworks and water power and electrical generating stations for the supply of electrical energy and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Loch Leven Water Power.)

271. An act to enable the London County Council to construct new tramways and to reconstruct and alter tramways in the County of London to work tramways by electric traction and to make street improvements and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

272. An act to empower the London County Council to make street improvements and works and to purchase lands in the Administrative County of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

273. An act to authorise the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Devonport to purchase the undertaking of the Devonport Gas and Coke Company and to supply gas within the Borough of Devonport and for other purposes. (Devonport Corporation (Gas).)

274. An act for making a railway between Winchester and Southampton to be called the Southampton and Winchester Great Western Junction Railway and for other purposes. (Southampton and Winchester Great Western Junction Railway.)

275. An act for conferring further powers on the City and Brixton Railway Company. (City and Brixton Railway.)

276. An act to incorporate the Watford and District Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Watford and District Tramways.)

277. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Corporation Tramways Denton Urban District Council Tramways Devonport Corporation Tramway Liverpool Corporation Tramways Extensions Northampton Corporation Tramways and Pontypridd Urban District Council Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

278. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Elementary Education Acts 1870 to 1900 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

279. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Corporation (Greenock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

280. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Berehaven. (and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

281. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways. (Paisley District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

