Local Acts passed in 1904, 4 Edward 7 c.1-245.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 42.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Tramways. (Dumbarton Tramways Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kilmarnock Corporation. (Kilmarnock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

3. An act to enable the London Chatham and Dover Railway Company to raise further capital. (London Chatham and Dover Railway.)

4. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to William Young and Alexander Bell in respect of an invention for improvements in the decomposition of mineral oils for the production of illuminating gas and to William Young in respect of inventions (1) for improvements in the production of illuminating gas from mineral oils and in apparatus therefor and for producing water gas and (2) for improvements in the production of illuminating gas and bye-products from liquid hydrocarbons and in apparatus therefor. (Young and Bell's Patents.)

5. An act to empower the Corporation of Appleby to purchase the undertaking of the Appleby Gas Light and Coal Company and to supply gas within the borough and for other purposes. (Appleby Corporation Gas.)

6. An act to empower the Southend Waterworks Company to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Southend Waterworks)

7. An act to make provision for dealing with the trustees’ preference shares of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company Limited and the trustees’ certificates issued in respect thereof and for other purposes. (New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company's.)

8. An Act. to extend the time for the completion of railways and for other purposes. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

9. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Corbridge Gas Company. (Corbridge Gas.)

10. An act to empower the City of Norwich Waterworks Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (City of Norwich Waterworks.)

11. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised Pier and Works of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

12. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain railways by the Barry Railway Company and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

13. An act to incorporate the Owens College Manchester with the Victoria University of Manchester and to transfer all the property and liabilities of the College to the Victoria University of Manchester and for other purposes. (University of Manchester.)

14. An act for conferring further powers upon the Sutton Gas Company. (Sutton Gas.)

15. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Bishop’s Stortford and District Gas Company. (Bishop’s Stortford and District Gas.)

16. An act to incorporate the Hampton-in-Arden and Meriden Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply with gas certain parishes in the county of Warwick. (Hampton-in-Arden Gas.)

17. An act to enable the Ipswich Dock Commissioners to construct certain works in connection with their docks to make a tramway and tramroad to raise additional money and for other purposes. (Ipswich Dock.)

18. An act to amend the powers of the Great Eastern Railway Company with respect to the use of steam vessels. (Great Eastern Railway (Steamboats).)

19. An act to amend the Huddersfield Corporation Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation Act 1902 Amendment.)

20. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to convert and consolidate their existing capital to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan. Railway.)

21. An act for the abandonment of the West Metropolitan Railway and for other purposes. (West Metropolitan Railway (Abandonment).)

22. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Wellington (Somerset) Gas Company and other purposes. (Wellington (Somerset) Gas.)

23. An act to make further and better provision with regard to the electric light undertaking of the Council and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Kettering Improvement.)

24. An act to authorise the Gosport Waterworks Company to make additional Waterworks to acquire the Undertaking of the Lee-on-the-Solent Waterworks Company Limited and to raise additional capital to extend the limits of supply of the Company to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Gosport Water.)

25. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Amersham Beaconsfield and District Waterworks Company Limited and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Amersham Beaconsfield and District Water.)

26. An act for amalgamating the Mid Wales Railway Company with the Cambrian Railways Company for conferring further powers upon the last-named Company and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways (Mid Wales Railway. Amalgamation &c.).)

27. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton to construct works for prevention of floods on the River Anker within the urban district of Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton and the rural district of Nuneaton in the county of Warwick and for other purposes. (Nuneaton and Chilvers Coton Urban District Council (Prevention of Floods).)

28. An act for conferring further powers upon the Ryde Gaslight Company. (Ryde Gas.)

29. An act to confer further powers upon the Blyth and Cowpen Gas Company. (Blyth and Cowpen Gas.)

30. An act to confer further powers upon the Whitby Gas Company. (Whitby Gas.)

31. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Harlow and Sawbridgeworth Gas Company and for other purposes. (Harlow and Sawbridgeworth Gas.)

32. An act for consolidating the capital of and for conferring further powers on the Sheppy Gas Company. (Sheppy Gas.)

33. An act to confer further powers on the provost magistrates and councillors of the burgh of Govan in connection with their electricity undertaking and for other purposes. (Govan Electric Lighting (Further Powers).)

34. An act to make provision with reference to the registration under the Companies Acts 1862 to 1900 of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company and the substitution of a memorandum and articles of association for their existing constitution and regulations and for the repeal of certain Acts relating to such Company and for other purposes. (Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company's.)

35. An act to merge the Yorkshire College in the University of Leeds and to transfer all the property and liabilities of the Yorkshire College to the University of Leeds and for other purposes. (University of Leeds.)

36. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the York Town and Blackwater Gas Company and for other purposes. (York Town and Blackwater Gas.)

37. An act to authorise the Corporation of Chesterfield to construct and work tramways to execute further street works and improvements to extend their area for the supply of electricity to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the Borough of Chesterfield and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Corporation Tramways and Improvements.)

38. An act to change the name of the Croydon Commercial Gas and Coke Company to the Croydon Gas Company and to confer further powers on the Company with respect to the raising of additional capital the construction and maintenance of additional gasworks and for other purposes. (Croydon Gas.)

39. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Chippenham Gas Company and for other purposes. (Chippenham Gas.)

40. An act to enable the Elysée Palace Hotel Company Limited to issue paid-up ordinary shares in satisfaction of the deferred shares to provide for the extinction of such deferred shares and for other purposes. (Elysée Palace Hotel Company Limited.)

41. An act for conferring further powers upon the mayor aldermen and councillors of the metropolitan borough of Saint Marylebone with regard to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Saint Marylebone Electric Lighting.)

42. An act to authorise the Colney Hatch Gas Company to raise additional Capital to acquire Lands to enlarge their Works to alter name of Company to amend their existing Acts and for other purposes. (Colney Hatch Gas.)

43. An act for consolidating the Capital of the Gomersal Gas Company for enabling that Company to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Gomersal Gas.)

44. An act to confer further powers on the North Staffordshire Railway Company. (North Staffordshire Railway.)

45. An act to authorise the Chesterfield Gas and Water Board to make new waterworks and extend their gasworks and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Gas and Water Board.)

46. An act to provide for the sale of the Chapel of Saint James Westmoreland Street and for other purposes connected therewith. (Marylebone Chapels (Saint James Westmoreland Street).)

47. An act to vary and amend the provisions of the South Staffordshire Mines Drainage Acts 1891 and 1894 and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Mines Drainage.)

48. An act to make provision for the application and distribution of the water stock issued to the New River Company in discharge of the sum payable as compensation for the transfer of their water undertaking to the Metropolitan Water Board for the reconstruction of the Company and its registration as a limited company and for other purposes. (New River Company's.)

49. An act to empower the urban district council of Kirkby-in-Ashfield to supply gas and to provide for the transfer to-the Council of so much of the gas undertaking of the Sutton-in-Ashfield Urban District Council as is situate within the urban district of Kirkby-in-Ashfield and for other purposes. (Kirkby-in-Ashfield Urban District Council (Gas).)

50. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Brixham Gas Company. (Brixham Gas.)

51. An act for incorporating the Littlestone-on-Sea and District Water Company and empowering them to construct Works and supply Water and for other purposes. (Littlestone-on-Sea and District Water.)

52. An act to confer upon the Urban District Council of Acton further powers with regard to the supply of electricity and the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Acton Improvement)

53. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon that Company and the Great Eastern Railway Company and upon the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

54. An act to confer further powers upon the Lancashire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Lancashire Electric Power.)

55. An act to confer further powers on the Tynemouth Gas Company. (Tynemouth Gas.)

56. An act to authorise the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Company to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways.)

57. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Barnard Castle Gas Company. (Barnard Castle Gas.)

58. An act to empower the Governors of Saint Bartholomew’s Hospital in the city of London to demolish the church of Saint Bartholomew the Less and to use the site thereof and the burial ground adjoining thereto for the purposes of the said hospital and for uniting for ecclesiastical purposes the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Less with the parish of Saint Bartholomew the Great and for other purposes. (Saint Bartholomew's Hospital.)

59. An act to confirm a Scheme with respect to Norman’s or No Man’s Land Hillingdon East. (Metropolitan Commons (Hillingdon East) Supplemental.)

60. An act to confirm an Amended Scheme with respect to Farnborough Common Broad Street Green Leach’s Green and Green Street Green. (Metropolitan Commons (Farnborough) Supplemental.)

61. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897 relating to lands in the parishes of Islington Tottenham Putney and Woolwich. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

62. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-in-Makerfield Brighton Manchester Nelson Scarborough and Sunderland. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brixham Coventry Liverpool Ripon and Southwark and the Bromley and Beckenham Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

64. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Earsdon the Hanley Stoke Fenton and Longton the Henley and Wallingford the Wallingford and Crowmarsh and the Whitchurch and District Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

65. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Stourbridge Union. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (Poor Law).)

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barry Clitheroe Gainsborough Glastonbury Heysham Kirkby-in-Ashfield Saffron Walden Walmer Whickham and Yardley. (Electric Lighting Confirmation (No. 1).)

67. An act to authorize the Donegal Railway Company to raise further Moneys by the creation and issue of Guaranteed Preference Stock for the purpose amongst others of completing the Ballyshannon Extension and to empower the Company to own and work Motor Cars and other Vehicles and for other purposes. (Donegal Railway.)

68. An act to empower the Mullingar Kells and Drogheda Railway Company to make a Deviation Railway in the County of Westmeath and an Extension Railway in the County of Louth and to enable that Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to enter into working and other agreements and for other purposes. (Mullingar Kells and Drogheda Railway.)

69. An act to extend the time limited for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of the railways and works authorised by the South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway Act 1901 and for other purposes. (South Western and Isle of Wight Junction Railway (Extension of Time).)

70. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Bexhill Water and Gas Company to authorise the Company to raise additional Capital and to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Bexhill Water and Gas.)

71. An act to confer powers on the Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways Company for widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in the Counties of Middlesex and London to authorise the sale of the undertaking of the Company to the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited and to provide for the dissolution and winding-up of the Company and for other purposes. (Harrow Road and Paddington Tramways.)

72. An act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company. (London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

73. An act to confer further powers upon the Leicestershire and Warwickshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Leicestershire and Warwickshire Electric Power.)

74. An act to confirm and give effect to arrangements between the Corporation of Manchester and the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the financial relations between the two bodies and to empower the Manchester Ship Canal Company to raise further money by borrowing and to create additional capital and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal (Finance).)

75. An act to confer further powers on the Corporation of Preston with reference to their Water Undertaking and for other purposes. (Preston Corporation Water.)

76. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Shipley to purchase the Gas Undertaking of Sir Titus Salt Bart. Sons and Company Limited and to acquire Land construct Street Works consolidate their loans and borrow money and for other purposes. (Shipley Urban District Council.)

77. An act to confer further powers upon the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power.)

78. An act to confer powers on the Great Northern Railway Company with reference to the construction of Works and the purchase of Lands to extend the time limited for the compulsory purchase of certain Lands by the Company to empower the Company and the Great Central Railway Company to purchase Lands and to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of certain Lands by those Companies and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

79. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Matlock and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Matlock and District Gas.)

80. An act for amalgamating the undertakings of the Ticehurst and Robertsbridge Water Company and the Wadhurst Ticehurst and District Gas Light and Coke Company for extending their limits of supply for authorising the construction of works and the raising of additional capital and for other purposes. (Ticehurst and District Water and Gas.)

81. An act for conferring further Powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own Undertaking and upon that Company and the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their Joint Undertaking and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

82. An act to authorise the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company to acquire Additional Lands to confer further Powers and for other purposes. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

83. An act to authorise the Brymbo Water Company to extend their Limits of Supply to raise additional Capital and for other purposes. (Brymbo Water.)

84. An act to constitute as a separate undertaking certain railways of the Sheffield and Midland Railway Companies' Joint Committee and certain other railways authorised to be constructed by the Great Central and Midland Railway Companies jointly and for other purposes. (Great Central and Midland Railway Companies.)

85. An act to empower the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company to construct a new dock with connecting railway and other works and entrance into the River Humber to abandon the dock and works authorized by the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Act 1901 and for other purposes. (Humber Commercial Railway and Dock.)

86. An act for conferring further powers on the Southend Gas Company. (Southend-on-Sea Gas.)

87. An act to provide for the payment to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners and application by them of moneys payable under the City and South London Railway Act 1890 by the City and South London Railway Company in respect of the church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the city of London and for other purposes. (Saint Mary Woolnoth Church.)

88. An act to provide for the transfer of the Undertaking of the Minehead Waterworks Company Limited to the Minehead Urban District Council and to confer further powers on the said Council with respect to the supply of Water and for other purposes. (Minehead Urban District Council.)

89. An act to confer further powers on the Clyde Valley Electrical Power Company and for other purposes. (Clyde Valley Electrical Power.)

90. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Birkdale to make further provision in regard to the Health Local Government Improvement and Finance of the Urban District-and for other purposes. (Birkdale Improvement.)

91. An act to change the name of the Crystal Palace District Gas Company to the South Suburban Gas Company and to confer further powers on the Company. (South Suburban Gas.)

92. An act to extend the time for taking certain lands and for the construction of certain authorised works by the Southport and Lytham Tramroad Company and the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Southport to authorise the raising of further capital and for other purposes. (Southport and Lytham Tramroad.)

93. An act to authorise the raising by borrowing of money for the provision and erection of premises for the Sessions of the Central Criminal Court. (City of London (Central Criminal Court House).)

94. An act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Filey in the East Riding of the County of York in relation to their gas and water undertakings and in relation to the seashore and to make further and better provision for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Filey Improvement.)

95. An act to free Maidenhead Bridge from tolls to enable the Corporation of Maidenhead to borrow money for discharging the mortgage debt on the bridge for vesting the Bridge Estates in the Corporation and for other purposes in connection therewith. (Maidenhead Bridge.)

96. An act to authorise the construction of new Works and the acquisition of Lands by the Great Central Railway Company in connection with their undertaking the construction of new Railways by the Cheshire Lines Committee and the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway Company respectively and the acquisition of Lands by the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee and the Manchester South Junction and Altrincham Railway Company respectively in connection with their respective undertakings the acquisition by the Great Central Railway Company of the Undertakings of the Wrexham Mold and Connahs Quay and Buckley Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

97. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

98. An act to confer further borrowing powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Plymouth. (Plymouth Corporation.)

99. An act to empower the Corporation of Wolverhampton to construct tramways and to make further provision in regard to their tramway electricity and market undertakings and the health local government and improvement of their borough and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Corporation.)

100. An act to authorise the closing and sale of certain Churches in the City of Liverpool and the Borough of Wigan and the sale of certain Vicarages or houses of residence the extinction of certain Ecclesiastical Districts and Parishes the merger thereof in other Districts and Parishes and the conversion of certain Ecclesiastical Districts into separate Ecclesiastical Parishes in the said City and for other purposes. (Liverpool and Wigan Churches.)

101. An act to empower the Corporation of Barrow-in-Furness to construct an opening bridge across Walney Channel to make certain street works to lay down additional tramways and to execute works in connection with their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Barrow-in-Furness Corporation.)

102. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Richard Jaeger in respect of an invention for an improved process for the dry slaking of lime and apparatus therefor. (Richard Jaeger's Patent.)

103. An act to confer further powers upon the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the Borough of Doncaster with reference to their Water and Gas Undertakings to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the said Borough and for other purposes. (Doncaster Corporation.)

104. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Skipton to construct additional Waterworks and to make further provision with regard to the supply of electricity and for the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Skipton Water and Improvement.)

105. An act to enable the Soothill Nether Urban District Council to make and maintain Tramways and Street Improvements to acquire land for the purpose of a refuse destructor and for other purposes. (Soothill Nether Urban District Tramways.)

106. An act to change the name of the Llanelly Harbour and Burry Navigation Commissioners to the Llanelly Harbour Trust and to alter the constitution of the Trust to revive and extend the powers for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the execution of works under the Llanelly Harbour Acts 1896 and 1901 and otherwise amend those Acts to empower the Trust to borrow moneys with the consent of the Urban District Council of Llanelly and otherwise to alter and exteud the financial powers of the Trust and for other purposes. (Llanelly Harbour.)

107. An act to increase the number of the Wards and of the Council of the Borough of Tynemouth and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation.)

108. An act for conferring further powers on the Great Eastern Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

109. An act for conferring further powers on the North Western Electricity and Rower-Gas Company and for other purposes. (North Western Electricity and Power-Gas.)

110. An act for conferring further powers upon the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company and for other purposes. (Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway.)

111. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under Sections 17 (7) and 21 of the Education Act 1902 relating to the County Borough of Swansea. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Swansea).)

112. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the School Board for London to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

113. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Council of the City and County Borough of Birmingham to put in force the Land Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Birmingham).)

114. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under Sections 17 (7) and 21 of the Education Act 1902 relating to the County Borough of Cardiff. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (Cardiff).)

115. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Portsmouth. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford (Yorkshire) Ealing Eaton Bray (Rural) Glastonbury Rhyl and the Fylde Water Board District. Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the County Palatine of Lancaster and the Counties of Rutland and Surrey. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

118. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Godalming Haworth Northallerton and Tipton. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Kingswood West Ham and the Knighton and Teme the North East Durham and the South Shields Rural and Southwick-on-Wear Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Ashton-under-Lyne and District the Congleton and District and the Wath Swinton and District Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighouse Pwllheli Wath upon Dearne and Worthing and the North Staffordshire Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Cardiff. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to East Dereham and Neyland. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

124. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Bangor and Newtownards and the County of Cork United Districts and the Ports of New Ross and Waterford. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

125. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Rural Districts of Rathdown (No. 1) and Rathdown (No. 2). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

126. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Merrow Downs in the Parish of Merrow in the County of Surrey. (Commons Regulation (Merrow) Provisional Order.)

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1S99 relating to Oxshott Heath in the Parish of Cobham in the County of Surrey. (Commons Regulation (Oxshott) Provisional Order.)

128. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to lands in the Parishes of Owston and West Butterwick in the County of Lincoln (Parts of Lindsey). (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

129. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands Act (Ireland) 1863 and the Acts amending the same relating to the Farney Bridge and Ballynahow Drainage District in the County of Tipperary. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands Supplemental (Ireland).)

130. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Wexford. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Musselburgh Portpatrick and Wishaw. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

132. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Schedule of Maximum Rates and Charges applicable to the Regent’s Canal. (Canal Rates and Charges (Regent's Canal) Order Confirmation.)

133. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Motherwell and Bellshill Railway (Abandonment). (Motherwell and Bellshill Railway (Abandonment) Order Confirmation.)

134. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway. (North British Railway (General Powers) Order Confirmation.)

135. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways. (Paisley District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

136. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Burgh of Leith. (Leith Burgh Order Confirmation.)

137. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Airdrie Corporation Gas. (Airdrie Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wishaw Corporation. (Wishaw Corporation Order Confirmation.)

139. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Leith Corporation Tramways. (Leith Corporation Tramways Order Confirmation.)

140. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Burgh of Govan. (Govan Corporation Order Confirmation.)

141. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway. (Caledonin Railway Order Confirmation.)

142. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1889 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western Railway Order Confirmation.)

143. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station. (Aberdeen Joint Passenger Station Order Confirmation.)

144. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunbartonshire (Vale of Leven) Water. (Dunbartonshire (Vale of Leven) Water Order Confirmation.)

145. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Arbroath Corporation Water. (Arbroath Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

146. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline District Water. (Dunfermline District Water Order Confirmation.)

147. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Melrose District Water. (Melrose District Water Order Confirmation.)

148. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Scotch Education Department under the Education (Scotland) Act 1878 to enable the School Board of the Burgh of Edinburgh to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Scotch Education Department Provisional Order Confirmation (Edinburgh).)

149. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct new Railways to widen certain existing Railways and to construct other Works to acquire additional Lands and to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Various Powers).)

150. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Thurles in the County of Tipperary to construct Waterworks for the supply of the District and for other purposes. (Thurles Urban District Council Water.)

151. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ebbw Yale to construct additional Waterworks and for other purposes. (Ebbw Vale Water.)

152. An act to empower the Corporation of Harrogate to construct a temporary tramroad telephonic communication and other works in connection with their Waterworks and for other purposes. (Harrogate Waterworks Tramroad.)

153. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Bournemouth to construct further tramways and to acquire the undertaking of the Tuckton Bridge Company and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Corporation.)

154. An act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan District Railway Company and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

104. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Lytham to provide a Town Hall to make further provision in regard to their Gas Undertaking and to the Health Local Government and Improvement of their District and for other purposes. (Lytham Improvement.)

156. An act to facilitate the opening and working of certain of the lower series of Coal Seams in His Majesty’s Forest of Dean and in the Hundred of St. Briavels in the County of Gloucester and for certain other purposes connected with the Mines in the said Forest and Hundred. (Dean Forest (Mines).)

157. An act to make better provision for the administration of Justice at Sessions of the Peace and for the transaction of County business in the County of Suffolk. (County of Suffolk.)

158. An act to enable His Majesty’s Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Southgate Blackpool Leeds and Newcastle-upon-Tyne for the Public Service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

159. An act to rconfirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bolton Congleton Keighley Newton-in-Mackerfield Oswestry and Wisbech. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

160. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chiswick East Ham Great Crosby and York. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

161. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Guildford New Sarum and the County of Wilts. (Local Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

162. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders: of the Local Government Board relating to Blackpool Newcastle-upon-Tyne Tynemouth and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

163. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Hamilton Gas. (Hamilton Gas Order Confirmation.)

164. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bognor Gas Elham Valley Gas Elstree and Boreham Wood Gas Finedon Gas and Godalming Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

165. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Grays Gas Hedon Gas Northampton Gas Rochford Gas and Romford Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

166. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Boar d# of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to St. Margaret’s Gas Stirling Gas Waltham Abbey and Cheshunt Gas Worsbroughdale and Worsbrough Gas and Worthing Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

167. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Blackrock Clonmel Dalkey Killiney and Bally-brack Kingstown Nenagh Pembroke Rathmines and Rathgar Templemore and Thurles and the Counties of Dublin Tipperary (North Riding) and Tipperary (South Riding). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

168. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Castlerea (Rural) Midleton (Rural) North Dublin (Rural) and Westport. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

169. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Harbour of Courtown in the County of Wexford. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

170. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Broughty Ferry and District Tramways. (Dundee Broughty Ferry and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

171. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Police). (Glasgow Corporation (Police) Order Confirmation.)

172. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Greenock Corporation. (Greenock Corporation Order Confirmation.)

173. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Newburgh and North Fife Railway. (Newburgh and North Fife Railway (Extension of Time) Order Confirmation.)

174. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy Corporation. (Kirkcaldy Corporation Order Confirmation.)

175. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bath Rural District Brynmawr Chippenham Eastleigh and Bishopstoke Hanwell Southgate Urban District Tamworth Walton-le-Dale Watford and Widnes (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

176. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Birkenhead (Extension) Bishop Auckland (Amendment) Huddersfield (Extension to Golcar) Maidenhead (Extensions) Milford-on-Sea Newquay Penzance Ramsgate Sunderland Districts and Tavistock. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

177. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Ashford (Kent) Ely Ham Hexham Horley Keynsham (Somerset) Kingswood Newton Abbot (Extension) Teignmouth (Amendment) and Walton-upon-Thames. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

178. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Clevedon Portishead and Long Ashton Crediton Devizes Hampton Wick and District Houghton-le-Spring and District the Maidens and Coombe Northampton and District Stroud Nailsworth and Dursley and Trowbridge (Urban) Bradford-on-Avon (Urban) and Bradford-on-Avon (Rural). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

179. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders granted by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Caerphilly Epsom Rural District (Cheam) Mansfield Woodhouse North Worcestershire (Bromsgrove Urban) and Sutton-in-Ashfield. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

180. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Altrincham Urban District Council Tramways Calverley Urban District Council Tramways Crompton Urban District Council Tramways Plymouth Corporation Tramways Rochdale Corporation Tramway Roy ton Urban District Council Tramways and Wardle Urban District Council Tramway. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

181. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Bishop Auckland Shildon and Spennymoor Tramways Dewsbury Corporation Tramways East Ham Urban District Council Tramways Ossett Corporation Tramways Sunderland Corporation Tramway and West Ham Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

182. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Rainham Water Sevenoaks Water Southwold Water Wetherby District Water and Meldreth and Melbourn District Gas and Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

183. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Tramways &c.). (Glasgow Corporation (Tramways, &c.) Order Confirmation.)

184. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Hartlepool and Waterford. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

185. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Islay. (Pier and Harbour Older Confirmation (No. 3).)

186. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bradfield Water Cholderton and District Water Elham Valley Water Frimley and Farnborough District Water and North Sunderland Waterworks. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

187. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen City Improvements. (Aberdeen City Improvements Order Confirmation.)

188. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and District Water. (Edinburgh and District Water Order Confirmation.)

189. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway (Darvel and Lanarkshire Railway Transfer). (Glasgow and South Western Railway (Darveland Lanarkshire Railway Transfer) Order Confirmation.)

190. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Perth Corporation). (Perth Corporation Order Confirmation.)

191. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ayr Corporation Tramways. (Ayr Corporation Tramways Order Confirmation.)

192. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Glasgow Corporation (Sewage). (Glasgow Corporation (Sewage) Order Confirmation.)

193. An act to empower the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to extend their existing South Dock and to construct other Works and to execute a diversion or straightening of the River Ebbw and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

194. An act to empower the Portmadoc Beddgelert and South Snowdon Railway Company to construct new Railways and to authorise Agreements between that Company and the North Wales Narrow Gauge Railways Company and for other purposes. (Portmadoc Beddgelert and South Snowdon Railway.)

195. An act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to construct a new Railway and to abandon the construction of a portion of Railway already authorised and for amending the Acts relating to the Cardiff Railway Company and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

196. An act to confer further powers on the Derwent Valley Water Board to confer powers upon the Corporation of Leicester with respect to the Works authorised to be constructed by that Corporation under the powers of the Derwent Valley Water Act 1899 to confer borrowing powers upon the Corporations of Derby Leicester Sheffield and Nottingham and for other purposes. (Derwent Valley Water.)

197. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of undertakings in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in respect of their undertaking for authorizing the abandonment of the Somersetshire Coal Canal and the vesting of the site thereof in the Great Western Railway Company for amalgamating the Abingdon Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

198. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways (1901) Limited for constructing Tramways and widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in the Counties of Middlesex Surrey and London and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

199. An act to confer further powers upon the Urban District Council for the District of Tottenham in the County of Middlesex and to confer powers upon the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited. (Tottenham Improvement.)

200. An act to enable the Barnet District Gas and Water Company to acquire additional lands construct additional works and raise further capital and for other purposes. (District Gas and Water.)

201. An act to empower the Strabane Raphoe and Convoy Railway Company to construct Railways in the Counties of Tyrone and Donegal to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Strabane Raphoe and Convoy Railway (Extension to Letterkenny).)

202. An act to authorise the Surrey Commercial Dock Company to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Surrey Commercial Dock.)

203. An act to provide for the Acquisition and Construction of Piers and Landing-places on the River Thames in the Administrative County of London by the London County Council and to make provision for a service of Vessels for passengers and parcels and for other purposes. (Thames River Steamboat Service.)

204. An act to authorise the construction of Tramways in Torquay and for other purposes. (Torquay Tramways.)

205. An act to confer further powers upon the Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads Company with respect to the construction and maintenance of works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Tyneside Tramways and Tramroads.)

206. An act to authorise the making of Tramways and Tramroads in the City of Belfast and in the County of Down and for other purposes. (Holywood Tramways.)

207. An act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Lothians Electric Power Company. (Lothians Electric Power.)

208. An act to empower the Corporation of Great Yarmouth to construct tramways street improvements and other works and to acquire the ferries across the Haven to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of their borough and for other purposes. (Yarmouth Corporation.)

209. An act to authorise the sale and disposal of the Site of King’s College Hospital London and the acquisition of Lands for and Erection of a New Hospital and for other purposes. (King's College Hospital.)

210. An act for empowering the Corporation of Leeds to construct certain temporary railways and works to facilitate the construction of their authorised waterworks in the Valley of the Burn and to authorise the placing of electric lines in certain highways and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation (Waterworks) Railway.)

211. An act to authorise the Corporation of Manchester to construct tramways and street widenings within and beyond the city to confer further powers upon the Corporation and neighbouring authorities with respect to the exercise of powers relating to tramways works and electricity within and beyond the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

212. An act to authorise the Manchester Ship Canal Company to vary the levels of and depth of Water in their Canal and to construct new Works and to alter certain provisions of The Manchester Ship Canal Act 1885 and The Manchester Ship Canal Act 1896 and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

213. An act for empowering the North Wales Power and Traction Company Limited to construct Generating Stations and supply Electricity in certain parts of Noith Wales and for other purposes. (North Wales Electric Power.)

214. An act to authorise the Wakefield and District Light Railway Company to construct Tramways and a Tramroad and other Works in the West Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (West Riding Tramways.)

215. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Felixstowe Gas Light Company. (Felixstowe Gas.)

216. An act to confer on the Urban District Council of Radcliffe further powers with regard to their Tramways Undertaking to construct new tramways and street improvements to extend the Town’s Yard and to make further provision in regard to the supply of Electricity and for the Improvement. Health Local Government and Finance of the District and for other purposes. (Radcliffe Tramways and Improvement.)

217. An act to confer further powers upon the South Shields Gas Company. (South Shields Gas.)

218. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands required for and for the completion of certain works and for other purposes. (London and India Docks Company.)

219. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ilford in the county of Essex to carry out street improvements to make further provision for the Improvement Health Local Government and Finance of the District and for other purposes. (Ilford Urban District Council.)

220. An act to enable the Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct and work Additional Tramways in and adjacent to the City to widen existing Streets to construct new Streets across and Works in the Ouseburn Valley to make a new Quay to acquire lands to establish a Superannuation Fund to raise further Money and to confer various further powers upon the Corporation in respect of their existing Quays and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation.)

221. An act for the Abandonment of a portion of the undertaking authorised by the Saddleworth and Springhead Tramways Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Saddleworth and Springhead Tramways.)

222. An act to make further and better provision for the Health Good Government and Improvement of the Borough of Bridlington and for other purposes. (Bridlington Corporation.)

223. An act to extend the City and County of Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

224. An act for authorising the Urban District Council of Buxton to acquire from the Most Noble Spencer Compton Duke of Devonshire K.G. the Mineral Water Baths of Buxton and to maintain and improve the same and for other purposes. (Buxton Urban District Council.)

225. An act for transferring the powers of the West Manchester Light Railways Company and for providing for the Regulation of certain Roads in Trafford Park, and for other, purposes. (Trafford Park.)

226. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Stretford to construct Additional Tramways and other works within their District and to make further and better provision for the Good Government of the said Urban District and for other purposes. (Stretford Urban District Council.)

227. An act to authorise the Barry Railway Company to provide and work Steam Vessels to raise Additional Capital and for other purposes. (Barry Railway (Steam Vessels).)

228. An act for incorporating and conferring Powers on the Belfast and North East Ireland Electricity and Power-Gas Company and for other purposes. (Belfast and North East Ireland Electricity and Power-Gas.)

229. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Belfast to construct and work Tramways and to purchase by Agreement the Undertaking of the Belfast Street Tramways Company including the Tramways constructed by the Sydenham District Belfast Tramways Company and the Belfast and Ligoniel Tramways Company and the Tramways of the Belfast and County Down Railway Company and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation (Tramways).)

230. An act to confer further powers upon the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway Company for the construction of Railways and the raising of Capital and for other purposes. (Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway.)

231. An act to enable the London County Council to construct and work New Tramways and to alter and reconstruct existing Tramways in the County of London to make Street Improvements in the Counties of London and Kent to empower the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich to construct a New Street and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

232. An act to provide for altering the Wards of the County Borough of Rotherham and for increasing the number of Aldermen and Councillors to confer further Powers on the Corporation of the Borough in regard to their Gas Water Tramways and Electrical Undertakings to make further provisions for the health improvement and local government of the Borough and for other purposes. (Rotherham Corporation.)

233. An act to enable the Urban District Council of Selby to construct New Waterworks and to make further provision with regard to their Water and Gas Undertakings and for the improvement health and local government of the District. (Selby Urban District Council.)

234. An act to enable the Corporation of the Borough of Swindon to make new Tramways and to make further provisions with reference to Markets and for the health local government and improvement of the Borough and for other purposes. (Swindon Corporation.)

235. An act to confer powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Manchester with reference to the construction of Waterworks and Streets and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the City to extend the City and to make provision with reference to the borrowing powers of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation (General Powers).)

236. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company and to enable Local Authorities within the additional limits to require the Company to supply them with Water in bulk and to empower the Company to raise further Capital and for other purposes. (Newcastle and Gateshead Waterworks.)

237. An act for conferring further powers on the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited for constructing Tramways and widening and altering roads and acquiring lands in and near Bristol and for other purposes. (Bristol Tramways (Extensions).)

238. An act to constitute and incorporate a Joint Water Board consisting of Representatives of the Oakengates and Dawley Urban District Councils in the county of Salop and for other purposes. (Oakengates and Dawley Joint Water Board.)

239. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to provide and work Steam Vessels between the Ports of Goole and Hull and certain Continental Ports and to subscribe to the Funds of Steamship Companies and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Steam Vessels).)

240. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Leyton in the County of Essex to construct and work Tramways and to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their Tramways Undertaking and their Electrical Undertaking to empower the Council to execute certain street widenings to provide for vesting in the Council certain Lammas Lands as open spaces and recreation grounds to make further provision for the improvement health and local government of the District and for other purposes. (Leyton Urban District Council.)

241. An act to confer further powers on the Loch Leven Water and Electric Power Company and to extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the completion of part of the authorised works of that Company and for other purposes. (Loch Leven Water Power (Amendment).)

242. An act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct Quays Wharves and Basins at Yorkhill and Merklands and River Walls Tramways and other works to make further provision with respect to the storage of goods tolls and rates and the borrowing of additional Money and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation)

243. An act for conferring further powers on the Imperial Tramways Company Limited for constructing Tramways and widening and altering Roads and acquiring Lands in the North Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Stockton-on-Tees and Thomaby Tramways.)

244. An act to empower the London County Council to acquire Lands for Fire Brigade purposes to make provisions with respect to Sanitary and other like matters to authorise the exchange of certain lands at Tooting Bec Common to empower the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Woolwich to purchase Lands for various purposes to change the name of the Metropolitan Fire Brigade to confer various powers upon the London County Council and upon the Councils of Metropolitan Boroughs and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

245. An act to consolidate the Parishes in the City of Carlisle into one Parish to make further and better provision for the health good government and improvement of the City and for other purposes. (Carlisle Corporation.)

