Local Acts passed in 1906, 6 Edward 7 c.1 - 212.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 44.
---

1. An act to make further provision with respect to the capital of the Crystal Palace Company and to empower them to raise additional capital. (Crystal Palace Company's.)

2. An act to alter the constitution of the Dover Harbour Board. (Dover Harbour Board.)

3. An act for authorising the Kidderminster Gas Light and Coke Company to alter their name to construct new gasworks to provide for the conversion and consolidation of certain of their existing capital to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Kidderminster Gas.)

4. An act to confirm the capitalisation in past years of certain profits of H. R. Baines and Company Limited and for other purposes. (H. R. Baines and Company's.)

5. An act for rendering valid certain letters patent granted to Samuel Mathews Vauclain for an invention for improvements in compound steam locomotives (Vauclain's Patent.)

6. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and servants of the Council of the metropolitan borough of Bethnal Green and for other purposes. (Bethnal Green Borough Council (Superannuation).)

7. An act to confer further powers upon the Millwall Dock Company with respect to superfluous lands. (Millwall Dock.)

8. An act to provide for the conversion of the stock of the Antofagasta (Chili) and Bolivia Railway Company Limited into five per centum per annum cumulative preference stock preferred ordinary stock and deferred ordinary stock and for other purposes. (Antofagasta (Chili) and Bolivia Railway Company Limited (Conversion of Stock).)

9. An act to make further and better provision for the execution of the powers and duties of the Guardians of the Standard of Wrought Plate in Sheffield. (Sheffield Assay.)

10. An act for authorising a lease of the Manchester and Milford Railway to, the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Manchester and Milford Railway (Leasing).)

11. An act to provide for the winding up and dissolution of the North Metropolitan Tramways Company and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Tramways (Winding up).)

12. An act to empower the Corporation of Carlisle to acquire additional lands for the purposes of their Geltsdale Waterworks to extend the time for the completion of those works to authorise the Corporation to borrow further moneys for the purposes of their gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Carlisle Corporation.)

13. An act to repeal the deeds of settlement of the Essex and Suffolk Equitable Insurance Society from the date of its registration as a limited company and to enlarge the scope of operations of the Society and to make provision for the future government of the Society and the management of its affairs and for other purposes. (Essex and Suffolk Equitable Insurance Society Limited.)

14. An act to amend the Acts relating to the Milford Docks Company to extend the time limited for the completion of a certain work to enable the Company to acquire lands compulsorily and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

15. An act for conferring further powers on the Mirfield Gas Company. (Mirfield Gas.)

16. An act to empower the urban district council of Thornton in the county palatine of Lancaster to supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of such portion of the gasworks undertaking and plant of the Poulton-le-Fylde Urban District Council as is contained within the urban district of Thornton and for other purposes. (Thornton Urban District Gas.)

17. An act to authorise the Accrington District Gas and Water Board to make new waterworks and for other purposes. (Accrington District Gas and Water Board.)

18. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for authorising the abandonment of certain works for extending the time limited by former Acts for the completion of works and the purchase of lands and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway.)

19. An act for extending the period limited by the Knott End Railway Act 1898 for the construction and completion of the railway by that Act authorised; and for other purposes. (Knott End Railway (Extension of Time).)

20. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the County of Aberdeen (Monymusk Bridge and Road). (County of Aberdeen (Monymusk Bridge and Road) Order Confirmation.)

21. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Cathcart District Railway. (Cathcart District Railway (Superfluous Lands) Order Confirmation.)

22. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to North Berwick Corporation. (North Berwick Corporation Order Confirmation.)

23. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to Lands in the Borough of Deptford and the Royal Borough of Kensington. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

24. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Waterford. (Elective Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

25. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Abercarn Barry (Amendment) Bettwsycoed Blaydon (Amendment) Calverley (Amendment) Farsley Foots Cray (Amendment) Horsford (Amendment) Market Harborough and Wembley. (Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

26. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

27. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Great North of Scotland Railway. (Great North of Scotland Railway Order Confirmation.)

28. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban District of Sligo and the Counties of Kildare and Limerick. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

29. An act to confer further powers upon the Holyhead Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Holyhead Water.)

30. An act to effect a fusion of the undertaking of the Scottish Imperial Insurance Company with that of the Norwich Union Life Insurance Society and for other purposes. (Norwich Union Life Insurance Society (Scottish Imperial Fusion).)

31. An act to amend the provisions of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (New Works and Additional Powers) Act 1871 with respect to Superannuation Fund. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Superannuation Fund).)

32. An act to amend the Mersey Railway Act 1900 and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

33. An act to empower the North Sussex Gas Company to supply water in certain parishes in Sussex and to confer further powers upon that Company. (North Sussex Gas and Water.)

34. An act to authorise the Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways Company to acquire lands for road widenings to abandon a portion of their authorised tramways and to construct other works in lieu thereof to extend the period limited for construction of works and land purchases and for other purposes. (Preston Chorley and Horwich Tramways.)

35. An act to authorise the urban district council of New Mills to purchase the Ollerset Waterworks undertaking and such portion of the waterworks and plant of the Stockport Corporation as is within the district of the Council and to supply water throughout their district and to make further provision in regard to the gas undertaking of the Council and for other purposes. (New Mills Urban Distinct Council.)

36. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the North East Lincolnshire Water Company and for other purposes. (North East Lincolnshire Water.)

37. An act to effect a fusion of the life assurance and annuity business of the National Assurance Company of Ireland with the undertaking of the Yorkshire Fire and Life Insurance Company and for other purposes. (National Assurance Company of Ireland.)

38. An act to extend the time for purchasing lands and for the construction and completion of certain tramways street widenings and works authorised by the South Lancashire Tramways Acts 1900 1901 and 1903 and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

39. An act to enable the Scottish Provident Institution Buildings Limited to pay interest out of capital on certain of their shares and for other purposes. (Scottish Provident Institution Buildings Limited.)

40. An act to authorise the Mersey Docks and Harbour Board to construct additional dock and other works and for other purposes. (Mersey Docks and Harbour Board.)

41. An act to extend the powers and to change the name of the Maryport Harbour Company and for other purposes. (Maryport Railways and Docks.)

42. An act to authorise the Southampton Gaslight and Coke Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Southampton Gas.)

43. An act to remove the restrictions in respect of sulphur compounds (other than sulphuretted hydrogen) now imposed upon certain gas companies. (Gas Companies (Removal of Sulphur Restrictions).)

44. An act to make provision for dealing with the arrears of dividend on the preference and second preference shares of the Buenos Ayres Grand National Tramways Company Limited and the accumulated balance to the debit of its revenue account and for the increase and re-arrangement of its capital and for other purposes. (Buenos Ayres Grand National Tramways Company's.)

45. An act to provide for the incorporation of a Company for providing accommodation for trans-channel traffic and for other purposes. (Channel Ferry (Dover).)

46. An act to confer additional powers upon the Hull Joint Dock Committee for the construction of dock works and upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and for other purposes. (Hull Joint Dock.)

47. An act for rendering valid certain letters patent granted to John Caesar Crellin for inventions for (1) an appliance for raising lowering supporting and transporting portions of machinery and the like (2) improvements relating to lifting-jacks and (3) improved apparatus for raising lowering supporting and transporting portions of machinery and like uses. (Crellin's Patents.)

48. An act to transfer the Lower School of Lawrence Sheriff at Rugby to the governors of the Lower School of Lawrence Sheriff Rugby constituted by this Act and for other purposes. (Rugby Lower School (Transfer).)

49. An act to authorise the corporation of Haslingden to construct and work tramways and to make further provision for the improvement local government and health of the borough of Haslingden and for other purposes. (Haslingden Corporation.)

50. An act to enlarge the powers of the North and South Shields Electric Railway Company with reference to the acquisition of lands and the construction of works. (North and South Shields Electric Railway.)

51. An act to empower the Brixham Gas Company to supply electricity and to confer further powers on the Company, (Brixham Gas and Electricity.)

52. An act to confer further powers on the Barry Railway Company. (Barry Railway.)

53. An act for conferring further powers on the Sutton Southcoates and Drypool Gas Company. (East Hull Gas.)

54. An act to authorise the Cambrian Railways Company to acquire additional lands and to extend the time for the completion of the railway authorised by the Cambrian Railways Act 1901 and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways.)

55. An act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to construct new railways and a subway to acquire lands to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

56. An act to authorise the transfer to the Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Railway Companies of certain works authorised by the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock (South Yorkshire Extension Lines) Act 1902 and to the Great Central Railway Company of the undertaking of the Rotherham Maltby and Laughton Railway Company to empower the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to construct a new railway and to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley and Great Central Railway Companies.)

57. An act to authorise the Trent Navigation Company to construct certain new works for improving the navigation of the River Trent between Wilden Ferry and Gainsborough to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Trent Navigation.)

58. An act to authorise the Merthyr Tydfil Gas Company to construct new works to raise additional capital to convert their existing capital and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil Gas.)

59. An act to provide for matters consequent on the purchase by the Secretary of State in Council of India of the railways and other property of the Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway Company and for other purposes. (Bombay Baroda and Central India Railway.)

60. An act to extend the time limited for the purchase of lands and for the construction and completion of the tramways street widenings and works authorised by the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Act 1903 and for other purposes. (Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways.)

61. An act to transfer to the urban district council of Clacton the powers and property of the commissioners appointed under the provisions of the Clacton-on-Sea Special Drainage District Act 1880 to enable them to construct further sea defence works and for other purposes. (Clacton Urban District Council (Transfer of Powers of Clacton-on-Sea Commissioners).)

62. An act to confer further powers on the Newport Harbour Commissioners and for other purposes. (Newport Harbour.)

63. An act to authorise increased contributions to the Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund Corporation by the railway companies and bodies contributing thereto. (Railway Clearing System Superannuation Fund (Contributing Companies).)

64. An act to authorise the Sheffield District Railway Company to enter into and carry into effect working and other agreements and for other purposes. (Sheffield District Railway.)

65. An act to extend the time for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands authorised by the Kettering Urban District Water Act 1901 to provide for the transfer of the water undertaking of the Kettering Urban District Council in the parish of Weekley to the Kettering Rural District Council and for other purposes. (Kettering Water.)

66. An act to authorise the corporation of Bury to construct additional tramways within and beyond the borough and for other purposes. (Bury Corporation.)

67. An act to make further provisions with respect to the Gas supplied by the South Suburban Gas Company and the price to be charged therefor and for other purposes. (South Suburban Gas.)

68. An act to authorise the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to provide and work steam vessels between the port of Hull and certain continental ports and to subscribe to the funds of steamship companies and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley Railway (Steam Vessels).)

69. An act to authorise the closing and sale of certain churches in the city of Manchester the extinction of certain ecclesiastical parishes and the merger thereof in other parishes in the said city and for other purposes. (Manchester Churches.)

70. An act to incorporate the Penllwyn Railway Company and for other purposes. (Penllwyn Railway.)

71. An act to confer further powers upon the Metropolitan Railway Company and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

72. An act to extend the time for taking certain lands and for the construction of certain street works and a tramway authorised by the Dover Corporation Act 1901 to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Dover to execute a further street work in connexion with such works and for other purposes. (Dover Corporation.)

73. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company in conjunction with the Great Western Railway Company the Caledonian Railway Company the Great Northern Railway Company and the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company in relation to their respective joint undertakings and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

74. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Dowlais Gas and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Dowlais Gas.)

75. An act for conferring further powers upon the Epsom and Ewell Gas Company. (Epsom and Ewell Gas.)

76. An act to empower the Corporation of the county borough of Waterford to acquire the existing toll bridge and ferry rights over the River Suir at Waterford to enable them to borrow moneys and for other purposes. (Waterford Corporation and Bridge.)

77. An act to authorise the Great Central Railway Company to acquire the Lancashire Derbyshire and East Coast Railway to construct new railways and works in connection therewith and for other purposes. (Great Central and Derbyshire Railways.)

78. An act to amend extend and define the borrowing powers of the Urban District Council of Newtownards in the county of Down to improve and enlarge the gas undertaking of the said Council and to make further provisions for the local government of their district. (Newtownards Urban District Council.)

79. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and upon that Company and the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee for the acquisition of lands to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Halesowen Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company and the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway)

80. An act for conferring further powers upon the Uxbridge and Hillingdon Gas Consumers Company and for other purposes. (Uxbridge Gas.)

81. An act to confirm an agreement between the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company and the Dublin and Kingstown Railway Company and to confer powers on the Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway Company as to the alteration conversion and consolidation of their existing debenture preference and ordinary stocks and as to capital and borrowing powers and other matters to change the name of the Company and of their undertaking and for other purposes. (Dublin Wicklow and Wexford Railway.)

82. An act for conferring further powers on the Scottish Union and National Insurance Company and for effecting certain amendments of the Acts which regulate the Company and for other purposes. (Scottish Union and National Insurance Company's.)

83. An act to confer further powers upon the Cheltenham Gas Light and Coke Company and to make further provisions with reference to the undertaking of that Company. (Cheltenham Gas.)

84. An act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield with respect to the disposal of trade refuse for the construction of tramways and street works and in regard to streets buildings sewers and sanitary matters and for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation.)

85. An act to confer further powers upon the London and South Western Railway Company to authorise them to execute further works to acquire additional lands to empower that Company and the Midland Railway Company or one of them to acquire additional lands in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested for amalgamating the Waterloo and City Railway Company and the Axminster and Lyme Regis Light Railway Company with the London and South Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

86. An act to empower the London County Council to acquire lands for county offices and to construct an embankment in the River Thames and for other purposes. (County Office Site (London).)

87. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Water Board with reference to their undertaking. (Metropolitan Water Board.)

88. An act for conferring further powers on the North East London Railway Company and for other purposes. (North East London Railway.)

89. An act for consolidating the capital of the Peterborough Gas Company for enabling that Company to acquire additional lands and to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Peterborough Gas.)

90. An act to confer further powers on the Cardiff Gas Light and Coke Company. (Cardiff Gas.)

91. An act to confer further powers upon the Lord Mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to the construction of waterworks and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

92. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Cumberland Electricity and Power-Gas Company and for other purposes. (Cumberland Electricity and Power-Gas.)

93. An act to confer further powers upon the Folkestone Electricity Supply Company Limited with respect to the supply of electricity in the urban districts of Folkestone and Sandgate and the borough of Hythe and for other purposes. (Folkestone and District Electricity Supply.)

94. An act to empower the Glamorgan County Council to make inquiries and surveys with a view to the utilisation of water supplies in South Wales and for other purposes. (Glamorgan and South Wales Water.)

95. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to widen certain railways and to construct other works to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (Powers).)

96. An act for uniting into one drainage district the two drainage districts in the parish of Warboys in the county of Huntingdon known as the First and Third Drainage Districts constituted under an act of the fifteenth year of King George the Third chapter fifteen and to amend that Act and for other purposes. (Warboys (Union of Districts) Drainage.)

97. An act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Newport with regard to the health improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Newport Corporation.)

98. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation.Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Forfar Corporation Water. (Forfar Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

99. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 relating to lands in the Parishes of Belton and West Butterwick in the County of Lincoln (Parts of Lindsey). (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

100. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath Cheshunt Hove (two) Nantwich Oystermouth and Tamworth (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

101. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton - in - Makerfield Cardigan Darlington Hoy lake and West Kirby Plymouth Salford Sutton in Ashfield Totnes and Tyldesley with Shakerley. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

102. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the C' al Government Board relating to the Brighouse the Guisborough and the Hemel Hempstead Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

103. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Belper (Rural) Blaby (Rural) Ealing Harrogate Ilfracombe and Runcorn. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

104. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Beckenham Oswaldtwistle Rochdale Rochford (Rural) and Warrington. (Government Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

105. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Smethwick. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

106. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carnarvon Sheffield the South West Gloucestershire United Districts and Whitby. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

107. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Bury Saint Edmunds Incorporation. (Local Government Boards Order Confirmation (Poor Law).)

108. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Birr Dungarvan Londonderry Trim and Tuam (Rural). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

109. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin and Armagh. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

110. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bude Camberley and District East Barnet Valley Exeter (Extension) Frome (Amendment) Higham Ferrers Rushden and Wellingborough (Rural District) Mid-Durham Wealdstone Wisbech (Amendment) and Yardley (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

111. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Eastwood and Catlicart and Kilpatrick. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

112. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Agriculture and Fisheries under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to the Estuary of the Wash in the County of Norfolk. (Sea Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

113. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brixham Newlyn and Torquay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Loch Claish (Loch Inchard) and Dunoon. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No.

115. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Burnham in the county of Somerset. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Devon and the West Riding of Yorkshire to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Devon, &c.).)

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of the Parts of Kesteven Surrey and Warwick and the Municipal Borough of Ealing to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Kesteven, &c.).)

118. An act to enable His Majesty’s Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Birmingham Blackburn Bromley Torquay Carnforth and Walton-on-Thames for the Public Service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

119. An act to authorise the exchange of parcels of waste in the Forest of Dean and to amend the Dean Forest (Mines) Act 1904. (Dean Forest.)

120. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool and the Counties of Bedford Buckingham and Hertford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cuckfield (Rural) and Leek. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Port of Manchester. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 10).)

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Lincoln and Uttoxeter. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

124. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Metropolitan Borough of Saint Pancras. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Housing of Working Classes).)

125. An act to confirm certain Schemes made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the County of London and Penge the County of London and Hornsey the County of London and Barnes and the Counties of London and Kent. (London Government Act Adjustment Schemes Confirmation.)

126. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 1).)

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Gas and Water. (Paisley Gas and Water Order Confirmation.)

128. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Bellshill Blantyre Bothwell Dunfermline and District Dunoon Fochabers Inveresk Shettleston and Tollcross and Uddingston. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

129. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aylesbury Boston Castle Ward Weetslade and Cramlington Godalming (Extension) Gomersal Henley-on-Thames Pinner Stanmore Harrow Weald and Edgware Ryton and Swanage. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

130. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Barton-upon-Irwell Cheshunt Dorchester (Amendment) Eton (Rural) Hexham (Extension) Stourport and Kidderminster and Uxbridge and District (Extension). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation 7).)

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Bolsover and District Water Great Grimsby Gas Great Grimsby Water Hoylake and West Kirby Water Wath upon Dearne and District Gas and Wollaston Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Charing Gas Chichester Gas Corsham Gas Farnham Gas and King’s Lynn Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

133. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Newport Pagnell Gas Pontardulais Gas Raunds Gas Redditch Gas and Saint Austell Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

134. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Altrincham Urban District Council Tramways Dewsbury Corporation Tramways Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation Tramways Ossett. Corporation Tramways Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Port Seton Extension) and Rochdale Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

135. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western (Railway Order Confirmation.)

136. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Herne Bay Water Maidstone Water Mid-Kent Water Rickmansworth and Uxbridge Valley Water Sleaford and District Water and Slough Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

137. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Newburgh and North Fife Railway. (Newburgh and North Fife Railway (Extension of time) Order Confirmation.)

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley Roads. (Paisley Roads Order Confirmation.)

139. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Inverclyde Bequest. (Inverclyde Bequest Order Confirmation.)

140. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Perth Corporation Gas. (Perth Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

141. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Arlecdon and Frizington Liverpool and Marsden. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

142. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Rutherglen Burgh. (Rutherglen Burgh Order Confirmation.)

143. An act to empower the urban district council of the Wolstanton United Urban District to manufacture and supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of the works premises and business of the Chesterton Gaslight Company Limited and of so much of the mains pipes and other works of the corporation of Burslem and of the corporation of Newcastle-under-Lyme respectively as are within the Wolstanton United Urban District and for other purposes. (Wolstanton United Urban District Council Gas.)

144. An act to empower the Great Northern Railway Company to construct a railway and other works and to purchase additional lands to extend the time for the completion of works and compulsory purchase of lands by the Company to authorise the Company to contribute to the cost of the generating station of the Great Northern and City Railway Company and to raise additional capital to authorise the construction of a railway and works by the Company and the Great Central Railway Company and to confirm the purchase of lands by those companies to authorise the construction of a railway and works by the South Yorkshire Joint Line Committee to extend the time for the completion of works and the compulsory purchase of lands by the Cheshire Lines Committee and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

145. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

146. An act to empower the Ascot District Gas Company to supply electricity and to confer further powers on and to change the name of the Company. (Ascot District Gas and Electricity.)

147. An act to alter and regulate the capital and borrowing powers of the Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire Electric Power.)

148. An act to confer further powers upon the Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks Company with respect to the raising of money and for other purposes. (Borough of Portsmouth Waterworks.)

149. An act to incorporate the West Yorkshire Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways tramroads and other works and for other purposes. (West Yorkshire Tramways.)

150. An act to empower the London County Council to execute works and to acquire lands to make provisions as to the drainage of parts of the borough of Hornsey to confer powers upon the councils of certain metropolitan boroughs and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

151. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways (1901) Limited for widening and altering streets and roads and acquiring lands in the counties of Middlesex and Surrey and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

152. An act to extend the powers of the Twickenham and Teddington Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Twickenham and Teddington Electric Supply Company's.)

153. An act to consolidate the capital of the Watford Gas and Coke Company to confer further powers on the Company with respect to the raising of additional capital to authorise the construction and maintenance of additional gasworks and for other purposes. (Watford Gas.)

154. An act to empower the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to make an entrance channel and lock entrance into their existing South Dock and to construct other works and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

104. An act for enabling the Ritz Hotel Limited to rearrange its capital and to provide for the extinction of its deferred shares and for issuing ordinary shares in lieu thereof and for altering the memorandum and articles of association of the Company and for other purposes. (Ritz Hotel Limited.)

156. An act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of land and the time limited for the completion of the railway authorised by the Wirral Railway Act 1898 to extend the time for the sale of surplus lands of the Wirral Railway Company and for other purposes. (Wirral Railway.)

157. An act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to make a deviation of a portion of Railway No. 4 authorised by the Cardiff Railway Act 1897 for extending the time for the purchase of certain lands and for the completion of certain railways and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

158. An act for transferring to the Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company Limited the undertakings authorised by the Whitley and Monkseaton Electric Lighting Order 1901 and the Seghill Earsdon and Tynemouth (Rural) Electric Lighting Order 1902 and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Electric Supply Company’s.)

159. An act to confer further powers on the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

160. An act to extend the time for taking certain lands and for the construction of certain authorised works by the Southport and Lytham Tramroad Company and the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southport and for other purposes. (Southport and Lytham Tramroad.)

161. An act to authorise the Wallasey Urban District Council to construct a tramway and promenades and to make further provision in regard to their gas water electricity and tramways undertakings and the health local government and improvement of their district and for other purposes. (Wallasey Tramways and Improvements.)

162. An act to confer further powers on the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board to make the Mynyddislwyn Urban District Council a constituent authority and for other purposes. (Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board.)

163. An act to authorise the Lord Provost magistrates and council of the city and royal burgh of Edinburgh to make and maintain tramways to construct works and acquire lands to incorporate. the Royal (Dick) Veterinary College Edinburgh to provide for the registration of employment agencies to amend the Edinburgh Municipal and Police Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation.)

164. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Crediton Gas Company and for other purposes. (Crediton Gas.)

165. An act to authorise the Kent Electric Power Company to construct a pier on the River Medway and to extend their powers with respect to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Kent Electric Power.)

166. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Truro Gas Company. (Truro Gas.)

167. An act to provide for an increase of the share capital of United Railways of the Havana and Regla Warehouses Limited and for other purposes. (Railways of the Havana and Regia Warehouses Limited.)

168. An act to confer further powers upon the Rochester Chatham and Strood Gaslight Company. (Rochester Chatham and Gillingham Gas.)

169. An act to incorporate the Folkestone Sandgate and Hythe Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works and for other purposes. (Folkeston Sandgate and Hythe Tramways.)

170. An act to confer further powers on the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railway Companies and the South Eastern and Chatham Railway Companies Managing Committee. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

171. An act to extend the time limited by the Bacup Corporation Water Act 1898 for the construction of waterworks to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the Borough of Bacup in relation to their water and electricity undertakings and to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes. (Bacup Corporation.)

172. An act to incorporate the Cork City Railways Company and to authorise the Company to construct railways and other works in the county borough of Cork and for other purposes. (Cork City Railways.)

173. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Derby Gas Light and Coke Company to enable that Company to acquire the undertakings of the Spondon Ockbrook and Borrowash Gas Light and Coke Company Limited and the Mickleover and Etwall Gas Light and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Derby Gas.)

174. An act to make further provision for preventing the pollution and obstruction of streams in the county of Middlesex and to confer further powers on the county council of Middlesex for that purpose and in relation to the width and maintenance of roads employment agencies ice-cream vendors gipsy encampments recreation grounds Brentford Market and Runnymede Rifle Range and for other purposes. (County Council of Middlesex (General Powers).)

175. An act to authorise the construction of street improvements the rearrangement of buildings and the taking of lands in the parish of St. Margaret and St. John the Evangelist Westminster in the county of London and for other purposes. (St. John's (Westminster) Improvement.)

176. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Todmorden in relation to their water gas and electric lighting undertakings to authorise them to provide and work motor omnibuses and to make further provision with regard to the cleansing and improvement of the River Calder within the borough and with regard to the health improvement and good government of the said borough and for other purposes. (Todmorden Corporation.)

177. An act to confer further powers upon the Tottenham and Edmonton Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Edmonton Gas.)

178. An act to incorporate the Macclesfield and District Tramways Company and to empower that Company to make and maintain tramways and other works in the county of Chester and for other purposes. (Macclesfield and District Tramways.)

179. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Poole to acquire the undertaking of the Poole Waterworks Company to construct additional waterworks and to supply water within the said borough and the neighbourhood thereof and for other purposes. (Poole Corporation Water.)

180. An act to empower the Corporation of London to widen Blackfriars Bridge to construct a tramway thereover and to confer other powers upon them with respect to that and other bridges to authorise agreements between the Corporation and the London County Council and for other purposes. (Corporation of London (Blackfriars and other Bridges).)

181. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work tramways in the county of London and to make street improvements and other works and acquire lands and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

182. An act for conferring further powers upon the County of Durham Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (County of Durham Electric Power Supply.)

183. An act to provide for the vesting of the undertaking of the Donegal Railway Company in the Midland Railway Company and in a Joint Committee of that Company and the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to incorporate such Joint Committee and to transfer that committee certain of the powers of the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) in connexion with the undertaking of the Strabane and Letterkenny Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern (Ireland) and Midland Railways.)

184. An act to incorporate a body of Conservators for the preservation and management as public open spaces of certain commons in the rural district of Henley in the county of Oxford and for other purposes. (Nettlebed and District Commons (Preservation).)

185. An act to confer further powers upon the Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Shropshire Worcestershire and Staffordshire Electric Power.)

186. To extend the Municipal and Police Boundaries of the Burgh of Buckhaven Methil and Innerleven to authorise the Provost Magistrates and Councillors of the Burgh to construct a new street and for other purposes. (Buckhaven Methil and Innerleven Burgh Extension.)

187. An act for preventing by agreement with the present owners of certain lands in the administrative county of London the future erection of buildings and structures on such lands and for other purposes. (London Squares and Enclosures (Preservation).)

188. An act for the preservation of the sources of water supply of the Sutton District Water Company and for other purposes. (Sutton District Waterworks.)

189. An act to empower the Corporation of Kingston-upon-Hull to lay down additional tramways to execute certain street works and to confer further powers on them in regard to their water and electricity undertakings and the improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation.)

190. An act to vest in the Corporation of Pontefract the undertakings of the Pontefract Park Trustees and the Pontefract Gas Company and to make further provision for the local government of the borough and the water supply thereto and for other purposes. (Pontefract Corporation.)

191. An act to make further provision in regard to the supply of electrical energy by the mayor aldermen and councillors of the metropolitan borough of Hackney and for other purposes. (Hackney Electricity.)

192. An act to confer powers upon the Hampstead Garden Suburb Trust Limited for the purpose of enabling that Company to develop and lay out lands as garden suburbs. (Hampstead Garden Suburb.)

123. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

194. An act for empowering the North West London Railway Company to extend their authorised railways and for other purposes. (North West London Railway.)

195. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and councillors of the metropolitan borough of St. Pancras to continue and maintain their stations for generating and transforming electricity and to amend the St. Pancras (Middlesex) Electric Lighting Order 1883. (St. Pancras Electricity.)

196. An act to incorporate the South Lincolnshire Water Company with power to supply water within certain parishes in the county of Lincoln and to authorise that Company and the Urban District Council of Spalding to construct works and provide water and for other purposes. (South Lincolnshire Water.)

197. An act to authorise the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company to raise additional capital for carrying out works within the area transferred to and vested in the Company by the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company Act 1905 and for other purposes. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

198. An act to extend the time limited by the Watford and Edgware Railway Act 1903 for the construction of works and the purchase of lands to authorise agreements between the Watford and Edgware Railway Company and other companies and for other purposes. (Watford and Edgware Railway.)

199. An act to enlarge the powers of the Lancashire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Lancashire Electric Power.)

200. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Bristol to acquire lands to alter the wards of the city and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

201. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clydebank and District Water and Burgh Extension. (Clydebank and District Water and Burgh Extension Order Confirmation.)

202. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Blairgowrie Rattray and District Water. (Blairgowrie Rattray and District Water Board Order.)

203. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation (Superannuation). (Edinburgh Corporation (Superannuation) Order.)

204. An act to confer further powers on the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company.)

205. An act to authorise the construction of certain New Works for improving the Harbour of Dover the abandonment of certain authorised Works by the Dover Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour (Works &c.).)

206. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) and to make further provisions with reference to the undertaking of that company to confer further powers upon the Castleblayney Keady and Armagh Railway Company to extend the time limited by the Kingscourt Keady and Armagh Railway Act 1900 for the completion of works and the purchase of lands and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway (Ireland).)

207. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk and District Tramways. (Falkirk and District Tramways (Extensions) Order Confirmation.)

208. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Ure Elder Fund. (Ure Elder Fund Order Confirmation.)

209. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Suburban Electric Tramways. (Edinburgh Suburban Electric Tramways Order Confirmation.)

210. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ardrossan Saltcoats and District Tramways. (Ardrossan Saltcoats and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

211. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunbartonshire Tramways. (Dunbartonshire Tramways Order Confirmation.)

212. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline and District Tramways. (Dunfermline and District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

