Local Acts passed in 1907, 7 Edward 7 c.1 - c.176.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 45.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Port Seton Deviation). (Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Port Seton Deviation) Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to make provision with reference to the substitution of a memorandum and articles of association for the existing constitution and regulations of the Royal Insurance Company and for extending its objects and to repeal in part the Royal Insurance Company’s Act 1891 and for other purposes. (Royal Insurance Company’s.)

3. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of tramways and other works authorised by the West Riding Tramways Act 1904. (West Riding Tramways.)

4. An act to extend the jurisdiction of the Company of Proprietors of the Lower Navigation of the River Medway and for other purposes. (Medway Lower Navigation.)

5. An act to remove the restrictions in respect of sulphur compounds (other than sulphuretted hydrogen) now imposed upon certain gas companies. (Gas Companies (Removal of Sulphur Restrictions).)

6. An act for conferring further powers upon the Basingstoke Gas Company. (Basingstoke Gas.)

7. An act for conferring further powers upon the Falmouth Gas Company. (Falmouth Gas.)

8. An act to rearrange and increase the capital of and to alter and extend the memorandum of association and the objects and powers of the Staveley Coal and Iron Company Limited and for other purposes. (Staveley Coal and Iron Company Limited.)

9. An act to extend the time for the completion of the authorised pier and works of the Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Grand Pier.)

10. An act for conferring further powers upon the North East London Railway Company with respect to their undertaking and for other purposes. (North East London Railway.)

11. An act to amend the provisions of the London and North Western Railway Act 1854 with respect to Superannuation Fund. (London and North Western Railway (Superannuation Fund).)

12. An act for the abandonment of the Plymouth and North Devon Direct Railway. (Plymouth and North Devon Direct Railway (Abandonment).)

13. An act to provide for an increase of the share capital of Borax Consolidated Limited and for the conversion of the ordinary shares of the Company into preferred ordinary shares and deferred ordinary shares and for other purposes. (Borax Consolidated Limited.)

14. An act to confer further powers on the Folkestone Sandgate and Hythe Tramways Company for widening and altering roads and acquiring lands and for other purposes. (Folkestone Sandgate and Hythe Tramways.)

15. An act to authorise the working of mines and minerals under and adjacent to the portion of the Bridgewater Canal extending from Monton Bridge in the county of Lancaster to Leigh in the same county and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal (Bridgewater Canal).)

16. An act to confer further powers on the West Yorkshire Tramways Company for widening and altering roads and acquiring lands and for other purposes. (Yorkshire Tramways.)

17. An act to authorise the Mitcham and Wimbledon District Gaslight Company to construct new works to raise additional capital to convert their existing capital and for other purposes. (Mitcham and Wimbledon Gas.)

18. An act to empower the Corporation of Birmingham to acquire further lands for the purposes of the Military Lands Acts 1892 to 1903 and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation.)

19. An act to confer further powers upon the Newquay and District Water Company to extend their limits for the supply of water to authorise the construction of works and the raising of money and for other purposes. (Newquay and District Water.)

20. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Middlesbrough to construct a transporter bridge across the River Tees and to discontinue the Middlesbrough and Port Clarence Ferry and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Corporation (Transporter Bridge).)

21. An act to alter and enlarge the provisions of the Charters incorporating the Royal Bank of Scotland and of an act amending the same. (Royal Bank of Scotland.)

22. An act to vary the style or qualification of licentiates of the Society of Apothecaries of London and for other purposes. (Apothecaries.)

23. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Maidstone Gas Company and for other purposes. (Maidstone Gas.)

24. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of the city of Bristol to raise further moneys for completion of authorised dock works and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

25. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Burnley to retain sell or otherwise dispose of surplus lands and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation.)

26. An act for conferring further powers on the Tyne Improvement Commissioners and for amending certain of the Tyne Improvement Acts 1850 to 1902 and for other purposes. (Tyne Improvement.)

27. An act to define and sanction the existing water undertaking of the urban district council of Keswick in the county of Cumberland to authorise the construction of new works to define the limits for the supply of water and for other purposes. (Keswick Urban District Council (Water).)

28. An act to authorise the Brecon and Merthyr Tydfil Junction Railway Company to acquire additional lands and to raise further money and for other purposes. (Brecon and Merthyr Railway.)

29. An act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to raise additional capital. (Port Talbot Railway and Docks.)

30. An act to empower the Manchester Ship Canal Company to acquire lands and to confer upon that Company further powers in relation to the supply of water in their canal and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal (Various Powers).)

31. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Shanklin Gas Company and other purposes. (Shanklin Gas.)

32. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of works for the South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways and to authorise the raising of additional capital by the South Eastern Railway Company. (South Eastern and London Chatham and Dover Railways.)

33. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to establish and regulate a pension fund and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway (Pension Fund).)

34. An act to regulate and facilitate the increase of the capital of the Simon-Carves Bye-Product Coke Oven Construction and Working Company Limited and for other purposes. (Simon-Carves Bye-Product Coke Oven Construction and Working Company Limited.)

35. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Grays and Tilbury Gas Company. (Grays and Tilbury Gas.)

36. An act to incorporate the Brockenhurst Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply with gas the parish of Brockenhurst in the county of Southampton. (Brockenhurst Gas.)

37. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Boston Spa Gas Company. (Boston Spa Gas.)

38. An act for rendering valid certain Letters Patent granted to Richard Harrison for an invention for improvements in or connected with elastic wheels applicable to motor and other vehicles. (Harrison's Patent.)

39. An act to authorise the urban district council of St. Neot’s to acquire the undertaking of the St. Neot’s Water Company and to supply water throughout their district and the neighbourhood thereof and for other purposes. (St. Neot’s Urban District Council.)

40. An act for transferring to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners the endowments of the rectory of Sutton Coldfield in the county of Warwick and for providing for the re-endowment of the said rectory and for the application of the income and capital of the transferred endowments and for other ecclesiastical purposes. (Sutton Coldfield Rectory.)

41. An act for amending certain provisions of the Birmingham Corporation Water Acts in regard to repayment of moneys borrowed for the purposes of those Acts and for other purposes. (Birmingham Corporation Water.)

42. An act to amend the Great Yarmouth Port and Haven Acts of 1866 and 1900 to confer further powers upon the Great Yarmouth Port and Haven Commissioners and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Port and Haven.)

43. An act to confer further powers on the Taff Vale Railway Company and for other purposes. (Taff Valley Railway.)

44. An act to empower the General Accident Fire and Life Assurance Corporation Limited to issue insurance coupons and for other purposes. (General Accident Fire and Life Assurance Corporation.)

45. An act to make provision with reference to claims by policy holders and other persons against other companies or persons for compensation or payment in respect of injuries. (Ocean Accident and Guarantee Corporation Limited.)

46. An act to confirm a Scheme made under the London Government Act 1899 relating to the Southwark Borough Market. (London Government Scheme (Southwark Borough Market) Confirmation)

47. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

48. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 relating to Lands in the Metropolitan Boroughs of Paddington and Battersea and in the Parish of Chipping Barnet. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

49. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Oregon Mortgage Company Limited. (Oregon Mortgage Company Limited Order Confirmation.)

50. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Railway and Canal Traffic Act 1888 containing the Schedule of Maximum Tolls and Charges applicable to the New Junction Canal of the Undertakers of the Aire and Calder Navigation. (Canal Tolls and Charges (New Junction Canal) Order Confirmation.)

51. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of certain lands in the Parish of Keadby in the County of Lincoln (Parts of Lindsey). (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation No. 1).)

52. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of the Oulton Carlton &c. Marshes in the Parishes of Oulton Carlton Colville and Barnby in the County of Suffolk. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

53. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Dublin and Fermoy. (Local Government Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

54. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Aston Manor (Extension to Erdington) Chesham (Amendment) Hipperholme (Amendment) Lytham Newark (Amendment) Penrith (Amendment) Pontefract and Stockport (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

55. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to the rural district of Cork. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

56. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to the Burgh of Arbroath. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

57. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made, by' the JBoard of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1382 and 1888 relating to Minehead and Dunster Rhymney Valley (Gelligaer Mynyddislwyn and Bedwellty) and St. Albans and District. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Ladybank Sewerage Drainage and Water. (Ladybank Sewerage Drainage and Water Order Confirmation.)

59. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable; the Councils of the Administrative County of Surrey and the County Boroughs of Birkenhead and Southport to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Surrey &c).)

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 2).)

61. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clyde Navigation. (Clyde Navigation Order Confirmation.)

62. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Corporation. (Dundee Corporation Order Confirmation.)

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dorking Water Freshwater Gas New Tredegar Gas and Water Skegness Gas and Woking Distinct Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

64. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Levenhall Extension). (Portobello and Musselburgh Tramways (Levenhall Extension) Order Confirmation.)

65. An act to confer further powers upon the Southend Waterworks Company to extend their limits for the supply of water to authorise the transfer to them of the water undertakings of the urban district council of Leigh-on-Sea and the rural district council of Billericay to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Southend Waterworks.)

66. An act to incorporate the Burnham (Somerset) Pier Company and to transfer to the Company the powers of the Burnham (Somerset) Pier Order 1906 to authorise the Barry Railway Company to subscribe to the capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Burnham (Somerset) Pier.)

67. An act to authorise the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to construct a pier and railways at Hull and to purchase additional lands and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley Railway.)

68. An act to authorise the Southport Birkdale and West Lancashire Water Board to purchase certain waterworks from the Skelmersdale Urban District Council and for other purposes. (Southport Birkdale and West Lancashire Water Board.)

69. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Brighouse in regard to their electricity undertaking and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Brighouse Corporation.)

70. An act to incorporate the President and Council of King Edward’s Hospital Fund for London to provide for the management of the Fund and for other purposes. (King Edward's Hospital Fund for London.)

71. An act to extend the time limited by the Heywood and Middleton Water Board Act 1901 for the construction of waterworks to confer further powers upon the Heywood and Middleton Water Board with respect to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Heywood and Middleton Water Board)

72. An act to extend the time limited by the London United Tramways Act 1901 the London United Tramways Act 1902 and the London United Tramways Act 1904 for the construction of tramways and the acquisition of lands. (London United Tramways.)

73. An act to confer further powers upon the Pontypridd Urban District Council in regard to the appropriation and use of lands to make further provision in regard to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Pontypridd Urban District Council.)

74. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Wisbech Waterworks Company and to confer further powers upon that Company. (Wisbech Water.)

75. An act to authorise the union of the Methodist New Connexion the Bible Christians and the United Methodist Free Churches under the name of "The United Methodist Church" to deal with real and personal property belonging to the said churches or denominations to provide for the vesting of the said property in trust for the United Church so formed and for the assimilation of the trusts thereof and for other purposes. (United Methodist Church.)

76. An act to revive and extend the powers for the purchase of lands and to extend the time limited for the completion of the railway and works authorised by the Great Northern and City Railway Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Great Northern and City Railway.)

77. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Rawtenstall to construct and work tramways and to provide and work omnibuses to confer further powers upon them in relation to their electricity and markets undertakings to authorise them to construct a street work and to acquire lands and to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough of Rawtenstall and for other purposes. (Rawtenstall Corporation.)

78. An act to authorise the construction of new works and taking of lands by the Great Central Railway Company to sanction and confirm agreements between the Great Central Railway Company and the Blyton and Frodingham Light Railway and North Lindsey Light Railways Companies and to authorise the construction of new railways and wharves in the county of Lincoln by the North Lindsey Light Railways Company to authorise the construction of new railways by the Great Central Railway Company and the Great Northern Railway Company for the purposes of the West Riding and Grimsby Railways to make further provision with respect to the Great Western and Great Central Joint Railways and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

79. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Devonport with reference to their water undertaking and their electrical undertaking to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the said borough and for other purposes. (Devonport Corporation.)

80. An act to consolidate with Amendments and Additions the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Tees Valley Water Board. (Tees Valley Water (Consolidation).)

81. An act to empower the Corporation of Leeds, to construct additional waterworks and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation.)

82. An act to transfer the powers of the Kendal Fell Trustees to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Kendal to unite the townships within the borough into one parish, to abolish certain differential rating and for other purposes. (Kendal Corporation.)

83. An act to confer further powers on the Central London Railway Company and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

84. An act to authorise the construction of further waterworks and the taking of water from the River Bure for the purpose of affording increased supplies of water by the Great Yarmouth Waterworks Company and the Lowestoft Water and Gas Company to confer further powers upon those Companies with reference to their respective undertakings and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Waterworks and Lowestoft Water and Gas.)

85. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Bude Gas Company. (Bude Gas.)

86. An act to confer further powers upon the urban district council of King’s Norton and Northfield with respect to tramways and electric lighting and to make further and better provision for the good government of the said district and for other purposes. (King's Norton and Northfield Urban District Council.)

87. An act for conferring further powers upon the London and North Western Railway Company in relation to their own undertaking and upon that Company in conjunction with the Great Western Railway Company in relation to their joint undertaking for enabling the Company to work certain of their railways by electrical power and for other purposes. (London and North Western Railway.)

88. An act to authorise the turban district council of Penrith to construct additional waterworks to extend the limits of the Council for the supply of gas to enlarge the powers of the Council in regard to the supply of water and gas to confer further powers on the Council in regard to markets and for the utilisation of lands allotted under an Enclosure Award and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Penrith Urban District Council.)

89. An act to confer further powers upon the Worthing Gas Light and Coke Company. (Worthing Gas.)

90. An act to enable the Alton Military Hospital to be utilised for the purposes of a Cripples’ Home and College. (Alton Military Hospital.)

91. An act for transferring to the Electric Supply Corporation Limited certain undertakings authorised under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 and for other purposes. (Electric Supply Corporation Limited.)

92. An act to confer further powers on the Ashton-under-Lyne Stalybridge and Dukinfield (District) Waterworks Joint Committee. (Ashton-under-Lyne Stalybridge and Dukinfield (District) Waterworks)

93. An act to authorise the Corporation of the City of Sheffield to construct additional tramways and to execute certain street widenings to confer on the Corporation further powers with respect to their water undertaking their markets undertaking and their electrical undertaking to make further provisions with respect to the regulation of traffic and sanitary matters in the City to amend divers provisions of the local Acts in force in the City and for other purposes. (Sheffield Corporation.)

94. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the Officers and Servants of the Council of the Royal Borough of Kensington and for other purposes. (Kensington Borough Council (Superannuation).)

105. An act to authorise the Corporation of Tynemouth to construct additional works to borrow additional moneys and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation (Water).)

96. An act for conferring powers on the Imperial Tramways Company Limited for constructing a tramway and widening and altering roads in the North Riding of the County of York and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Stockton-on-Tees and Thomaby Tramways.)

97. An act to dissolve the Humber Conservancy Commissioners and the Humber Pilotage Commissioners and to incorporate the Humber Conservancy Board and to confer upon that Board the powers of the Humber Conservancy Commissioners and of the Humber Pilotage Commissioners certain powers of the Hull Trinity House the power to levy dues and other powers and for other purposes. (Humber Conservancy)

98. An act to confer further powers upon the North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply Company and for other purposes. (North Metropolitan Electric Power Supply.)

99. An act to confirm an Agreement delating to the supply of electricity in the borough of Richmond (Surrey) and for other purposes. (Richmond (Surrey) Electricity Supply.)

100. An act to make further provision in regard to the electricity undertaking of the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Sunderland and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Sunderland Corporation.)

101. An act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Coventry in relation to their water undertaking to authorise the supply to them of water by the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Birmingham to extend the area of supply under the Coventry Electric Lighting Order 1891 and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation.)

102. An act to confer farther powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to the construction of tramways and street widenings and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation Tramways.)

103. An act to empower the North British Railway Company to construct a new dock a railway and other works at Methil to confer further powers on the North British Railway Company with reference to their undertaking and upon that Company the Caledonian Railway Company and the Lanarkshire and Dumbartonshire Railway Company with reference to undertakings in which those Companies are interested to authorise the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to lease lands for graving dock and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

104. An act to extend the time for the sale of certain lands reclaimed by the Tees Conservancy Commissioners to enable the Commissioners to establish a superannuation fund and for other purposes. (Tees Conservancy.)

105. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Annfield Plain and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Annfield Plain and District Gas.)

106. An act to make further provision in regard to the local government and improvement of the city of Kingston-upon-Hull and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation.)

107. An act to empower the South Wales Mineral Railway Company to construct a deviation railway to abandon part of their existing railway to raise further money and for other purposes. (South Wales Mineral Railway.)

108. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the rural district of Ballycastle the Bangor and Newtownards Joint Hospital District and the urban district of Dalkey. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

109. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the rural districts of Rathdown (No. 1) Monaghan Balrothery and Belfast. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

110. An act to confirm a Scheme approved and certified by the Board of Education under the Charitable Trusts Act 1853 relating to the Hulme Trust Estates (Educational). (Board of Education Scheme (Hulme Trust Estates Educational Confirmation.)

111. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation. (Aberdeen Corporation Order Confirmation.)

112. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1903 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. [Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 1).)

113. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Acts 1870 relating to Herts and Essex Water Mid-Kent Water and Twyford (Berks) Gas. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

114. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Castleford Egham Formby Grimsby (Extension) Liversedge Maidens and Coombe Mansfield (Extension to Mansfield Woodhouse) Paignton Selby and Stoke-upon-Trent (Extension). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

115. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Tralee and Fenit and Wicklow. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

116. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Southwold. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Audenshaw Urban District Council Tramway Huddersfield Corporation Tramway Leeds Corporation Tramways Taunton Tramways (Extension) and West Ham Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

118. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Pwllheli. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

119. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Fleetwood Portsmouth and Sennen. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

120. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity consisting of the Particular or Calvinistic Baptist Chapel in South Parade in the city of Leeds. (Leeds Particular or Calvinistic Baptist Chapel in South Parade Scheme Confirmation.)

121. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity consisting of the Whitfield Tabernacle Schoolroom and trust property in the parish of Kingswood in the county of Gloucester. (Kingswood Whitfield Tabernacle Scheme Confirmation.)

122. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel in Caroline Street in the borough of Longton in the county of Stafford. (Longton Congregational Chapel in Caroline Street Scheme Confirmation.)

123. An act to confer further powers upon the Portishead District Water Company and for other purposes. (Portishead District Water.)

124. An act for making railways and piers in the counties of Sligo and Mayo to be called the Collooney Ballina and Belmullet Railways and Piers and for other purposes. (Collooney Ballina and Belmullet Railways and Piers.)

125. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct a new railway to widen certain existing railways and to construct other works to‘ acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

126. An act to authorise the urban district council of Broadstairs and St. Peter’s to construct additional waterworks and to confer on the Council further powers in relation to their waterworks undertaking and for other purposes. (Broadstairs and St. Peter's Urban District Water.)

127. An act to confer further powers on the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board to make the Bedwellty and Tredegar Urban District Councils constituent authorities and for other purposes. (Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board.)

128. An act to amend the Acts for appointing a Stipendiary Justice of the Peace for the parish of Merthyr Tydfil and adjoining places to provide for the application of those Acts in the event of the grant of a separate Commission of the Peace for the borough of Merthyr Tydfil and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil Stipendiary Justice.)

129. An act to incorporate the Selsey Water Company and to enable that Company to supply water in certain parishes in the county of Sussex. (Selsey Water.)

130. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company and upon that Company and the Great Western Railway Company and upon the South Yorkshire Joint Line Committee and upon the Cheshire Lines Committee for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to make provision for transferring the Limavady and Dungiven Railway to the Midland Railway Company and to confer powers upon that Company and the Great Central and Hull and Barnsley Railway Companies with respect to certain authorised railways of the Great Central and Hull and Barnsley Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

131. An act for empowering the Corporation of the county borough of Birkenhead to obtain a supply of water from the Rivers Alwen and Brenig in the county of Denbigh and for other purposes. (Birkenhead Corporation Water.)

132. An act to enable His Majesty’s Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Chester Bournemouth Eastbourne and Southgate for the public service and other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

133. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley Corporation. (Paisley Corporation Order Confirmation.)

134. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Burgh, of Leith. (Leith Burgh Order Confirmation.)

135. An act to confer further powers on the lord provost magistrates and town council of the city and royal burgh of Aberdeen in connection with their electricity undertaking and for other purposes. (Aberdeen Corporation Electricity.)

136. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the National Trust for Places of Historic Interest or Natural Beauty. (National Trust.)

137. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Llandrindod Wells Gas Company and for other purposes. (Llandrindod Wells Gas.)

138. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

139. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the construction of the Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway and for other purposes. (Neath Pontardawe and Brynaman Railway.)

140. An act to provide for the union of the parishes in the City of London into one parish and to make better provision for the local government of the said City and for other purposes. (City of London (Union of Parishes).)

141. An act to authorise the Swansea Harbour Trustees to further extend the west pier of Swansea Harbour and to construct a breakwater on the eastern side of the entrance channel of the said harbour and for other purposes. (Swansea Harbour.)

142. An act to vest the existing tramways in the city of Oxford in the City of Oxford Electric Tramways Limited and to authorise that Company to remove and reconstruct the same and to construct additional tramways in and adjacent to the city and for other purposes. (Oxford and District Tramways.)

143. An act to empower the District Committee of the First or Upper District of the County of Renfrew to construct and maintain waterworks and to supply water within their district to authorise the county council of the county of Renfrew to acquire the undertaking of the Busby Water Company and other lands and servitudes for the purposes of such water supply to authorise and require the said county council to levy assessments and to borrow money for such waterworks undertaking and supply to authorise the county council to acquire land for sewage purification works and for other purposes. (Renfrewshire Upper District (Eastwood and Mearns) Water.)

144. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work new tramways and to alter and reconstruct existing tramways and make street improvements and other works in the county of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

145. An act to confer further powers on the Colne Valley Water Company for the raising of capital and for other purposes. (Colne Valley Water.)

146. An act to authorise the Corporation of the city of Glasgow to construct new tramways and a storm-water overflow to extend the period for the construction of sewage works and the acquisition of properties to' make provision with reference to the testing of the illuminating power of the gas supply the stand-by supply of electrical energy the police courts the sale of fcoal weights and measures the filling up of casual vacancies in the Corporation the meetings of the Corporation the representation of the Corporation in the Convention of Royal Burghs of Scotland the borrowing of further moneys for the tramways and the sewage undertakings of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Glasgow Corporation.)

147. An act to confer further powers upon the North Staffordshire Railway Company to confirm an agreement for the purchase by that Company of the railway of the Cheadle Railway Company Limited and for other purposes. (North Staffordshire Railway.)

148. An act for empowering the urban district council of Armagh to acquire the undertaking of the Armagh Toll Committee for extinguishing the Council’s liability to pay an annual road contribution to the Armagh County Council for making further provision for the health and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Armagh Urban District Council.)

149. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Burgh and County Tramways. (Dumbarton Burgh and County Tramways Order Confirmation.)

150. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Burgh of Dumbarton. (Dumbarton Burgh Order Confirmation.)

151. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnsley Neath West Ham and Wood Green. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

152. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birkenhead Lincoln Milford Haven Shipley and Warrington. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

153. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brumby and Frodingham the Appleby Joint Cemetery District and the Rugby Joint Hospital District. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

154. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath Handforth Liverpool Nantwich Penryn Pontardawe (Rural) Sheffield and the South Staffordshire Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Bocal Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

104. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chester Chorley Fenton Hanwell Rochford (Rural) Scunthorpe and the Thornton Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

156. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Dunstable and the Counties of West Suffolk and East Sussex and West Sussex. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders' Confirmation (No. 6).)

157. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnstable Coventry Honiton and Wallasey. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

158. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chelmsford and Merthyr Tydfil. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

159. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Hertford the Goole Joint Hospital District and the Oakengates and Dawley Joint Water Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

160. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bradford (Yorks) Northampton and Wigan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

161. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Evesham Melton Mowbray the Dewsbury Joint Hospital District and the Mid-Sussex Joint Water District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 11).)

162. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the Borough of East Ham and Urban Districts of Barking Town and Ilford and the Borough of Sunderland. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 12).)

163. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Norwich and the Counties of London and Middlesex. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

164. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Portsmouth and the Waltham Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

165. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Manchester. (Local Government Board’s Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

166. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway. (Caledonian Railway Order Confirmation.)

167. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kilmarnock Corporation Water. (Kilmarnock Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

168. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Inverness Royal Academy and Educational Endowments. (Inverness Royal Academy Order Confirmation.)

169. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Harbour. (Aberdeen Harbour Order Confirmation.)

170. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire County Council. (Lanarkshire County Council Order Confirmation.)

171. An act to provide for uniform scales of charges for water applicable throughout the limits of supply of the Metropolitan Water Board and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Water Board (Charges).)

172. An act to empower the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to raise additional capital for the construction and completion of the dock extension and other works in connection therewith authorised by the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Acts 1904 and 1906 and for the general purposes of their undertaking. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway (Additional Capital &c.).)

173. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

174. An act to empower the Metropolitan Water Board to make waterworks and other works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Water Board (Various Powers).)

175. An act to empower the London County Council to execute works and acquire lands to make provisions for the health and well-being of the inhabitants of the county of London to confer powers upon the Council of the Metropolitan Borough of Camberwell and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

176. An act to enable the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the City of York to acquire the rights of the freemen and others in or in respect of certain lands or strays known as the Micklegate Strays and to make provision for the management thereof and for other purposes. (York (Micklegate Strays).)

