Local Acts passed in 1908, 8 Edward 7 c.1 - c.168.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 46.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Transfer of Training Colleges in Scotland. (Transfer of Training Colleges (Scotland) Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Clyde Navigation. (Clyde Navigation (Superannuation) Order Confirmation.)

3. An act to provide for the creation and management of the Madras Railway Annuities and for other purposes. (Madras Railway Annuities.)

4. An act to authorise the sale of Herne Bay Pier and for other purposes. (Herne Bay Pier.)

5. An act to provide for a superannuation scheme for officers and servants of the Great Western Railway Company in substitution for the Great Western Railway Superannuation Fund established under the provisions of the Great Western Railway Act 1864. (Great Western Railway (Superannuation Scheme).)

6. An act to confer further powers on the Dublin and South Eastern Railway Company in relation to their general undertaking and their separate undertakings of the New Ross and Waterford Extension Railways and the City of Dublin Junction Railways and for other purposes. (Dublin and South Eastern Railway.)

7. An act to amend the Glasgow Building Regulations Act 1900. (Glasgow Corporation.)

8. An act to make further provision with respect to the discharge of compensation waters from the water undertaking of the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield. (Huddersfield Water.)

9. An act for conferring further powers upon the Derby Gas Light and Coke Company. (Derby Gas.)

10. An act to make provision for dealing with the arrears of dividend on the preferred shares of the Interoceanic Railway of Mexico (Acapulco to Vera Cruz) Limited and for the increase and re-arrangement of the capital of the Company and for other purposes. (Interoceanic Railway Of Mexico (Acapulco to Vera Cruz) Limited.)

11. An act to make provision with reference to the registration under the Companies Acts 1862 to 1907 of the Norwich Union Fire Insurance Society as a limited company and the alteration of its constitution the extension of its objects and business and the subdivision of its shares by substituting a memorandum and articles of association for its deed of settlement and existing laws and regulations and for the repeal of the Norwich Union Fire Insurance Society’s Act 1879 and for other purposes. (Norwich Union Fire Insurance Society Limited.)

12. An act to authorise the Rhymney Railway Company to reconstruct their Cardiff Passenger Station to make a new railway to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Rhymney Railway.)

13. An act to extend the period for the completion of the railway authorised by the Knott End Railway Act 1898 to provide for the acquisition by the Knott End Railway Company of the undertaking of the Garstang and Knot End Railway Company and for other purposes. (Knott End Railway.)

14. An act for conferring further powers upon the Hartford Gas Company and for other purposes. (Dartford Gas.)

15. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Eastern Railway Company for extending the time limited by former Acts for the completion of works and the purchase of lands and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway (General Powers).)

16. An act to amend the borrowing powers of the urban district council of Dundalk and for other purposes. (Dundalk Urban District Council.)

17. An act to empower the Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours Company to construct Harbour Works at Fishguard in substitution for certain authorised Harbour Works and Railways in connection therewith and for other purposes. (Fishguard and Rosslare Railways and Harbours.)

18. An act to increase and regulate the Capital of the Argentine North Eastern Railway Company Limited and to fund the arrears of dividend on its preferred stock by the issue of fully paid stock and for other purposes. (Argentine North Eastern Railway Company Limited.)

19. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and servants of the Councils of the metropolitan boroughs of Camberwell Deptford and Hackney and for other purposes. (Camberwell and other Metropolitan Borough Councils (Superannuation).)

20. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Rochdale with reference to their water tramway and electrical undertakings to authorise the construction of a new street and for other purposes. (Rochdale Corporation.)

21. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and servants of the Council of the metropolitan borough of Saint Marylebone and for other purposes. (Saint Marylebone Borough Council (Superannuation).)

22. An act to authorise the urban district council of Skegness to purchase the undertaking of the Skegness Water Company and to make further and better provisions in regard to the health local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Skegness Urban District Council.)

23. An act to enable the Cheshire Lines Committee to acquire additional lands to extend the time for the sale of superfluous lands and for other purposes. (Cheshire Lines.)

24. An act to authorise the Llanelly Gaslight Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Llanelly Gas.)

25. An act for extending and varying the powers of the Great Western Railway Company in respect of certain authorised railways and works and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

26. An act to extend the time for the purchase of lands for and for the completion of certain works authorised by the Hull Barnsley and West Riding Junction Railway and Dock (South Yorkshire Extension Lines) Act 1902 to authorise the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley Railway.)

27. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation (Tramways &c.). (Edinburgh Corporation (Tramways &c.) Order Confirmation.)

28. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Loch Leven Water Power. (Loch Leven Water Power OrderConfirmation.)

29. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Manchester Corporation Tramways. (Order Confirmation (No. 1).)

30. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Leith Harbour and Docks. (Leith Harbour and Docks Order Confirmation.)

31. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

32. An act to confirm the construction by the Conway and Colwyn Bay Joint Water Supply Board of their existing works and to confer upon them further powers and for other purposes. (Conway and Colwyn Bay Joint Water Supply Board.)

33. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the City of Lincoln with respect to their water undertaking and to authorise the Corporation to construct additional waterworks and to extend their limits for the supply of water to consolidate the loans and sinking funds of the Corporation and to borrow money and for other purposes. (Lincoln Corporation (Water &c.).)

34. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands and upon the Midland and North Eastern Railway Companies Committee for the acquisition of lands to provide for the transfer to the South Yorkshire Joint Line Committee of certain powers of the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

35. An act for conferring further powers upon the North East London Railway Company. (North East London Railway.)

36. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands for and completion of works authorised by the Bury and District Joint Water Board Act 1903. (Bury and District Joint Water Board.)

37. An act to confer further powers upon the Draycott Gas Company to repeal certain powers of the Long Eaton Gas Company and for other purposes. (Draycott Gas.)

38. An act for empowering the Cardiff Railway Company to construct new railways for extending the time for the purchase of certain lands and for the completion of certain railways for reviving the powers of the Company to construct certain works for confirming an agreement between the Caerphilly Urban District Council and the Company and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

39. An act for transferring to the University of London the powers and duties of King’s College London in relation to instruction of a university standard in subjects comprised within the faculties in the university other than the faculty of theology and for other matters connected therewith. (King's College London (Transfer).)

40. An act to alter the constitution of the Ashton-under-Lyne Stalybridge and Dukinfield (District) Waterworks Joint Committee and to make the Audenshaw Urban District Council a combining authority and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the urban district of Audenshaw and for other purposes. (Audenshaw Urban District Council.)

41. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Tawe Valley Gas Company and for other purposes. (Tawe Valley Gas.)

42. An act to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised tramways of the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited and for the acquisition of lands in connexion therewith and for other purposes. (Bristol Tramways.)

43. An act for enabling the Cambrian Railways Company to raise further money by the creation and issue of debenture stock. (Cambrian Railways (Debenture Stock).)

44. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Ocean Marine Insurance Company Limited to the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company to increase the capital of and to amend the Acts relating to the latter Company and for other purposes. (North British and Mercantile Insurance Company's.)

45. An act to provide for the sale of the property of the Upton-upon-Severn Town Hall Trustees and for other purposes. (Upton Town Hall.)

46. An act to authorise the sale of the water undertakings of the Blaydon Urban District Council and the Ryton Urban District Council to confer powers upon the Weardale and Consett Water Company and the Newcastle and Gateshead Water Company and for other purpeses. (Blaydon and Ryton Water (Transfer).)

47. An act to provide for the amalgamation of the Crays Gas Company with the Bromley Gas Consumers Company and for other purposes. (Bromley and Crays Gas.)

48. An act to empower the Corporation of Stockport to construct a temporary tramroad and other works in connection with their waterworks and for other purposes. (Stockport Corporation.)

49. An act to authorise the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company to acquire additional lands and to make road works for the purposes of their dock at lmmingham to authorise the said Dock Company and the Great Central Railway Company to acquire additional lands for the purpose of forming junctions between the Dock Company’s railways and the Grimsby District Light Railway and for other purposes. (Humber Commercial Railway and Dock.)

50. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the Southwell District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Southwell District Gas.)

51. An act for transferring to and vesting in the Great Northern Railway Company the undertaking of the Louth and East Coast Railway Company and for other purposes. (Louth and East Coast Railway (Transfer).)

52. An act to enable the Seaham Harbour Dock Company, to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Seaham Harbour Dock.)

53. An act to confer further powers on the Camborne Water Company for the raising of capital and for other purposes. (Camborne Water.)

54. An act to extend the water limits of the urban district council of Briton Ferry and to enlarge their powers in various respects and for other purposes. (Briton Ferry Urban District Council.)

55. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses, of the city of Bristol to construct dock railways and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

56. An act to extend the limits for the supply of gas and water by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Leicester and to confer further powers with respect to electricity milk supply and streets and buildings and to make further provision with respect to sanitary matters and for the good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Leicester Corporation.)

57. An act to make better provisions for the Constitution of the Court of Wardens and Assistants of Rochester Bridge in the county of Kent to empower the Court to contribute to the funds of the New College of Cobham in the same county and for other purposes. (Rochester Bridge.)

58. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Doncaster to construct a new road a light railway and other works within the borough and for other purposes. (Doncaster Corporation.)

59. An act to extend the boundaries of the burgh of Motherwell to authorise the provost magistrates and councillors of the said burgh to construct and maintain sewers and sewage purification works to acquire lands for sewage purification and for other purposes. (Motherwell Burgh Extension and Ben age Purification.)

60. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Swinton and Mexbrough Gas Light Company. (Swinton and Mexbrough Gas.)

61. An act to empower the corporation of Merthyr Tydfil to construct street works and to provide recreation grounds and to make further and better provision with regard to the health improvement and good government of the borough and for other purposes. (Merth Tydfil Corporation.)

62. An act for conferring further powers upon the Garw and Ogmore Gas Company. (Garw and Ogmore Gas.)

63. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

64. An act for making further provision respecting the capital and undertaking of the Metropolitan District Railway Company to authorise the abandonment of works authorised by the Metropolitan District Railway Acts 1897 and 1903 and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

65. An act to confer further powers upon the Taff Vale Railway Company with respect to their Penarth harbour and dock undertaking and for other purposes. (Taff Vale Railway.)

66. An act to provide for the substitution of a memorandum and articles of association for the provisions of the Northern Assurance Acts 1865 1874 1889 and 1899 for the registration of the Northern Assurance Company under the Companies Acts 1862 to 1907 as a company limited by shares and for other purposes. (Northern Assurance.)

67. An act to make provision with reference to the substitution of a memorandum and articles of association for the existing constitution and regulations of the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited and for extending its objects and to repeal the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited Act 1886 the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited Act 1890 and the Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited Act 1900 and for other purposes. (Commercial Union Assurance Company Limited.)

68. An act to empower the Corporation of Leeds to acquire lands and construct works for the disposal of sewage and to lay down tramways and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation.)

69. An act to confer further powers upon the Pontypridd Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Pontypridd Waterworks and Tramroad.)

70. An act for the dissolution and re-incorporation of the Bognor Gaslight and Coke Company Limited and for other purposes. (Bognor Gaslight and Coke Company.)

71. An act to make further provision in regard to the undertaking of the South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company. (South Wales Electrical Power Distribution Company.)

72. An act to authorise the Undertakers of the Aire and Calder Navigation to construct works and acquire lands in connection with their undertaking to amend the Acts relating to the Undertakers to confer further powers upon them and for other purposes. (Aire and Calder Navigation.)

73. An act to empower the Glyncorrwg Urban District Council to construct sewerage works and new roads and for other purposes. (Glyncorrwg Urban District Council.)

74. An act to confer further powers on the provost magistrates and councillors of the burgh of Wishaw in connexion with their electricity undertaking to authorise the laying of mains and pipes in connexion with the supply of gas beyond the burgh and for other purposes. (Wishaw Burgh Electricity &c.)

75. An act to extend the time for the construction of tramways by the Corporation of Wolverhampton and to make further provision in regard to the tramway and water undertakings of the Corporation and the health local government and improvement of their borough and for other purposes. (Wolverhampton Corporation.)

76. An act to confer further powers on the Urban District Council of Finchley in relation to their electricity undertaking and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the district and for other purposes. (Finchley Urban District Council.)

77. An act for amalgamating the Undertakings of the Stratford-upon-Avon Towcester and Midland Junction Railway Company the Evesham Redditch and Stratford-upon-Avon Junction Railway Company and the East and West Junction Railway Company and for other purposes. (Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway (Amalgamation).)

78. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work tramways and make a new street and street improvements and other works in the county of London and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

79. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

80. An act for the abandonment of a portion of the Macclesfield and District Tramways and for other purposes. (Macclesfield and District Tramways (Abandonment).)

81. An act to appoint Special Trustees in regard to certain land and premises of the Honourable Artillery Company and for other purposes. (Honourable Artillery Company.)

82. An act to authorise the provost magistrates and councillors of the burgh of Leith to construct additional tramways and to execute street improvements and for other purposes. (Leith Burgh.)

83. An act to extend the time for the completion of certain works by the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to authorise certain street works in the borough of Worthing and to confer certain powers upon the corporation of Worthing with reference thereto and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

84. An act for empowering the Corporation of the city of Liverpool to execute a widening of Hornby Road to construct a tramway in the township of Litherland and to establish a compensation insurance fund in respect of their officers servants and workmen for making further provisions relating to the water undertaking of the Corporation for making further regulations with respect to buildings sewers and sanitary matters for making certain licensing and registration regulations for authorising the Corporation to purchase the undertaking of the Liverpool Crematorium Company Limited and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation (General Powers).)

85. An act for conferring further powers on the Tyne Improvement Commissioners in reference to dredging. (Tyne Improvement.)

86. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of Widnes in relation to their water gas and market undertakings and the Widnes and Runcorn Bridge undertaking to authorise them to provide and work omnibuses and to make further and better provision for the health improvement and good government of the borough of Widnes and for other purposes. (Widnes Corporation.)

87. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Margate with regard to the audit of accounts and to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes (Margate Corporation.)

88. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with, reference to the construction of waterworks street works and sewerage works and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

89. An act to authorise the corporation of Burnley to construct additional waterworks tramways and street improvements to amend and extend the Acts relating to the borough to confer further powers with respect to the supply of gas water and electricity to make further provisions for the health local government and improvement of the said borough and for other purposes. (Burnley Corporation.)

90. An act to sanction and confirm the existing water undertaking of the urban district council of Ammanford in the county of Carmarthen and for other purposes. (Ammanford Urban District Council (Water).)

91. An act to empower the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited to construct a new tramway and widen certain streets and roads and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Tramways.)

92. An act for conferring further powers on the Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water Company. (Rhymney and Aber Valleys Gas and Water.)

93. An act to constitute and incorporate a Gas Board for the urban districts of Wath-upon-Dearne and Bolton-upon-Dearne in the west riding of the county of York and to transfer to and vest in such Board the undertaking of the Wath-upon-Dearne and District Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Wath and Bolton Gas Board)

94. An act to empower the South West Suburban Water Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (South West Suburban Water.)

95. An act to authorise the corporation of the county borough of Blackburn to construct new tramways in the borough to make street and bridge improvements to borrow money and for other purposes. (Blackburn Corporation.)

96. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Keighley to purchase further lands in connection with their water undertaking to extend the time for the construction of certain waterworks to empower the Corporation to provide and work motor omnibuses and to extend the powera of the Corporation with regard to their gas and electricity undertakings and with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Keighley Corporation.)

97. An act to confer on the Great Northern Piccadilly and Brampton Railway Company further Powers with reference to capital and for other purposes. (Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway.)

98. An act to amend the Thames River Steamboat Service Act 1904 with respect to the tolls rates and charges at the piers and landing-places of the London County Council on the River Thames and for other purposes. (Thames River Steamboat Service Act 1904 (Amendment).)

99. An act to incorporate and confer powers upon the Holderness Water Company for supplying water within the borough of Hedon and adjacent places in the east riding of the county of York. (Holderness Water.)

100. An act for conferring further powers on the London United Tramways Limited for constructing tramways and widening and altering streets and roads and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

101. An act to further extend the time limited for the purchase of lands and for the construction and completion of the tramways and works authorised by the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Act 1903 to provide for the transfer to the corporation of Nottingham of certain of the powers of that Act to authorise the corporation to construct additional tramways and a tramroad and street improvements and for other purposes. (Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways.)

102. An act to incorporate the Sligo and Arigna Railway Company and to empower them to construct a railway in the counties of Sligo and Roscommon and for other purposes. (Sligo and Arigna Railway.)

103. An act to authorise the urban district council of Criccieth to supply water and to acquire the undertaking of the Criccieth Waterworks Company Limited and to make further provision in regard to the local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Criccieth Water and Improvement.)

104. An act to confer further powers upon the Padiham Urban District Council in relation to their gas and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Padiham Urban District Council.)

105. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Central Ireland Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Central Ireland Electric Power.)

106. An act to confer further powers upon the Gosport Gas and Coke Company. (Gosport Gas.)

107. An act to make sanitary provisions applicable to the administrative county of London to amend the London Building Act 1894 to confer powers upon the London County Council and the councils of certain metropolitan boroughs to make provisions with respect to the drainage of parts of the metropolitan borough of Hackney and the urban districts of Tottenham and Willesden and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

108. An act to confer further powers on the Ravensthorpe Urban District Council in regard to their water and electricity undertakings and generally to improve the local government of the district. (Ravensthorpe Urban District Council.)

109. An act for making further provision respecting the undertaking and debenture stock of the Crystal Palace Company and for other purposes. (Crystal Palace Company's.)

110. An act for the preservation of the underground sources of the River Wandle. (River Wandle Protection.)

111. An act to authorise the construction and maintenance of graving dock and quays and other works in connexion therewith at Dover in the county of Kent. (Dover Graving Dock.)

112. An act to provide for the acquisition of Land for the extension of certain Public Offices in Westminster and of the Patent Office and for certain other public purposes. (Public Offices Sites (Extension).)

113. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ayr Corporation Tramways. (Ayr Corporation Tramways Order Confirmation.)

114. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Buckie Burgh and Buckie (Cluny) Harbour. (Buckie Burgh and Buckie (Cluny) Harbour Order Confirmation.)

115. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bispham-with-Norbreck Caldy Manor Carmarthen Fleetwood Halesowen Heswall Lowestoft (Amendment) Lymington (Extension) Portsmouth (Amendment) Southampton (Amendment) and Woking (Extension). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

116. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Barrhead Clydebank (Amendment) Dundee (Extension) and Rutherglen (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bridgend (Extension) Hendon (Amendment) Llandaff and Dinas Powis (Amendment) Llansamlet Oulton Broad Sowerby Bridge (Amendment) and Tewkesbury (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

118. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire Tramways. (Lanarkshire Tramways Order Confirmation.)

119. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water. (Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water Order Confirmation.)

120. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways. (Paisley District Tramways Order Confirmation.)

121. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Blundeston Flixton and Oulton in the county of Suffolk. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

122. An act to confirm a Scheme under the Metropolitan Commons Acts 1866 to 1898 relating to Malden Green in the county of Surrey. (Metropolitan Commons Scheme Confirmation.)

123. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Troon (Loch Bradan) Water. (Troon (Loch Bradan) Water Order Confirmation.)

124. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the rural districts of Limerick (No. 1) and Naas (No. 1) and the County of Westmeath and King’s County and for other purposes. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

125. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the City of Dublin and the urban district of Pembroke (two). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

126. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County Borough of Belfast and the urban district of Letterkenny. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

127. An act to confirm a certain Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Rural District of Rathdown No. 1. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

128. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Galashiels Drainage and Burgh Extension. (Galashiels Drainage and Burgh Extension Order Confirmation.)

129. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk and District Water. (Falkirk and District Water Order Confirmation.)

130. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the London County Council to put into force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (London).)

131. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western Railway Order Confirmation.)

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Liverpool Corporation Tramways Extensions and Potteries and North Staffordshire Tramways (Amendment). (Tramways Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

133. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Brough Water Burgess Hill Water Earby and Thornton Gas East Hull Gas Sevenoaks Water and Stourbridge Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

134. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Waterworks Facilities Act 1870 relating to Caldicot and District Gas Rainford Gas Rothwell Gas Tenterden and District Gas and Woolmer and District Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

135. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Bridgwater Llandudno and Whitley Bay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

136. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Gott Bay and Vaila. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

137. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Rothesay. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanark Corporation. (Lanark Coloration (Extension of Boundaries &c.) Order Confirmation.)

139. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

140. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Usk and other waters. (Usk Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

141. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Wye and other waters. (Wye Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

142. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath Little Lever Stanhope Stratton and Bude and the Hemel Hempstead Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's visional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

143. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bridlington Fulwood Romford and Weymouth and Holcombe Regis. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

144. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bromley Crewe Milford Haven Rhyl Sawbridgeworth and York. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

145. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bethnal Green Bradfield (Rural) Cambridge Spennymoor Surbiton and Worthing and the Accrington and Church Outfall Sewerage District (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to East Ham Gateshead Neath Salford and Shipley and the Birmingham Tame and Rea Main Sewerage District and the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-Pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders. Confirmation (No. 6).)

147. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abergavenny Newport Newton Abbot Stockport and Waterloo-with-Seaforth and the Wirral Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

148. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Crewe. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 8).)

149. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barry Bradford (Yorks) and Sutton in Ashfield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

150. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bethesda Monmouth and the Aspatria Silloth and District Joint Water Board District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No 10).)

151. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Burton-upon-Trent. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

152. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh and District Water. (Edinburgh and District Water Order Confirmation.)

153. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Towyn Trewan Common in the County of Anglesey. (Commons Regulation (Towyn Trewan) Provisional Order.)

154. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the Councils of the Administrative County of Cornwall and the County Borough of Swansea to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Cornwall) &c.)

155. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy and Dysart Water. (Kirkcaldy and Dysart Water Order Confirmation.)

156. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners relating to the Buxton (Congregational Chapel) Charity. (Buxton Congregational Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

157. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners relating to the Long Ashton (Congregational Chapel Schoolroom) Charity. (Long Ashton Congregational Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

158. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners relating to the Abbots Bromley (Congregational Chapel) Charity. (Abbots Bromley Congregational Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

159. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway. (North British Railway Order Confirmation.)

160. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Perth Corporation. (Perth Corporation Order Confirmation.)

161. An act to enable His Majesty’s Postmaster-General to acquire lands in London Glasgow Bolton Devonport Dover Ilford and Stroud for the public service and for other purposes. (Post Office (Sites).)

162. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas. (Edinburgh and Leith Corporations Gas Order Confirmation.)

163. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Water of Leith Purification and Sewerage. (Water of Leith Purification and Sewerage Order Confirmation.)

164. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the Boroughs of Burslem Hanley Longton and Stoke-upon-Trent and the Urban Districts of Fenton and Tunstall, (Local Government, Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

165. An act for conferring on the Corporation of the City of Liverpool further powers for the better regulation of buildings the formation of streets and the laying out and development of estates within the City and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation (Streets and. Buildings).)

166. An act for making railways in the County of Down to be called the Ards Railways and for other purposes. (Ards Railways.)

167. An act to confer further powers and to make further provision with respect to the supply of electrical energy in London. (London Electric Supply.)

168. An act to confer further powers upon the Kensington and Knightsbridge Electric Lighting Company Limited the Notting Hill Electric Lighting Company Limited the Saint James’ and Pall Mall Electric Light Company Limited the Westminster Electric Supply Corporation Limited and the Central Electric Supply Company Limited with respect to the supply of electrical energy and for other purposes. (London (Westminster and Kensington) Electric Supply Companies'.)

