Local Acts passed in 1910, 10 Edward 7 & 1 George 5 c.1 - c.145.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 48.
---

1. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to King’s County Queen’s County and the Counties of Meath and Westmeath. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Town of Arklow. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

3. An act to confer upon the River Wear Commissioners further power with respect to dues rates and charges. (Wear Navigation and Sunderland Dock.)

4. An act to amend the Mersey Railway Act 1900 and for other purposes. (Mersey Railway.)

5. An act for conferring powers of supply on the Wicklow District Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Wicklow Gas.)

6. An act to incorporate the Trustees of the Bankers Guarantee and Trust Fund and to enlarge the powers vested in such Trustees and for other purposes. (Bankers Guarantee and Trust Fund Incorporation.)

7. An act to dissolve the Dublin and Liverpool Steamship Building Company and to enable the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to issue preference stock and for other purposes. (City of Dublin Steam Packet Company's.)

8. An act for transferring to and vesting in the Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway Company the undertaking of the Northampton and Banbury Junction Railway Company to confer further powers on the Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway Company and for other purposes. (Stratford-upon-Avon and Midland Junction Railway (Various Powers).)

9. An act to incorporate the National Provident Institution and to provide for the management of its affairs and for other purposes. (National Provident Institution.)

10. An act to incorporate the Standard Life Assurance Company and to consolidate and amend the provisions of the various Acts relating to that Company and to provide for the management of its affairs to confer further powers on the Company and for other purposes. (Standard Life Assurance Company's.)

11. An act to make provision for ascertaining the holders of the ordinary shares in the Charnwood Forest Railway Company and with respect to the register of shareholders of the Company and for other purposes. (Charnwood Forest Railway.)

12. An act for incorporating and conferring power's on the Farnham Gas and Electricity Company. (Farnham Gas and Electricity.)

13. An act to authorise the use of mechanical power upon the tramway of the Morecambe Tramways Company to confer powers on the Company with respect to capital and for other purposes. (Morecambe Tramways Company's.)

14. An act to vary and define the rights of the holders of certain shares in the capital of the Assam Railways and Trading Company Limited and for other purposes. (Assam Railways and Trading Company's.)

15. An act to incorporate the Gowerton Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply gas in certain parts of the county of Glamorgan and for other purposes. (Gowerton Gas.}

16. An act to make further and better provision with respect to the repair of sewers and drains in the Urban District of Surbiton and for other purposes. (Surbiton Urban District Council.)

17. An act for amalgamating the Bishop’s Stortford and District Gas Company the Harlow and Sawbridgeworth Gas Company and the Epping Gas Company and for vesting in the amalgamated Company the undertakings of the Ongar Gas Company Limited the Newport (Essex) Gas Company Limited and the Much Hadham Gas Company Limited to empower the amalgamated Company to supply Electricity and for other purposes. (Bishop's Stortford Harlow and Epping Gas and Electricity.)

18. An act to authorise the execution of experimental dock works at Saint Just-in-Roseland in the county of Cornwall and for other purposes. (Saint Just-in-Roseland Experimental Dock Works.)

19. An act to sanction and confirm the construction of existing works of the Southend Waterworks Company to authorise the construction of new works to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Southend Waterworks.)

20. An act to incorporate the Thorne and District Water Company and to confer power upon that Company to supply water. (Thorne and District Water.)

21. An act to confer further powers upon the Yorkshire Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Yorkshire Electric Power.)

22. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company in respect of their undertaking for amalgamating the Bala and Festiniog Railway Company with the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway (General Powers).)

23. An act for incorporating and conferring powers upon the Garnant Gas Company. (Garnant Gas.)

24. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Provident Free Home Assurance Company Limited to the Provident Association of London Limited and for other purposes. (Provident Association of London.)

25. An act to empower the Mayor Aldermen and Burgesses of the borough of Tynemouth to provide additional accommodation for the trade at their fish quays and to acquire lands for the purpose to confer further powers upon them in relation to their fish quay undertaking and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Corporation.)

26. An act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick in relation to their gasworks undertaking and for other purposes. (Matlock Bath and Scarthin Nick Urban District Council.)

27. An act to provide for the registration of the Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company under the Companies (Consolidation) Act 1908 as a Company limited by shares to convert existing stock of the Company into shares and increase the capital of the Company to convert the Globe Six per Cent. Perpetual Annuities into debenture stock and transfer the Globe Six per Cent. Perpetual Annuity Guarantee Fund to extend the objects of the Company and for other purposes. (Liverpool and London and Globe Insurance Company's.)

28. An act to further extend the powers of the Central Argentine Railway Limited to consolidate its debenture stocks to amend the Central Argentine and Rosario Railway Act 1902 and for other purposes. (Central Argentine Railway Limited.)

29. An act to extend the area of supply of the Reading Electric Supply Company Limited to confer further powers upon that Company in relation to their undertaking and for other purposes. (Reading and District Electric Supply.)

30. An act to authorise the purchase by the Corporation of the City of London of certain tithe rates leviable in the ecclesiastical parish of St. Botolph Without Aldgate and for other purposes. (City of London (Tithes and Rates).)

31. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Railway Passengers Assurance Company to the North British and Mercantile Insurance Company and for other purposes. (Railway Passengers Assurance Company (Transfer to North British and Mercantile Insurance Company).)

32. An act to amalgamate the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company and the Charing Cross Euston and Hampstead Railway Company with the Great Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway Company and to confer further powers on the Great Northern Piccadilly and Brompton Railway Company and for other purposes. (London Electric Railway Amalgamation)

33. An act for transferring to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certain endowments of the rectory of Saint Mary Stockport in the county of Chester and for providing for the re-endowment of the said rectory and for the application of the income and capital of the transferred endowments and for transferring the advowson of the said rectory and for other ecclesiastical purposes. (Saint Mary Stockport Rectory.)

34. An act to confer further powers on the South Lincolnshire Water Company. (South Lincolnshire Water.)

35. An act for conferring further powers upon the Exmouth Gas Company. (Exmouth Gas.)

36. An act to confer further powers upon the Brighton and Hove General Gas Company. (Brighton and Hove Gas.)

37. An act to confer further powers on the East Grinstead Gas and Water Company and for other purposes. (East Grinstead Gas and Water.)

38. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Egremont Gas Light and Coke Company to the Egremont Urban District Council and the acquisition by that Council of gas mains in their district and in part of St. John Beckermet not belonging to the company and to authorise that Council to construct and maintain gasworks and supply gas and for other purposes. (Egremont Urban Distinct Council (Gas).)

39. An act to authorise the Exmouth Urban District. Council to construct waterworks and for other purposes. (Exmouth Urban District Water.)

40. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Worksop to purchase the undertaking of the Worksop Waterworks Company and to supply water within the urban district of Worksop and the neighbourhood thereof and to make further provision in regard to the local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Worksop Urban District Council.)

41. An act for incorporating the Mansfield Railway Company and authorising them to construct railways in the county of Nottingham and for other purposes. (Mansfield Railway.)

42. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to acquire additional land for the general purposes of their undertaking to extend the periods limited by former Acts for completing certain works to construct further works and subways jointly with other Companies in connexion with their respective undertakings and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

43. An act to authorise the construction of new railways and works and the acquisition of additional lands by the Great Central Railway Company and by the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company to authorise the construction of a new railway by the Great Central and Hull and Barnsley Railway Companies jointly and to make further provision with respect to the existing joint railways of the Great Central and Hull and Barnsley Railway Companies and for other purposes. (Great Central Railway.)

44. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Nottingham and county of the same city to construct tramways and street improvements and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

45. An act to empower the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Belfast to acquire the undertaking of the Cavehill and Whitewell Tramway Company and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation (Tramways).)

46. An act to extend the time limited by the Cardiff Railway Acts 1897 1898 1899 1903 1904 1906 and 1908 for the purchase of certain lands and for the completion of Railway No. 2 authorised by the Cardiff Railway Act 1908 to authorise the Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Cardiff Railway.)

47. An act for incorporating the Wimbledon and Sutton Railway Company and authorising them to construct railways and works in the county of Surrey and for other purposes. (Wimbledon and Sutton Railway.)

48. An act to empower the Corporation of Blackpool to purchase the sea-water baths known as the North Shore Baths in the borough to empower the Corporation to provide and maintain sea-water and fresh-water swimming and other baths and for other purposes. (Blackpool Improvement.)

49. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Great Grimsby Gas Company and to confer further powers upon the Company. (Great Grimsby Gas.)

50. An act to empower the Baker Street and Waterloo Railway Company to construct a subway and for other purposes. (Baker Street and Waterloo Railway.)

51. An act to empower the urban district council of Mallow to supply gas and to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the New Mallow Gas Company Limited to the Council and for other purposes. (Mallow Urban District Gas.)

52. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and the acquisition of lands to authorise the County Donegal Railways Joint Committee to subscribe further moneys to the capital of the Strabane and Letterkenny Railway Company and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

53. An act for confirming the construction of works and authorising the construction of new works for conferring further powers upon the South Hants Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (South Hants Water.)

54. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the management of various Charities in the City and County of the City of Norwich. (Norwich Charities Scheme Confirmation.)

55. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1890 relating to Glasgow University (Chair of Clinical Medicine and Chair of Clinical Surgery). (Glasgow University (Chair of Clinical Medicine and Chair of Clinical Surgery) Order Confirmation.)

56. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Muirhead Trust. (Muirhead Trust Order Confirmation.)

57. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to St. Mungo’s College. (St. Mungo's College Order Confirmation.)

58. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1801 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Iken Sudbourne Orford Gedgrave and Chillesford in the County of Suffolk. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

59. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline and District Tramways. (Dunfermline and District Tramways (Extensions) Order Confirmation.)

60. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy Corporation. (Kirkcaldy Corporation Order Confirmation.)

61. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wemyss Tramways. (Wem Tramways (Extensions) Order Confirmation.)

62. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway. (Caledonian Railway Order Confirmation.)

63. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Navan and Swinford. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

64. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Rural Districts of Rathdrum and Balrothery and the Urban District of Warrenpoint. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

65. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Rural Districts of Belfast Enniskillen and Rathdown No. 1 and the Urban District of Kinsale. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

66. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to King’s County (four) and the Rural District of Larne. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

67. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886 and the Metropolitan Police Courts Act 1897. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

68. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Brownhills and District Gas Builth Wells Gas Chertsey Gas Cranleigh Gas and Llanidloes Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

69. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Burnham Gas Dinnington and District Gas Highbridge Gas and Pinner Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

70. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Ripley Gas Rowley Regis and Blackheath Gas Sheffield Gas and Swansea Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

71. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ballochroy Newlyn and Yentnor. (Pier and Harbour Orders (No. 1).)

72. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Rhyl Torquay and Worthing. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

73. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Clydebank and District Water. (Clydebank and District Water Order Confirmation.)

74. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Paisley Gas. (Paisley Gas Order Confirmation.).

75. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Chesham (Extension) Church Clevedon Dawlish (Amendment) Derby (Extension) Gorseinon Huddersfield (Extension to South Crosland) Ormskirk (Amendment) Runcorn Urban and Runcorn Rural Runcorn (Weston) Smethwick (Amendment) and Widnes (Amendment). (Electric Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

76. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Ardrossan Saltcoats and District Cambuslang (Extension) Cowdenbeath Lochgelly and District and Skelmorlie. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

77. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Bath (Extension). (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

78. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aberavon Farnham (Rural) Rochdale and the Tewkesbury Joint Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

79. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Abertillery New Hunstanton and Stockton-on-Tees. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

80. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burnley Southend-on-Sea the Croydon Rural and Merton Joint Hospital District and the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

81. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bolton Burnley Oldham and Sheffield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

82. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Hanwell Harpenden Merthyr Tydfil Pontypridd and Scunthorpe. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

83. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Chesterfield and Wakefield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

84. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bedford Caerphilly Epping (Rural) Guildford Leek (Rural) Morpeth Richmond (Surrey) and Rotherham (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

85. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighton Honiton Oxford Torquay and West Hartlepool. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

86. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-under-Lyne Blackburn Carlisle Leigh-on-Sea Newcastle-upon-Tyne and Sheffield (two). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

87. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the North East Durham Joint Small-Pox Hospital District the North East Kent United Districts the Conway and Penmaenmawr and the Windsor and Egham Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

88. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath and Bollington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

89. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Wallsend. (Local Government Beard's Provisional Order (No. 15).)

90. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London).)

91. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Berks and Surrey the County Boroughs of Birmingham and Swansea and the Urban District of Rhondda to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Berks &c.).)

92. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to King’s County and the County of Tipperary (North Riding). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

93. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Sutton District Waterworks. (Water Provisional Order.)

94. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Barnstaple Water Clielsham and Woldingham Water East Kent District Water and South Kent Water. (Water Orders Confirmation.)

95. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Highland Railway. (Highland Railway Order Confirmation.)

96. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Falkirk Corporation Gas. (Falkirk Gas Order Confirmation.)

97. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Ince Thornton le Moors Little Stanney Great Stanney Stoke Wervin Wimbolds Trafford Picton Bridge Trafford Mickle Trafford Barrow Guilden Sutton Christleton Tarvin and Cotton Edmunds in the County of Chester. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

98. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Bourne and Thurlby in the county of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

99. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Port of London Act 1908 relating to the Registration of Craft by the Port of London Authority. (Port of London (Registration of Craft) Order Confirmation.)

100. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Port of London Act 1908 relating to the Maximum Port Rates on Goods which may be levied by the Port of London Authority. (Port of London (Port Rates on Goods) Provisional Order.)

101. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Huddersfield Corporation Tramways Milnrow Urban District Council Tramways and Rawtenstall Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

102. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Montrose Water &c. (Montrose Water &c. Order Confirmation.)

103. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Fraserburgh Water. (Fraserburgh Water Order Confirmation.)

104. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Sidlaw Sanatorium. (S Sanatorium (Transfer) Order Confirmation.)

105. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wemyss and District Water. (Wemyss and District Water Order Confirmation.)

106. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Shirebrook and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Shirebrook and District Gas.)

107. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Mountain Ash to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Mountain Ash Water.)

108. An act to confer further powers on the Cambridge University and Town Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Cambridge University and Town Waterworks.)

109. An act to empower the Metropolitan District Railway Company to capitalise the arrears of dividend on their guaranteed stock to reduce the dividend on their first preference stock and to authorise them and the London and South Western Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

110. An act to alter and extend the powers of the Commissioners for the harbour of Padstow to authorise the construction of a pier and other works by them and for other purposes. (Padstow Harbour.)

111. An act to incorporate the Havant Gas Company and to enable that Company to supply gas in the urban district of Havant and other adjoining places. (Havant Gas.)

112. An act to extend the time limited for the construction of certain works by the London United Tramways Limited and for other purposes. (Londo United Tramways.)

113. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southampton to construct tramways street improvements and an embankment and to make further provision in regard to their tramway and electricity undertakings and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Southampton Corporation.)

114. An act to extend the time for the construction of railways by the Barry Railway Company and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

115. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

116. An act to empower the urban district council of Little Hulton to supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of so much of the gas undertaking of the Salford Corporation as is situate within the urban district of Little Hulton and to confirm an agreement with the Earl of Ellesmere for the supply of gas in bulk to the Council and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Little Hulton Urban District Council.)

117. An act to confer powers upon the Lord Mayor Aldermen and Citizens of the City of Bradford for the construction of Tramways and Street Works to authorise the use of Trolley Vehicles to alter the style and title of the Corporation and to make provisions with respect to various matters of local administration and management. (Bradford Corporation.)

118. An act to amend the Yorkshire Registries Act 1884 in its application to the East Riding of the county of York to vest Hull Bridge in the East Riding County Council and for other purposes. (East Riding County Council.)

119. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Middlesbrough with respect to the supply of gas and electricity to establish an accident fund to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Corporation.)

120. An act to establish a joint board representative of the Rhondda and Pontypridd Urban District Councils with power to acquire the undertaking of the Pontypridd Waterworks Company and to construct works and to supply water and for other purposes. (Pontypridd and Rhondda Water.)

121. An act to authorise the Rhondda Urban District Council to construct additional tramways to make street improvements to confer upon the Council further powers for the better local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Rhondda Urban District Council (Tramways Extensions &c.).)

122. An act to empower the Fylde Water Board to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Fylde Water Board.)

123. An act to make further and better provision for the improvement and good government of the borough of Eastbourne for the extension of the borough and for other purposes. (Eastbourne Corporation.)

124. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct a new railway to widen certain existing railways and construct other works to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

125. An act to constitute and incorporate a water board consisting of representatives from the councils of the urban districts of Abertillery Abercarn Risca and Mynyddislwyn in the county of Monmouth to authorise the Board to construct waterworks to vest in the Board the waterworks undertakings of the said councils and for other purposes. (Abertillery and District Water Board.)

126. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Slough Waterworks Company to sanction and confirm the construction of existing waterworks to confer further powers upon the Company and for other purposes. (Slough Waterworks.)

127. An act to confer further powers upon the Bristol Gas Company. (Bristol Gas.)

128. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work new tramways and to alter and reconstruct existing tramways and to make a new street street improvements and other works to empower the council of the royal borough of Kensington to contribute towards cost of a new street in Hammersmith and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

129. An act to empower the London County Council to execute street works and acquire lands to confer other powers upon that Council and upon sanitary authorities in the administrative county of London to provide for the licensing of employment agencies to empower the council of the metropolitan borough of Camberwell to acquire certain lands and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

130. An act to empower the Corporation of Middleton to acquire and utilise the Boarshaw Estate and construct street and other works to confer further powers on the Corporation with regard to their gas and electricity undertakings and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health and local government of the borough of Middleton. (Middleton Corporation.)

131. An act to consolidate with amendments the Glasgow Gas Acts 1869 to 1909 and for other purposes. (Glasgow Gas.)

132. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Sea Fisheries Act 1868 relating to a several Oyster and Mussel Fishery at the Bay of Firth. (Oyster and Mussel Fishery (Bay of Firth) Order Confirmation.)

133. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Port of London Act 1908 relating to the Thames Conservancy. (Thames Conservancy (Appointments and Tolls) Provisional Order.)

134. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Dick Trust. (Dick Trust Order Confirmation.)

135. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the River Don (Salmon Fisheries). (River Don (Salmon Fisheries) Order Confirmation.)

136. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Dundee Gas Commissioners. (Gas Commissioners Order Confirmation.)

137. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Corporation. (Edinburgh Corporation Order Confirmation.)

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Loch Leven Water Power. (Loch Water Power (Transfer) Order Confirmation.)

139. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Burgh Police (Scotland) Act 1892 relating to Govan Burgh. (Govan Burgh Order Confirmation.)

140. An act to constitute the London. County Council the purchasing authority in respect of the undertakings of certain Electric Lighting Companies in London to which the London Electric Supply Act 1908 does not apply and for the purposes incidental thereto. (London Electric Supply.)

141. An act to provide in the case of certain Gas Companies for the adoption of the Metropolitan Argand Burner No. 2 as a Standard Burner in substitution for the various Burners now in use for the official testing of the illuminating power of gas supplied by them and for other purposes. (Gas Companies (Standard Burner) (No. 1).)

142. An act to provide in the case of certain Gas Companies for the adoption of the Metropolitan Argand Burner No. 2 as a Standard Burner in substitution for the various Burners now in use for the official testing of the illuminating power of gas supplied by them and for other purposes. (Gas Companies (Standard Burner) (No. 2).)

143. An act to provide in the case of certain Gas Companies for the adoption of the Metropolitan Argand Burner No. 2 as a Standard Burner in substitution for the various Burners now in use for the official testing of the illuminating power of gas supplied by them and for other purposes. (Gas Companies (Standard Burner) (No. 3).)

144. An act to empower the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leeds to provide omnibuses worked by electricity and to construct a street improvement and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation.)

145. An act to confirm and give effect to an Indenture between the Llanelly Harbour Trust the Urban District Council of Llanelly and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to amend the Llanelly Harbour Act 1904 and for other purposes. (Llanelly Harbour.)

