Local Acts passed in 1911, 1 & 2 George 5 c.1 - c.190.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 49.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley Corporation. (Paisley Corporation Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Ayrshire (Loch Bradan) Water Distribution. (Ayrshire (Loch Bradan) Water Distribution Order Confirmation.)

3. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Irvine Burgh. (Irvine Burgh Order Confirmation.)

4. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Secretary of State under the Military Lands Act 1892. (Military Lands Provisional Order (1910) Confirmation.)

5. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Southampton in connection with their tramway undertaking and for other purposes. (Southampton Corporation Tramways.)

6. An act to confer further powers upon the Great Northern Railway Company (Ireland) to vest in that Company the undertaking of the Castleblayney Keady and Armagh Railway Company and for other purposes. (Northern Railway (Ireland).)

7. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Chesham and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Chesham and District Gas.)

8. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Coventry to construct street works to extend the limit of the library rate and to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation.)

9. An act to confer further powers on the Felixstowe and Walton Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Felixstowe and Walton Waterworks.)

10. An act to empower the Corporation of Warrington to construct bridges street improvements and other works to make further and better provision with regard to the gas and electricity undertakings of the Corporation and the improvement health and local government of the borough and for other purposes. (Warrington Corporation)

11. An act to extend the time limited for the compulsory purchase of certain lands and the construction of certain works by the London United Tramways Limited and for other purposes. (London United Tramways.)

12. An act to extend the time for the sale of certain lands. (Furness Railway.)

13. An act for conferring further powers on the Weston-super-Mare Gaslight Company and for other purposes. (Weston-super-Mare Gas.)

14. An act to extend the limits of supply of the City of Chichester Gas Company to authorise that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Chichester Gas.)

15. An act for amalgamating the undertaking of the Manchester and Milford Railway Company with the undertaking of the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Manchester and Milford Railway (Vesting).)

16. An act to authorise the Luton Water Company to acquire additional land by agreement for the general purposes of their undertaking to raise further capital and for other purposes. (Luton Water.)

17. An act to rearrange reduce and fix the capital of the London Cemetery Company and to confirm past issues of paid-up shares and issues of shares at a discount and past distributions of capital and dividends and to extend the Company’s power to acquire and hold land and for other purposes. (London Cemetery Company.)

18. An act to authorise the Swinton Urban District Council to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Swinton Urban District Council.)

19. An act to extend the time for the compulsory purchase of lands and for the completion of the railways and works of the Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railway Company to provide for the leasing of the said railways to the Great Central and Great Northern Railway Companies jointly and for other purposes. (Seaforth and Sefton Junction Railicay.)

20. An act to authorise the urban district council of Slough to purchase the undertaking of the Slough Waterworks Company and to supply water within the urban district of Slough and the neighbourhood thereof and for other purposes in connexion therewith. (Slough Urban District Water.)

21. An act to further extend the period for taking lands and for the Construction of street works and a tramway authorised by the Dover Corporation Act 1901 and for other purposes. (Dover Corporation.)

22. An act to authorise the Hebburn Urban District Council to construct a new street in their district and to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Hebburn Urban District Council.)

23. An act to provide for the constitution and incorporation of a Board of Conservators for the preservation maintenance and improvement of the Upper Medway to acquire the undertaking of the Medway (Upper) Navigation Company and for other purposes. (Upper Medway Navigation and Conservancy.)

24. An act for amending Charles Sheils’ Almshouses Charity Act 1864 Charles Sheils’ Almshouses Charity Act 1866 and Charles Sheils’ Charity Act 1875. (Charles Sheils' Charity.)

25. An act to confer further powers on the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board. (Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Sewerage Board.)

26. An act to incorporate the Ely Rural District Water Company and to confer powers upon that Company in connexion with the supply of water. (Ely Rural District Water.)

27. An act to authorise the Port of London Authority to acquire compulsorily lands in the city of London and for other purposes. (Port of London.)

28. An act to sanction and confirm the construction of works and to authorise the construction of additional works in relation to their water undertaking by the Corporation of Blackburn to amend and extend former Acts relating to the borough of Blackburn to confer further powers with respect to the supply of water to authorise the Corporation to borrow money and for other purposes. (Blackburn Corporation Water.)

29. An act to empower the London Electric Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (London Electric Railway.)

30. An act to confer further powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of Sligo with regard to borrowing and for other purposes. (Sligo Corporation.)

31. An act to incorporate a Joint Committee of the Metropolitan District Railway Company and the London Electric Railway Company and to empower it to purchase the generating station of the Underground Electric Railways Company of London Limited at Lots Road Chelsea and to raise money therefor and to lease the same to the Metropolitan District Railway Company and the London Electric Railway Company and to authorise the Metropolitan District Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

32. An act to confer further powers upon the Tamworth Gaslight and Coke Company. (Tamworth Gas.)

33. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the St. Andrew’s Ambulance Association. (St. Andrew's Ambulance Association Order Confirmation.)

34. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Christ Church Glasgow. (Christ Church Glasgow Order Confirmation.)

35. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Bath. (Government Board's Provisional Order (1910) Confirmation (No. 12).)

36. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Birmingham. (Government Board's Provisional Order (1910) Confirmation (No. 13).)

37. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Provisional Order (Marriages) Act 1905. (Provisional Order (Marriages) Confirmation.)

38. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dundee Water. (Dundee Water Order Confirmation.)

39. An act to confer further powers upon the Corporation of the county borough of Hastings with respect to the water supply to the borough and to authorise the Corporation to construct additional waterworks and borrow money and to make provision as to the audit of the accounts of the Corporation and for other purposes. (Hastings Corporation (Water and Finance).)

40. An act to authorise the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to provide and work steam and other vessels between Newhaven and certain continental ports and places and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway (Steam Vessels).)

41. An act for conferring further powers upon the Luton Gas Company. (Luton Gas.)

42. An act to confer further powers upon the Enfield Gas Company. (Enfield Gas.)

43. An act to confer further powers upon the Rhymney Railway Company for the construction of works the acquisition of additional lands and for other purposes. (Rhymney Railway.)

44. An act to authorise the enlargement of certain cemeteries in the city of Bristol to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and burgesses of that city in relation to their dock undertaking and for other purposes. (Bristol Corporation.)

45. An act to authorise the Chesterfield Gas and Water Board to make new waterworks and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Gas and Water Board.)

46. An act to authorise the acquisition by the Gas Light and Coke Company of the undertakings of the Barking Gas Company and the Chigwell Loughton and Woodford Gas Company to confer further powers on the Gas Light and Coke Company and for other purposes. (Gas Light and Coke Company's.)

47. An act to authorise the transfer to the Metropolitan Electric Supply Company Limited of the Electrical Undertaking of the Urban District Council of Acton and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Supply Company (Acton District).)

48. An act for confirming the construction of a pier and works known as the Rhôs-on-Sea Pier and authorising the construction of new works and conveniences connected therewith and for other purposes. (Rhôs-on-Sea Pier.)

49. An act to sanction and confirm the construction by the West Cheshire Water Company of existing works in the hundred of Wirral and county of Chester to authorise that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (West Cheshire Water.)

50. An act to sanction and confirm the construction by the Wirral Waterworks Company of existing works to authorise that Company to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Wirral Waterworks.)

51. An act to authorise the Trustees of the Clyde Navigation to construct a tidal dock graving dock and other works on the River Clyde at Renfrew to borrow additional money and for other purposes. (Clyde Navigation.)

52. An act to enlarge the time for the construction of certain works authorised by the Harrogate Water Act 1901 to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Harrogate in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Harrogate Corporation Water.)

53. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Ashborne Gas Company. (Ashbourne and District Gas.)

54. An act to authorise the Paignton Urban District Council to construct additional waterworks to make further provision with respect to the water supply and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Paignton Urban District Council.)

55. An act to authorise the South Lancashire Tramways Company to construct additional tramways and other works and for other purposes. (South Lancashire Tramways.)

56. An act to empower the Manchester Ship Canal Company to construct a pier or jetty to confer further powers upon that Company and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

57. An act to amend and consolidate the enactments relating to the abstraction of water from the River Thames by the Metropolitan Water Board and the payments made by that board to the Conservators of the River Thames and for other purposes. (Thames Conservancy.)

58. An act for conferring further powers upon the Southampton Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Southampton Harbour.)

59. An act to dissolve and reincorporate the Chasetown Gas Company Limited and for other purposes. (Chasetown Gas.)

60. An act to confer further powers on the London Brighton and South Coast Railway Company to make provision with respect to the construction of a subway at Norwood Junction in the county borough of Croydon and for other purposes. (London Brighton and South Coast Railway.)

61. An act to transfer to and vest in the Council of the urban district of Oystermouth the undertaking of the Oystermouth and District Waterworks Company Limited to authorise the Council to maintain the existing waterworks and construct new works and to supply water within the urban district of Oystermouth and adjacent places and for other purposes. (Oystermouth Urban District Council (Water).)

62. An act to extend the objects of and confer further powers on Lloyd’s and to amend Lloyd’s Act 1871. (Lloyd's.)

63. An act to make provision with respect to the superannuation of certain members of the staff of the London County Council to extend the time limited for the construction of certain authorised works to make further provisions with respect to matters of local government and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

64. An act for conferring further powers upon the Corporation of Northampton with reference to their tramway undertaking to authorise the construction of street widenings and to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough of Northampton and for other purposes. (Northampton Corporation.)

65. An act to transfer to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Widnes the undertaking of the Widnes and Runcorn Bridge Company and to confer powers on them with respect thereto and for other purposes. (Widnes and Runcorn Bridge (Transfer).)

66. An act to incorporate and confer powers on the Chapel Whaley and District Gas Company and for other purposes. (Chapel Whaley and District Gas.)

67. An act to confer powers upon the corporation of Winchester in relation to their acquisition of the undertaking of the Winchester Electric Light and Power Company Limited and to the supply of electricity and for other purposes in connexion therewith. (Winchester Corporation (Electric Supply).)

68. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Sidmouth Gas and Electricity Company. (Sidmouth Gas and Electricity.)

69. An act to incorporate the Star Life Assurance Society under the name of “The Star Assurance Society” to provide for the management of its affairs and to confer further powers on the Society and for other purposes. (Star Assurance Society's.)

70. An act to extend the periods for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the construction and completion of the graving dock and works authorised by the Dover Graving Dock Act 1908. (Dover Graving Dock.)

71. An act to confer further powers upon the Liverpool Overhead Railway Company with respect to their loan capital and for other purposes. (Liverpool Overhead Railway.)

72. An act to authorise the Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway Company to construct new railways in the county of Monmouth to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Alexandra (Newport and South Wales) Docks and Railway.)

73. An act to authorise the Metropolitan Railway Company to construct a widening of their railway and a subway for foot passengers and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

74. An act to extend the time limited for the completion of certain works to enable the Milford Docks Company to acquire lands compulsorily and for other purposes. (Milford Docks.)

75. An act to empower the London and South Western Railway Company to construct new street and other works and to acquire additional lands to authorise the abandonment of existing works of the Company and the South Eastern Railway Company to confer further powers on the Company and other companies in respect of superfluous lands to provide for the transfer to the Company of the undertaking of the Budleigh Salterton Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

76. An act to revive and extend the powers for the acquisition of lands and to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised tramways of the Bristol Tramways and Carriage Company Limited and for other purposes. (Bristol Tramways.)

77. An act to authorise the Chester Waterworks Company to construct new works to sanction and confirm the construction of existing works to raise additional capital and to consolidate their existing capital and for other purposes. (Chester Waterworks.)

78. An act to confer upon the Hornsea Urban District Council powers in relation to the Promenade Gardens and to make further provision for the water supply local government health and improvement of the district. (Hornsea Urban District Council.)

79. An act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to construct new railways and works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers upon that Company to authorise the construction of works at Peterborough by the Great Northern Railway Company to authorise the construction of widenings and other works and the acquisition of lands by the Great Northern Railway Company and the Great Central Railway Company to confirm the purchase of certain lands by the Great Northern and Great Eastern Joint Committee to authorise the acquisition by the Great Northern Railway Company of the undertaking of the Muswell Hill and Palace Railway Company and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

80. An act to consolidate with amendments the Acts relating to the harbour of Dundee and the Tay Ferries to reconstitute and re-incorporate the trustees and for other purposes. (Dundee Harbour and Tay Ferries Consolidation.)

81. An act for conferring further powers upon the urban district council of Handsworth with reference to their tramway undertaking to authorise the construction of new streets and widenings and for other purposes. (Handsworth Urban District Council.)

82. An act to confer further powers on the Marple Urban District Council with regard to their gas undertaking and for other purposes. (Marple Urban District Council Gas.)

83. An act to empower the Central London Railway Company to construct new railways to authorise arrangements between the Company and the Great Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

84. An act to authorise the transfer to the Corporation of the City of London of moneys forming part of the trophy tax to confer further powers on the Corporation in reference to Bunhill Fields Burial Ground and in reference to the working of the tramway of the Corporation authorised by the Foreign Cattle Market Deptford Act 1898 to confer further powers on the Corporation with respect to the control of streets and structures in streets and buildings and in reference to repair of streets to enable the Corporation to enter into agreements with the Stepney Borough Council in reference to the special rate leviable in the city under the Great Tower Hill Act 1869 to make further provisions for the health and good government of the city to empower the Corporation to borrow money and for other purposes. (City of London (Various Powers).)

85. An act for empowering the Great Western Railway Company to construct new railways in the counties of Glamorgan and Carmarthen and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

86. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city and county of Kingston-upon-Hull in regard to their tramway and water undertakings and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Hull Corporation.)

87. An act to confirm and give effect to an agreement for the acquisition by the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Luton of the franchises and rights of market and market tolls and right of holding fairs of the lord of the manor of Luton to authorise the removal of the existing market to make further provision with regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Luton Corporation.)

88. An act to authorise the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Company to acquire additional lands for road widenings and improvements in connection with their authorised tramways to revive the powers and extend the time for the purchase of lands and for the construction and completion of certain tramways and works authorised by the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Act 1903 extension of time for the purchase of lands for the further tramways and works authorised by the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways Act 1908 abandonment of certain tramways authorised by the Act of 1903 and for other purposes. (Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire Tramways.)

89. An act to vest Kingston-upon-Thames Bridge together with the Bridge Estate Charity in the county councils of the administrative counties of Middlesex and Surrey to empower those Councils to widen the bridge and to widen and improve the approaches thereto at each end thereof and to execute other works in connection therewith and for other purposes. (Kingston-upon-Thames Bridge.)

90. An act to extend the time for the construction of the railway authorised by the Penllwyn Railway Act 1906 and for other purposes. (Penllwyn Railway.)

91. An act to extend the time for the construction of certain authorised tramways of the Imperial Tramways Company Limited and to revive the powers and extend the time for the acquisition of lands in connection therewith and for other purposes. (Middlesbrough Stockton-on-Tees and Thornaby Tramways.)

92. An act to empower the Corporation of Gloucester to construct additional waterworks and street improvements to confer further powers with respect to markets and the supply of electricity and to make better provision for the health local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Gloucester Corporation.)

93. An act to empower the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited to construct a bridge over the Old River Lee and new tramways and other works to widen certain streets and roads and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Tramways.)

94. An act to confer additional powei-s upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

95. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to construct railways in the county of Monmouth and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

96. An act to confer further powers upon the London Tilbury and Southend Railway Company with respect to the electrical working of their railways and otherwise. (London Tilbury and Southend Railway.)

97. An act to empower the Corporation of Merthyr Tydfil to construct additional waterworks and to make further provision in regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Merthyr Tydfil Corporation Water.)

98. An act for conferring further powers on the Swansea Gas Light Company. (Swansea Gas.)

99. An act to alter the constitution of the Great Yarmouth Port and Haven Commissioners to authorise the Commissioners to construct a dock and other works to acquire the fish wharf undertaking of the corporation of Great Yarmouth to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Great Yarmouth Port and Haven.)

100. An act to confer additional powers upon the Midland Railway Company for the construction of works and upon that Company the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and the Cheshire Lines Committee for the acquisition of lands and for other purposes. (Midland Railway.)

101. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and pensions to the servants of the Council of the metropolitan borough of Paddington and for other purposes. (Paddington Borough Council (Superannuation and Pensions).)

102. An act to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to the officers and pensions to the servants of the Council of the metropolitan borough of Poplar and for other purposes. (Poplar Borough Council (Superannuation and Pensions).)

103. An act to authorise the Rhondda Urban District Council to construct additional waterworks and to confer further powers upon the Council in regard to their water undertaking and the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Rhondda Urban District Council.)

104. An act to extend the boundaries of the city and royal burgh of Dunfermline to authorise the provost magistrates and councillors of the said burgh to construct and maintain sewers drains and works to acquire lands for those purposes to hold and use lands for gasworks to alter the tenure of the office of town clerk to alter the limit of the public libraries rate and for other purposes. (Dunfermline Burgh Extension and Drainage.)

105. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Ipswich to construct additional waterworks and to make further provision in regard to their water undertaking and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Ipswich Corporation.)

106. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work new tramways to alter and reconstruct existing tramways and to make street improvements and other works and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

107. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Woking to exercise some of the powers contained in the Act 18 Geo. III. c. lxxv. as regards certain bridges vested in the company of proprietors of the Basingstoke Canal' Navigation and for other purposes. (Woking Urban District Council (Basingstoke Canal).)

108. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Manchester with reference to the construction of street works tramways and main drainage works and otherwise for the better local government and improvement of the city and for other purposes. (Manchester Corporation.)

109. An act to enable the Urban District Council of Aberdare to construct tramways and run trolley cars by railless traction to make street improvements and to confer other powers upon the Council. (Aberdare Urban District Council.)

110. An act to empower the Brighton Hove and Preston United Omnibus Company Limited to work their omnibuses by means of railless traction and for other purposes. (Brighton Hove and District Railless Traction.)

111. An act for transferring to the South East Kent Electric Power Company Limited certain of the powers of the Kent Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (East Kent Electric Power.)

112. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Chiswick to construct street improvements and a river wall and other works to provide motor vehicles to provide for the regulation of the commons and for the extension of the district and to make further and better provision for the improvement and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Chiswick Urban Distinct Council.)

113. An act to confer powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Halifax for the construction of tramways street works and waterworks and to make further and better provision with regard to the water and other undertakings of the corporation and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Halifax Corporation.)

114. An act to regulate the expenditure of money by the London County Council on capital account during the current financial period and the raising of money to meet such expenditure and for other purposes. (London County Council (Money).)

115. An act to empower the urban district council of Margam to supply gas and to provide for the transfer to the Council of so much of the gas undertaking of the Aberavon Corporation as is situate within the urban district of Margam and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Margam Urban District Council.)

116. An act for conferring further powers upon the Corporation of Rotherham with reference to their tramway water gas and other undertakings to authorise the construction of street widenings and to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the borough of Rotherham and for other purposes. (Rotherham Corporation.)

117. An act to confirm the constitution of the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of St. Helens as the burial board of the borough of St. Helens and township of Windle to make further provision in regard to the granting of superannuation allowances to officers of the Corporation to make further provision in regard to their gas water and electricity undertakings and the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (St. Helens Corporation.)

118. An act to empower the Metropolitan Water Board to make waterworks and other works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. [Metropolitan Water Board [New Works).)

119. An act to enable the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city and county of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to construct and work additional tramways in and adjacent to the city to make new streets and to acquire lands to alter the style and title of the Corporation to make further provisions with reference to the Corporation superannuation fund to make provisions as to the Town Moor and the quays of the Corporation to enable the Corporation to raise further money and to confer various further powers upon the Corporation in relation to the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation.)

120. An act to empower the Corporation of London to construct a new bridge over the River Thames between Blackfriars and Southwark Bridges to rebuild Southwark Bridge and to confer other powers upon them with respect to those and other bridges and for other purposes. (Corporation of London (Bridges).)

121. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Inverness Harbour. (Inverness Harbour Order Confirmation.)

122. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dumbarton Churchyard. (Dumbarton Churchyard Confirmation.)

123. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Chambers Institution Peebles. (Chambers Institution Peebles Order Confirmation.)

124. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Aberdeen Corporation. (Aberdeen Corporation Order Confirmation.)

125. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland; Act 1899 relating to the North British Railway (Superannuation Fund &c.). (North British Railway (Superannuation Fund &c.) Order Confirmation.)

126. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline and District Tramways. (Dunfermline and Distinct Tramways Order Confirmation.)

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Edinburgh Suburban Electric Tramways. (Edinburgh Suburban Electric Tramways Order Confirmation.)

128. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Paisley District Tramways. (Paisley Distinct Tramways Order Confirmation.)

129. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Partick Burgh. (Partick Burgh Order Confirmation.)

130. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wellpark (Glasgow) Church and Parish Quoad Sacra. (Wellpark (Glasgow) Church and Parish Quoad Sacra Order Confirmation.)

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the County Borough of Waterford and the Counties of Kilkenny Tipperary (North Riding) and Waterford. (Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to King’s County and the County of Kildare and the Rural Districts of Ballyshannon Loughrea and Tralee. (Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

133. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Blackrock and Donaghadee. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional (No. 3).)

134. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Minsterworth and Highnam Over and Linton in the County of Gloucester. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation.)

135. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of West Butterwick Owston and Belton in the County of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

136. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of a proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Billingborough and Birthope (detached) in the County of Lincoln. (Land Drainage Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 3).)

137. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by one of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State under the Metropolitan Police Act 1886. (Metropolitan Police Provisional Order Confirmation.)

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Derwent and other waters. (Derwent Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

139. An act to confirm an Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Severn and other waters. (Severn Fisheries Provisional Order (1910) Confirmation.)

140. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Fulwood Scarborough Sowerby Bridge and Stockton-on-Tees. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

141. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brighton Epsom (Rural) Exeter Liverpool Pontypridd and the East Dean and United Districts Joint Hospital District. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

142. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Farnworth Padiham Plymouth Skip ton and Weston-super-Mare. (Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

143. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Acton Torquay Tottenham Wolverhampton and the Whaley Bridge Joint Sewerage District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

144. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burnley and Bury. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

145. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to East Westmorland (Rural) Ilfracombe Leigh-on-Sea and Windermere. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burton-upon-Trent Colwyn Bay and Colwyn Kingston-upon-Thames Leigh and Northallerton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

147. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to the district of the Accrington District Gas and Water Board the Middlesex Districts Joint Small-pox Hospital District the South Staffordshire Joint Small-pox Hospital District and the Swansea Rural District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

148. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Reading. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

149. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Hereford Lancaster and Sudbury and the Birmingham Tame and Rea Main Sewerage and the Peterborough Joint Cemetery Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 14).)

150. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Milford Haven. (Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 15).)

151. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cudworth and Liverpool. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (Gas).)

152. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Droitwich. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas) (No. 2).)

153. An act to confirm a Scheme approved and certified by the Board of Education under the Charitable Trusts Act 1853 relating to the yearly payment out of the Corporation Funds to the Corporation Schools in the Borough of Alnwick under section seven of the Alnwick Corporation Act 1882. (Board of Education Scheme (Alnwick Corporation Payment) Confirmation.)

154. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the Councils of the Administrative Counties of Durham Montgomery and Worcester and the Urban District of Willesden to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Durham, &c.).)

155. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1907 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (London).)

156. An act to confirm two Provisional Orders under the Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Acts 1863 to 1892 relating to the Curraghtown Drainage District in the county of Meath and the Akeragh Lough Drainage District in the county of Kerry. (Drainage and Improvement of Lands (Ireland) Supplemental.)

157. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Banff Gardenstown and Port Gordon. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

158. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Brighton Portsmouth and Southend-on-Sea. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

159. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Cullen. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No.3).)

160. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Accrington (Extension) Aldeburgh Ashford Bland ford Forum Budleigh Salterton Carlisle (Extension) Chichester (Extension) Cirencester Leominster and Newcastle-upon-Tyne (Extension). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

161. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Macclesfield Pateley Bridge Portishead and District Rhondda Salisbury (Extension) Wimbledon (Extension) and Witney. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation) (No. 2).)

162. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1890 and the Electric Lighting (Scotland) Act 1902 relating to Alloa (Extension) the County of Fife (certain Burghs and Parishes) and Grangemouth (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

163. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Chepping Wycombe (Extension) Harrow and District Sandwich Deal and Walmer and Sevenoaks. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

164. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 and 1888 relating to Donaghadee. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 5).)

165. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Port of London Act 1908 relating to the definition of dues for the purposes of the first election of members of the Port of London Authority under that Act. (Port of London (First Election of Members) Provisional Order.)

166. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works-Facilities Act 1870 relating to Alfreton Gas Barnstaple Gas Burnham Gas and Launceston Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

167. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Cannock Gas Clay Cross Gas Hythe and Sandgate Gas Lichfield Gas and Witney and District Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

168. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Holyhead Gas Llangefni Gas Llanrwst Gas and Pwllheli Gas. (Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

169. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Busby and District Gas Longford Gas Preston Gas and Uxbridge Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

170. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Blandford Water Gisborough Water North Pembrokeshire Water and Gas Sheringham Gas and Water and West Gloucestershire Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation.)

171. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Dartford and District Tramways and Dewsbury Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

172. An act to amend the Salford Hundred Court of Record Act 1868. (Salford Hundred Court of Record.)

173. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Particular Baptist Chapel Burial Ground and Trust Property in Townhead Street in the city of Sheffield. (Townhead Street (Sheffield) Baptist Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

174. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application and management of the Charity in the city and county of Gloucester consisting of the yearly sum of eighty pounds applicable towards the reparation of the Bridge and Causeway lying between the said city and the village of Over. (Bridge and Causeway (Gloucester) Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

175. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the fund representing the net proceeds of the sale of the Particular Baptist Chapel which was situated at Birkby in the Parish of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York. (Birkby Baptist Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

176. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Chapel known as Wesley Chapel in the Parish of Humberstone in the County of Leicester. (Humberstone Wesley Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

177. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of (1) the Charity of John Walkley and the Charity of Edward Dean which were endowments of the former Chapel of St. John the Baptist in Epping in the County of Essex and (2) the Ecclesiastical Charity of Thomas Loft. (Epping Endwoment Scheme Confirmation.)

178. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Stonehaven Harbour. (Stonehaven Harbour Order Confirmation.)

179. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Burrington Commons in the County of Somerset. (Commons Regulation (Burrington) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

180. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Inclosure Acts 1845 to 1899 relating to Winton and Kaber Commons in the County of Westmorland and the North Riding of the County of York. (Commons Regulation (Winton and Kaber) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

181. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kelso Water. (Kelso Water Order Confirmation.)

182. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Glasgow and South Western Railway. (Glasgow and South Western Railway Order Confirmation.)

183. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lerwick Harbour. (Lerwick Harbour Order Confirmation.)

184. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Christchurch and Sheffield. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

185. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Cambridge and Southport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

186. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Ullapool. (Pier and Harbour Order Confirmation (No. 4).)

187. An act to constitute a drainage district in the Isle of Ely to incorporate and confer powers upon a drainage board for that district to make provisions with respect to the sewerage of part of the said district to empower the said board to supply water within that part of the said district and for other purposes. (Thorney Drainage.)

188. An act for transferring to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certain endowments of the rectory of .Saint Mary Radcliffe in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for providing for the re-endowment of the said rectory and for the transfer of the advowson to the See of Manchester and for the application of the income and capital of the transferred endowments and for other ecclesiastical purposes. (Saint Mary Radcliffe Rectory.)

189. An act for transferring to the Ecclesiastical Commissioners certain endowments of the rectory of Saint Mary Prestwich in the County Palatine of Lancaster and for providing for the re-endowment of the said rectory and for the transfer of the advowson to the See of Manchester and for the application of the income and capital of the transferred endowments and for other ecclesiastical purposes. (Saint Mary Prestwich Rectory.)

190. An act to enable the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Belfast to construct and work additional tramways in the city to make street improvements to construct works and exercise powers for prevention of flooding to acquire lands to make provisions for the better control of persons practising midwifery in the city to establish a textile testing-house to enable the Corporation to raise further money and to confer various further powers upon the Corporation with respect to streets and buildings in the city and in relation to sanitary matters and the health and good government of the city and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation.)

