Local Acts passed in 1913, 3 & 4 George 5 c.1 - c.176.
From The Law Reports Public General Statutes, vol. 51.
---

1. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Edinburgh and East of Scotland College of Agriculture. (Edinburgh and East of Scotland College of Agriculture Order Confirmation.)

2. An act to confer further powers on the Crowborough District Gas Company in reference to their gas undertaking and to empower them to supply electricity within their existing limits of supply. (Crowborough District Gas and Electricity.)

3. An act to authorise the Harrow and Stanmore Gas Company to consolidate their existing capital to raise additional capital to construct new works and for other purposes. (Harrow and Stanmore Gas.)

4. An act to amend the Charter and enlarge the powers of the Governesses Benevolent Institution. (Governesses Benevolent Institution.)

5. An act to confer further powers upon the Cleveland and Durham County Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Cleveland and Durham County Electric Tower.)

6. An act for conferring further powers upon the Swansea Harbour Trustees. (Swansea Harbour.)

7. An act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Colne to acquire the under taking of the Colne and Trawden Light Railways Company and for other purposes. (Colne Corporation.)

8. An act to amend the Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Fund Incorporation Act 1899 and for other purposes. (Colonial and Foreign Banks Guarantee Corporation.)

9. An act to transfer to the Northern Counties Electricity Supply Company Limited the undertakings authorised by the Hebburn Electric Lighting Order 1900 and the Felling Electric Lighting Order 1901 and for other purposes. (Northern Counties Electricity Supply Company Limited.)

10. An act to confer powers upon the Herne Bay Gas and Coke Company Limited for the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Herne Bay Gas and Electricity.)

11. An act for the improvement of the city and royal burgh of Dundee and the widening alteration improvement and extension of existing streets and thoroughfares and the construction of new roads or streets and tramways and for other purposes. (Dundee Corporation (Improvements and Tramways).)

12. An act for conferring further powers upon the Cambrian Railways Company and the Welshpool and Llanfair Light Railway Company for amalgamating the Vale of Rheidol (Light) Railway Company with the Cambrian Railways Company and for other purposes. (Cambrian Railways.)

13. An act for transferring to and vesting in the Isle of Wight Central Railway Company the undertaking of the Newport Godshill and St. Lawrence Railway Company to confer further powers on the Isle of Wight Central Railway Company and for other purposes. (Isle of Wight Central Railway (Godshill Transfer).)

14. An act to dissolve and reincorporate the Porthcawl Gaa Light and Coke Company Limited to enable the Company to supply gas to and within the urban district of Porthcawl and other parishes and places in the county of Glamorgan and for other purposes. (Porthcawl and District Gas.)

15. An act to empower the corporation of Northampton to construct additional waterworks to make better provision with regard to their water undertaking and for other purposes. (Northampton Corporation Water.)

16. An act to confer further powers upon the South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company. (South Staffordshire Mond Gas (Power and Heating) Company's.)

17. An act to authorise the South Staffordshire Waterworks Company to construct new works and for other purposes. (South Staffordshire Waterworks.)

18. An act to empower the Slough Gas and Coke Company to convert its capital into stock and for other purposes. (Slough Gas.)

19. An act for transferring and vesting the undertaking of the Bishop’s Waltham Waterworks Company Limited to and in the South Hants Waterworks Company and for other purposes. (Bishop's Waltham Water.)

20. An act to authorise the Humber Commercial Railway and Dock Company to make embankments in the River Humber at the entrance to Immingham Dock and for other purposes. (Humber Commercial Railway and Dock.)

21. An act to enable the Manchester Royal Exchange Limited to acquire lands for the extension of and to extend the Royal Exchange and for other purposes. (Manchester Royal Exchange.)

22. An act to empower the Urban District Council of Mynyddislwyn to purchase the gas undertakings and to supply gas within the Sirhowy Valley portion of their district to make further provision in regard to the improvement and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Mynyddislwyn Urban District Council.)

23. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Aylesbury Bury Chorley Filey Kiveton Park (Rural) Neath Newton in Mackerfield and Watford. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

24. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the County of Southampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 2).)

25. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ashton-in-Makerfield Harrogate Rochdale Stratford-upon-Avon Swansea and Ulverston and the Epsom (Rural) Sutton Carshalton and Leatherhead and the Sittingbourne and Milton Joint Hospital Districts. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

26. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Land Drainage Act 1861 in the matter of the proposed drainage district in the Parishes of Holme St. Cuthbert Allonby and West Newton in the County of Cumberland. (Land Drainage (Holme St. Cuthbert) Provisional Order Confirmation.)

27. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters’ Widows’ Fund (Scotland). (Burgh and Parochial Schoolmasters' Widows’ Fund (Scotland) Order Confirmation.)

28. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to St. Andrews Burgh Extension and Links. (St. Andrews Burgh Extension and Links Order Confirmation.)

29. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to the Caledonian Railway. (Caledonian Railway Order Confirmation.)

30. An act to authorise the Redcar Coatham Marske and Saltburn Gas Company to construct additional works and for other purposes. (Redcar Coatham Marske and Saltburn Gas.)

31. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Lymm to purchase the undertaking of the Lymm Water Company and certain properties of the Lymm Estate Development Company Limited and to supply water within their urban district and the neighbourhood to confer further powers upon them in regard to their gas undertaking and to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the district and for other purposes. (Lymm Urban District Council.)

32. An act to transfer to and vest in the Swanage Urban District Council the water undertaking of the Swanage Gas and Water Company to authorise the council to supply water within the urban district of Swanage and the parish of Langton Matravers and for other purposes. (Swanage Urban District Water.)

33. An act to confirm an agreement relating to the supply of electricity in the borough of Richmond (Surrey) and for other purposes. (Richmond (Surrey) Electricity Supply.)

34. An act to enable the Barry Railway Company to acquire lands in the county of Glamorgan to extend the time for the completion of certain railways and the acquisition of certain lands and for other purposes. (Barry Railway.)

35. An act to enable the corporation of Chesterfield to provide and run vehicles by means of railless traction and for other purposes. (Chesterfield Corporation Railless Traction.)

36. An act for extending the limits of supply of the Mid Kent Water Company for sanctioning and confirming the construction of existing works for authorising the construction of new works and for conferring further powers upon that Company for conferring further powers upon the East Kent District Water Company and for authorising agreements between those companies and the South Kent Water Company and for other purposes. (Mid Kent and East Kent District Water.)

37. An act to extend the periods limited by the Wimbledon and Sutton Railway Act 1910 for the compulsory purchase of lands for and for the construction and completion of the railways and works by that Act authorised to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Wimbledon and Sutton Railway.)

38. An act to enable the Midland Railway Company to make further contributions to the superannuation fund established under the Midland Railway (Additional Powers) Act 1867 and for other purposes. (Midland Railway (Superannuation Fund).)

39. An act to extend the limits of the Westgate and Birchington Gas Company for the supply of gas to empower the Company to supply electricity and to confer further powers on and to change the name of the Company and for other purposes. (Westgate and Birchington Gas and Electricity.)

40. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the United District Gas Company. (United District Gas.)

41. An act to enable the Port Talbot Railway and Docks Company to raise additional capital. (Port Talbot Railway and Docks.)

42. An act to consolidate with amendments the Acts relating to the port and harbours of Greenock to reconstitute and reincorporate the Trustees to authorise the construction of new works to provide for the adjustment of the finances of the trust to provide for a guarantee by the corporation of Greenock and for other purposes. (Greenock Port and Harbours Consolidation.)

43. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Leeds in regard to their water undertaking to empower them to construct street improvements and for other purposes. (Leeds Corporation.)

44. An act to provide for the transfer of the undertaking of the Enfield Gas Company to the Tottenham and Edmonton Gas Light and Coke Company and to confer on such Company certain powers in regard to the supply of electricity and for other purposes. (Tottenham and Edmonton Gas.)

45. An act to confer further powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of York in relation to their electricity undertaking the Skeldergate Bridge and other matters. (York Corporation.)

46. An act to authorise the transfer to the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Brighton of the powers vested in the Brighton Hove and Preston United Omnibus Company Limited under the Brighton Hove and District Railless Traction Act 1911 and to sanction and confirm the purchase by the Corporation of lands adjoining the borough in the parishes of Ovingdean Rottingdean and Falmer and for other purposes. (Brighton Corporation.)

47. An act to confer further powers on the Hull and Barnsley Railway Company in respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the North Eastern Railway Company and the Great Central Railway Company respectively in respect of joint undertakings and for other purposes. (Hull and Barnsley Railway.)

48. An act to authorise the Metropolitan District Railway Company to widen part of their Fulham Extension Railway and for other purposes. (Metropolitan District Railway.)

49. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Coventry to provide and run motor omnibuses to confer further powers with regard to the water supply of the city to extend the areas of supply of gas and electricity and for other purposes. (Coventry Corporation.)

50. An act to confer further powers upon the Blyth and Cowpen Gas Company and to enable that Company to acquire the undertaking of the Bedlington Gas Light Company Limited. (Blyth and Cowpen Gas.)

51. An act to confirm and make valid the creation and issue of shares and debenture stock by the West Hampshire Water Company and for other purposes. (West Hampshire Water.)

52. An act to authorise the Halkyn District Mines Drainage Company to construct additional works for the drainage of certain mines and mineral lands in the county of Flint and for other purposes. (Halkyn District Stines Drainage.)

53. An act to confer powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Hove in relation to the acquisition of the undertaking of the Hove Electric Lighting Company Limited and to the supply of electricity and to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Hove Corporation.)

54. An act to transfer to and vest in the Metropolitan Railway Company the undertaking of the Great Northern and City Railway Company to empower the Metropolitan Railway Company to construct a new railway and works to acquire additional land to raise additional capital and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Railway.)

55. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Tynemouth Gas Company and for other purposes. (Tynemouth Gas.)

56. An act for conferring further powers upon the Great Western Railway Company fn respect of their own undertaking and upon that Company and the London and North Western Railway Company in respect of an undertaking in which they are jointly interested and upon the Great Western and Great Central Railways Joint Committee in respect of their undertaking and for other purposes. (Great Western Railway.)

57. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Titchfield District Gas Company. (Titchfield District Gas.)

58. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of West Bridgford to provide and work motor omnibuses and to make further and better provision for the improvement and local government of the district and for other purposes. (West Bridgford Urban District Council.)

59. An act to confer further powers upon the corporation of Manchester and the Manchester Ship Canal Company with respect to the lending and borrowing of money to empower the said company to raise further moneys for the purposes of their undertaking and for other purposes. (Manchester Ship Canal.)

60. An act to authorise the Great Northern Railway Company to construct certain new railways a widening of railway and other works and to acquire lands and to confer further powers upon that Company to authorise the acquisition of lands by the Great Northern and Great Central Railway Companies jointly and by the Cheshire Lines Committee the Midland and Great Northern Railways Joint Committee and the Norfolk and Suffolk Joint Railways Committee to extend the time for the purchase of lands under the Cheshire Lines Act 1903 and for other purposes. (Great Northern Railway.)

61. An act to authorise the Rhondda Tramways Company Limited to provide and work a railless traction system in the parish of Llantrisant and for other purposes. (Rhondda Tramways (Railless Traction).)

62. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Llantrisant Gas Company. (Llantrisant Gas.)

63. An act to transfer to and vest in the urban district council of Broadstairs and St. Peter’s in the county of Kent the undertaking of the commissioners for the care and management of the pier within the hamlet of Broadstairs and harbour of Broadstairs to provide for the extension of the urban district to authorise the Council to construct street improvements to confer further powers on the Council in regard to their water undertaking and to make further and better provision for the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Broadstairs and St. Peter's Urban District Council.)

64. An act to confer additional powers upon the North Eastern Railway Company for the construction of new railways and other works and the acquisition of lands to authorise the construction of railways and the acquisition of lands by the South Yorkshire Joint Line Committee and for other purposes. (North Eastern Railway.)

65. An act to authorise the acquisition by the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company of the undertakings of the Christchurch Gas Company and the Wimborne Minster Waterworks Company Limited to confer further powers on the Bournemouth Gas and Water Company and for other purposes. (Bournemouth Gas and Water.)

66. An act to authorise the Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway Company to construct new railways to widen certain existing railways and construct other works to acquire additional lands and for other purposes. (Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway.)

67. An act to authorise the Mexborough and Swinton Tramways Company to provide and work trolley vehicles in connection with their tramways and for other purposes. (Mexborough and Swinton Tramways (Railless Traction).)

68. An act to confer further powers upon the Pontypridd and Rhondda Joint Water Board. (Pontypridd and Rhondda Water.)

69. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of West Bromwich to provide and work a trolley vehicle system to provide and work motor omnibuses to construct street improvements to extend their powers with regard to their gas and electricity undertakings and to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (West Bromwich Corporation.)

70. An act to provide for the reduction and rearrangement of the capital of the Kent Electric Power Company and for other purposes. (Kent Electric Bower.)

71. An act to confer further powers upon the Worthing Gas Light and Coke Company. (Worthing Gas.)

72. An act to authorise the closing of Arundell Street and Panton Square in the city of Westminster. (Arundell Estate (Closing of Arundell Street and Panton Square).)

73. An act to empower the Central London Railway Company to construct new railways to authorise agreements between that company and the London and South Western Railway Company and for other purposes. (Central London Railway.)

74. An act to authorise the lord provost magistrates and council of the city and royal burgh of Edinburgh to construct works to purchase and acquire lands to borrow money to amend Acts and for other purposes. (Edinburgh Corporation.)

75. An act to extend the limits of supply of the Grays and Tilbury Gas Company to authorise the Grays and Tilbury Gas Company to acquire certain other gas undertakings and for other purposes. (Grays and Tilbury Gas.)

76. An act to enable the Great Eastern Railway Company to construct works and acquire lands at Ipswich and for other purposes. (Great Eastern Railway.)

77. An act to confer upon the Southgate Urban District Council various powers with respect to streets and buildings in their district and with respect to the health local government and sanitation of the district and to empower the council to establish superannuation and pension funds and for other purposes. (Southgate Urban District Council.)

78. An act for severing the Rectory of Gatcombe from the Office of Principal of St. Edmund Hall in the University of Oxford and for other purposes. (Oxford University (St. Edmund Hall and Gatcombe Rectory).)

79. An act to regulate the expenditure on capital account and lending of money by the London County Council during the financial period from the first day of April one thousand nine hundred and thirteen to the thirtieth day of September one thousand nine hundred and fourteen. (London County Council (Money).)

80. An act to extend the boundaries of the city and royal burgh of Dundee and of the county of the city of Dundee and for other purposes. (Dundee Boundaries.)

81. An act for empowering the corporation of the city of Liverpool to make new streets to make better provision for the health local government and finance of the city to provide for the granting of superannuation allowances to certain officers and servants of the corporation and for other purposes. (Liverpool Corporation.)

82. An act for dissolving and re-incorporating the Southampton Harbour Board and for other purposes. (Southampton Harbour.)

83. An act to empower Watney Combe Reid & Co. Limited to redeem a portion of its existing capital and for other purposes. (Watney Combe Reid & Co. Limited.)

84. An act to constitute Trustees for the purpose of holding and managing Ascot Race Course and the stands buildings and property held or used in connection therewith and to vest in them all property now held or used for the benefit or purposes of Ascot Races and to confer all necessary powers on the Trustees so constituted and for other purposes. (Ascot Authority.)

85. An act to authorise the Urban District Council of Ebbw Vale to construct additional waterworks and for other purposes. (Ebbw Vale Water.)

86. An act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Leicester to construct additional tramways and street improvements in the borough and for other purposes. (Leicester Corporation.)

87. An act to authorise the commissioners for the harbour and docks of Leith to construct new works to borrow money and for other purposes. (Leith Harbour and Docks.)

88. An act to confer further powers on the London and South Western Railway Company and to provide for a lease to that company of the undertaking of the North Cornwall Railway Company and for other purposes. (South Western Railway.)

89. An act to confer powers upon the North British Railway Company to construct certain new railways and other works to confirm and give effect to agreements between that Company and the Caledonian Railway Company and the Edinburgh Corporation respectively to authorise the abandonment of a portion of the Union Canal to empower the North British Railway Company and the Burntisland Harbour Commissioners to raise further moneys and for other purposes. (North British Railway.)

90. An act to authorise the transfer to the Southend Waterworks Company of the Western District Water Undertaking of the Rockford Rural District Council to extend the limits of the Southend Waterworks Company for the supply of water and for other purposes. (Southend Waterworks.)

91. An act to authorise the construction of certain new works for improving the harbour of Dover and for other purposes. (Dover Harbour.)

92. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Derby to construct tramways and street works to make further provision in regard to their tramway water electricity and markets undertakings and the health local government and improvement of the borough to enable them to establish a fund for the granting of superannuation allowances to their officers and servants to provide for the simplification of the procedure in the Derby Borough Court of Record and for other purposes. (Derby Corporation.)

93. An act to enable the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Southport to carry out street improvements and other works to provide and run trolley vehicles and to make further provision for the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Southport Corporation.)

94. An act to incorporate the Heathfield and District Water Company and to enable them to construct works and to supply water to certain parishes or portions of parishes in the county of Sussex and to acquire the waterworks part of the undertaking of the Ticehurst and District Water and Gas Company and the undertaking of the Heathfield and District Water Company Limited and to enter into agreements with the owners of such undertakings and with the local authorities or others and to amend the Ticehurst Water Act 1902 and the Ticehurst and District Water and Gas Act 1904. (Heathfield and District Water.)

95. An act to confer powers on the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the county borough of Huddersfield for the construction of tramways street works and waterworks to purchase the undertaking of the commissioners of the Deanhead Reservoir to extend the borough boundaries and to make further and better provision with regard to the tramways water and other undertakings of the corporation and for other purposes. (Huddersfield Corporation.)

96. An act to confer powers upon the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Bradford for the construction of waterworks street works and improvements and the acquisition of lands for the provision of trolley vehicles with respect to infectious diseases and the health good government and sanitation of the city to authorise the establishment of superannuation and other funds and to make provisions with respect to various matters of local administration and management. (Bradford Corporation.)

97. An act to empower the London Electric Railway Company to construct new railways and for other purposes. (London Electric Railway.)

98. An act to empower the Metropolitan Water Board to make waterworks and other works and to acquire lands and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Water Board.)

99. An act to confer further powers on the urban district council of Barry in regard to their water and gas undertakings to extend the powers of the council with regard to the improvement health and local government of the district and for other purposes. (Barry Urban District Council.)

100. An act to extend and enlarge the powers of the lord mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Belfast with respect to finance and borrowing to confer further powers with respect to sanitary matters and matters of local administration and for other purposes. (Belfast Corporation.)

101. An act to confer powers on the London County Council and metropolitan borough councils and for other purposes. (London County Council (General Powers).)

102. An act to empower the London County Council to construct and work tramways to make street improvements and other works and for other purposes. (London County Council (Tramways and Improvements).)

103. An act to empower the Metropolitan Electric Tramways Limited to provide and work vehicles by means of railless traction and for other purposes. (Metropolitan Electric Tramways (Railless Traction).)

104. An act to empower the Holme Cultram Urban District Council to purchase certain gasworks of the North British Railway Company and to supply gas within the urban district. (Silloth Gas.)

105. An act to extend the boundaries of the borough of Southend-on-Sea and to constitute the extended borough a county borough to consolidate the parishes of the extended borough into one parish to enable the corporation to establish a separate police force and to provide and work motor omnibuses to make further provision in regard to the health local government and improvement of the borough and for other purposes. (Southend-on-Sea Corporation.)

106. An act to alter the constitution of and method of election to the Ipswich Dock Commission to confer further powers on the commissioners to authorise them to construct works and acquire lands to raise additional money and to create stock and for other purposes. (Ipswich Dock.)

107. An act to empower the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Reading to construct bridges across the Thames street improvements and other works and for other purposes. (Reading Corporation.)

108. An act to authorise the construction of a new in substitution for an existing bridge over the River Shannon and for other purposes. (Limerick Harbour (Bridge).)

109. An act to confer further powers on the corporation of Aberystwyth with regard to their water and market undertakings and to make further and better provision with regard to the improvement health local government and finance of the borough. (Aberystwyth Corporation.)

110. An act for empowering the City and South London Railway Company to enlarge their railway tunnels to raise further money and for other purposes. (City and South London Railway.)

111. An act to confer further powers upon the Alexandra Park and Palace Trustees with respect to the temporary closing and use of the park and palace for exhibitions to extend the period for which portions of the park and palace may be let and for other purposes. (Alexandra Park and Palace.)

112. An act to confer further powers upon the mayor aldermen and burgesses of the borough of Morley in relation to their gas water and electricity undertakings and with respect to the disposal of trade refuse and to make further provision in regard to the health improvement and good government of the borough. (Morley Corporation.)

113. An act to authorise the mayor aldermen and citizens of the city of Nottingham and county of the same city to construct tramways to provide and work a trolley vehicle system to provide and work motor omnibuses and for other purposes. (Nottingham Corporation.)

114. An act to empower the President Vice-Presidents Treasurers and Governors of the Westminster Hospital to acquire lands for and to erect a new hospital to authorise the sale and disposal of the site of Westminster Hospital and for other purposes. (Westminster Hospital.)

115. An act for incorporating and conferring powers on the Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Railless Electric Traction Company and for other purposes. (Western Valleys (Monmouthshire) Railless Electric Traction.)

116. An act to enable the Postmaster-General to construct for the purposes of the Post Office certain underground railways and other works in London and for purposes in connexion with such railways and works. (Post Office (London) Railway.)

117. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the councils of the administrative counties of Cardigan Carmarthen Cumberland Kent Merioneth Montgomery Pembroke and the West Riding of Yorkshire and the Urban District of Aberdare to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Orders Confirmation (Cardigan &c.).)

118. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 1).)

119. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 2).)

120. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Education under the Education Acts 1870 to 1911 to enable the London County Council to put in force the Lands Clauses Acts. (Education Board Provisional Order Confirmation (London No. 3).)

121. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to Mullingar and the County of Tipperary (South Riding). (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

122. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board for Ireland relating to the Urban Districts of Carlow Galway and Larne and the City of Dublin. (Local Government Board (Ireland) Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

123. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Tramways Act 1870 relating to Baildon Urban District Council Tramway and Newcastle-upon-Tyne Corporation Tramways. (Tramways Orders Confirmation.)

124. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Kibworth Gas Midsomer Norton Gas Redditch Gas and West Staffordshire Gas. (Gas Orders Confirmation.)

125. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Dronfield Gas Alresford Water and Borough of Portsmouth Water. (and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

126. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Gas and Water Works Facilities Act 1870 relating to Faversham Gas Hawkhurst Gas Peniston Thurlstone and Oxspring Gas and Wey Valley Water. (Gas and Water Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

127. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Biddulph. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (Gas).)

128. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to -Blackpool Briton Ferry Cleckheaton Preston and Workington. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

129. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Brynmawr Cambridge Chiswick Croydon Doncaster Nelson Rhondda Willesden and Wood Green. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

130. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Burton-upon-Trent Kendal Newcastle-upon-Tyne Stockton-on-Tees and Torquay. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 6).)

131. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Bath Manchester Wigan Wombwell the Chester-le-Street Joint Hospital District and the North Staffordshire Joint Small-pox Hospital District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 7).)

132. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Birmingham and Wolverhampton. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 8).)

133. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Barnes Burnley Gelligaer Hendon Linthwaite and Pontardawe Rural. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 9).)

134. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Carlisle and Scarborough. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 10).)

135. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the local Government Board relating to Exeter. (Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 11).)

136. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Saint Alban. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 12).)

137. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Manchester and Stockport. (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 13).)

138. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Liverpool. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 14).)

139. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the East Lancing Sea Defence District. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No, 15).)

140. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Bacup and the District of the Bury and District Joint Water Board. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 16).)

141. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders of the Local Government Board relating to Ilkeston Scunthorpe and Wantage (Rural). (Local Government Board's Provisional Orders Confirmation (No. 17).)

142. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Middlesbrough. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 18).)

143. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Stockton-on-Tees. (Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 19).)

144. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to Margate. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 20).)

145. An act to confirm a Provisional Order of the Local Government Board relating to the County of Glamorgan. (Local Government Board's Provisional Order Confirmation (No. 22).)

146. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Berwick-upon-Tweed Lymington and Padstow. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

147. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Portknockie and Raasay. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

148. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the General Pier and Harbour Act 1861 relating to Buckie and Findochty. (Pier and Harbour Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

149. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Baildon Beckenham (Extension) Chipping Norton Hazel Grove and Bramhall Itchen Skelton and Brotton Southborough Stoke-on-Trent (Extension) Truro and Weaverham District. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 1).)

150. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Barnet (Extension) Barton-on-Humber Basingstoke Derby (Extension) Doncaster (Extension) Ellesmere Port and Whitby Kingswear Leatherhead and District (Extension) Mid-Sussex and Northwood and Ruislip (Extension). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 2).)

151. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Lossiemouth and Branderburgh Maxwell town and Port Glasgow. (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 3).)

152. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Lytham Marlborough Menai Bridge Neath Rural District (Extension) Sevenoaks and District Stroud and Wolverhampton (Extension). (Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 4).)

153. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Caerphilly Pinner Smethwick (Amendment; Watford (Extension) and Wellingborough (Amendment). (Electric Lighting Orders Confirmation (No. 5).)

154. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Portrush. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 6).)

104. An act to confirm a Provisional Order made by the Board of Trade under the Electric Lighting Acts 1882 to 1909 relating to Romford and District. (Electric Lighting Order Confirmation (No. 7).)

156. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline District Water. (Dunfermline District Water Order Confirmation.)

157. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Dunfermline Corporation Water. (Dunfermline Corporation Water Order Confirmation.)

158. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Wemyss Tramways. (Wemyss Tramways Order Confirmation.)

159. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Kirkcaldy and Dysart Water. (Kirkcaldy and Dysart Water Order Confirmation.)

160. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water. (Lanarkshire (Middle Ward District) Water Order Confirmation.)

161. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Private Legislation Procedure (Scotland) Act 1899 relating to Airdrie Corporation Gas. (Airdrie Corporation Gas Order Confirmation.)

162. An act to confirm certain Provisional Orders made by the Board of Trade under the Trade Boards Act 1909. (Trade Boards Provisional Orders Confirmation.)

163. An act to authorise certain Local Authorities to contribute towards the cost of the acquisition of the Crystal Palace Sydenham. (Local Authorities Contributions (Crystal Palace).)

164. An act to confirm a Provisional Order under the Salmon and Freshwater Fisheries Act 1907 relating to the River Ribble and other waters. (Fisheries Provisional Order Confirmation.)

165. An act to confirm a Pilotage Order made by the Board of Trade under the Pilotage Act 1913 relating to the London District of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond. (Pilotage Order (London) Confirmation.)

166. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Independent Chapel School and Trust Property at Wibsey in the Township of North Bierley in the City of Bradford. (Wibsey (Bradford) Independent Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

167. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Horeb Union Church and Trust Property in the Ancient Township of Padiham in the Ancient Parish of Whalley in the County of Lancaster. (Padiham Horeb Union Church Scheme Confirmation.)

168. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity called the Hulme Trust Estates (Non-Educational) in the County of Lancaster and elsewhere. (Hulme Trust Estates. Scheme Confirmation.)

169. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel and Trust Property in Roe Street in the Ancient Township of Macclesfield in the Ancient Parish of Prestbury in the County of Chester. (Roe Street (Macclesfield) Congregational Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

170. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Calvinistic Chapel at Hatfield, in the West Riding of the County of York. (Hatfield (York, West Riding) Calvinistic Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

171. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the Chapel at Kingswood in the Ancient Parishes of Banstead and Ewell in the County of Surrey, (Kingswood Chapel Scheme Confirmation.)

172. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the following Charities in the County of Stafford (1) the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel in the Ancient Township of Great Haywood in the Ancient Parish of Colwich (2) the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel in Tompkin in the Township of Bagnall in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent. (Great Haywood and Tompkin Congregational Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

173. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the School Burial Ground Wesleyan Place of Worship and Trust Property at Hazel Grove in Bosden in the County of Chester. (Bosden Wesleyan Trust Property Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

174. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the following Charities: — (1) the Charity of the Congregational Chapel School and Trust Property in Grimshaw Street in the Borough of Preston in the County of Lancaster (2) the Charity consisting of the West End Congregational Chapel School and Trust Property in the Borough of Southport in the said county and (3) the Charity consisting of the Congregational Chapel School and Trust Property at Gatley in the Ancient Parish of Stockport in the County of Chester. (Preston Southport and Gatley Chapels Scheme Confirmation.)

175. An act to confirm a scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the following Charities in the Borough of Bournemouth in the County of Southampton (1) the Charity called or known as the Royal Victoria Hospital (2) the Charity called or known as the Royal Boscombe and West Hants Hospital. (Bournemouth Hospitals Scheme Confirmation.)

176. An act to confirm a Scheme of the Charity Commissioners for the application or management of the Charity consisting of the following endowments in the Parish of Alfriston in the County of Sussex (1) the Chapel and Trust Property comprised in Indentures dated respectively ninth and tenth day of September one thousand eight hundred third and fourth day of April one thousand eight hundred and eleven and twenty-ninth and thirtieth day of July one thousand eight hundred and twenty-four and (2) the Minister’s House comprised in an Indenture dated ninth day of October one thousand eight hundred and thirty-three. (Alfriston Chapel Charity Scheme Confirmation.)

