A.D. 1827. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. C.i, ii, iii. 587

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. [i. e. to the End of the next Session] ffom a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, if c.from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, SfC. after the End of the Term under former

Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken " notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, with* " out being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for building a Church or Chapel of Ease within the Township of Oulton-cum- Woodlesford, in the Parish of Rothwell, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[21st March 1827.]

[Townships within the Parish of Rothwell not to be liable to the Repairs of the Church, § 25. Saving the Rights of the Vicat of Rothwell, and of the King, and all other Persons, &c. § 26, 27.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal Navigation to alter the Line of the said Navigation, and to make certain Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Stafford and Salop.

[21st March 1827.]

[Powers, ifc. G.4. c.xcv. extended to this Act.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the NantiUe Railway to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Railway and other Works.

[21st March 1827.]

[See 6 G. 4. c. lxiii.]

598

C. iv — x.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1W7,

Cap. iv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Temple Normanton, in the Parish of Chesterfield, to the Mansfield and Tihshelf Turnpike Road, at or near Tibshelf Side Gate, in the County of Derby. (b) [21st March 18270

Cap. v.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from ChavpeTs Corner, in the Parish of Ashcott, to join the Bristol Turnpike Road at or near Rowberrow Hilly all in the County of Somerset, (b)

[21st March 18270

Cap. vi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Godley Lane Heady near Halifax, to Northotoram Green, in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [21st March 18270

[5 G.4. c.cvi. repealed0

Cap. vii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from the North-west Parts of the County of Lincoln, through Nettleham Fields, Wragby Lane, and Baumber Fields, to the North-east Part of the said County, and other Roads therein described in the said County, and in the City of Lincoln. (5)

[21st March 1827.]

[46 G.3. c. Ixx. repealed0

Cap. viii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and improving the Road from Cosham in the County of Southampton to the City of Chichester, (a) [21st March 1827-]

[46 G.S. c.xlvi. repealed.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Hulme across the River Irwell, through Salford to EcdeSy in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and a Branch of Road communicating therewith, (a) [21st March 1827-]

[46 G.3.[c.ii. repealed.']

Cap. x.

An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the County of Essex to raise Money for defraying certain Expences incurred under an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His pre- ft S G. 4. sent Majesty, intituled An Act for building an additional Gaol for the County of Essex, and for enlargingy improving, and alter-

ing the existing Prisons for the same County; and for amending the said Act, and for extending the Powers thereof, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[2d April 1827.]

[See 4- G.4.C. 64*. Powers of 1&2 GA. c.cii. as to Purchase of Houses, &c. to extend to this Act. This Act not to affect the Powers of\GA. c. 64*. or 1 ft 2 GA. c. cii., except so far as may be necessary for this Act."]

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

529

Cap. xi.

An Act to authorize the Company of Proprietor* of the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway to vary the Line of the Railway, to raise a further Sum of Money for completing their Works, and to alter and enlarge the Powers of the Act passed for making and maintaining the said Railway.

[2d April 1827.]

[&* 6G.4. c.cxx.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean, and the Waste Lands thereto belonging, in the County of Gloucester, and in the Parishes of New-land, Awe, and Lydneu, in the said County; and for making and maintaining several new Roads in and adjoining the said Forest, (a) [2d April 1827.]

[36 G. 3. c. 131. and 57 G. 3. c. lxvi. repealed. Tolls not to be mortgaged without Consent of the Lords of the Treasury, § 32; and Timber Trees not to be cut without Consent <f the Commissioners if Woods and Forests, § 37. Minerals reserved to former Owners if the Land, § 38.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Foxley Hatch in the Parish of Croydon into the Town of Reigate in the County of Surrey. (5) [2d April 1827.]

[47 G. 3. <Sess. l. c. xxv. repealed.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually* improving and keeping in repair the several Roads leading to and from the Town of Barnstaple in the County of Devon; and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same, (a) [2d April 1827.]

[3G. 3. C. 35. 24 G.3. Sess. l. c.Sl. 46 G. 3. c. cxxxix. all

repealed.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from the Buck's Head at Wading Street to Beckbury and the New Inn, and from the Birches Brook to the Hand Post in the Parish of Kemberton; and for making a new Branch of Road from a Place called Balls Hitt in the Parish oiDawley, adjoining or near to the said Roads, to or near to a Place called Lawley in. the Parish of Wellington; all in the County of Salop, (a)

[2d April 1827.]

[4G. 3. C. 81. 25 G. 3. c. 101. 46 G.3. c. viii. all repealed."]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the City of Gloucester to the Top of Birdlip Hill, and from the Foot of the said.Hill to the Top of Cricktey Hill, in the County of Gloucester. (a) [2d April 1827.]

[46 G. 3. c. 1. repealed.]

7 & 8 Geo. IV. M m

530

C. xvii — xxiii.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Cop. xvii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Alford to Bottom, and from thence to Cowbridge in the Township of Frithville, in the County of Lincoln, (a) [2d April 1827-]

[5 G.S. c. 96. 24 G.S. c. 62. 46 G.S. c. 30. all repealed. Reservation of a Right of Wap to the Inhabitants of Frith Bank, § 20; also, to the Inhabitants of Well, § 21.]

Cop. xviii.

An Act for more effectually amending and widening the Roads from Penryn to Redruth in the County of Cornwall; and for building a Bridge over Penryn River, (A) [2d April 1827-]

[3G.3. c. 52. 25G.S. c. 114. 47 G.S. c.liii. all repealed*]

Cap. xix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Shillingford in the County of Oxford, through Waiting-Jord and Pangborne, to Reading in the County of Berks; and for repairing and maintaining a Bridge over the River Thames at or near Shillingford Ferry. (a) [2d April 1827.]

[4 G.S. c. 42. 24 G.S. Sets. 1. c. 22. 45 G.S. c.xxv, all repealed.]

Cap. xx.

7 G. 4. c. xWi. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Hechbndge and Wentbridge Railway.

[12th April 1827.]

Cap. xxi.

7 G. 4. o. xlix. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act relating to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway.

[12th April 1827.]

[Powers of'I G.4. c.xlix. extended to this Act, except as herein repealed.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Validity of Life Annuities granted or purchased by the £ttn Fire Office Company.

[12th Apnl 18270

[See 54 G.S. c.ix. also 53 G.S. c. 141. S G.4. c. 92. 7 G.4. c. 75.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for providing a further Maintenance for the Rector of the Parish of Saint John Horslydoxm, within the Town and Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey.

[12th April 1827.]

[So much of 6G.2. c.ll. as relates to the Annuity of 601. to the Rector, repealed, § 1. Churchwardens to pay to the Rector 1891, per Annum out of the Monies to be raised under this Act, § 2. Stipend of 601. Tithes, , fyc. c. to cease on the 24th Day of June next, § 8. Such further Provision to the Rector to be in lieu of the Sum of 601, and all Tithes, Easter Offerings, &c. except Surplice Fees, &c. § 9.]

12

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV,

C. xxiv — xxix.

531

Cap. xxiv.

An Act to enable the Birmingham Coal Company to iitie and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or One of the Members of the said Company.

[12th April 1827.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Chapehenle-Fritk to or near to Enterclough Bridge in the County of Derby, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Derby and in the County Palatine of Chester. (a)

[12th April 1827.] [32 6.3. c. 128. 47 G. 3. Sets. 1. c. viii. both repealed.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Warwick to Paddle Brook in the Parish of Stretton-on-the-Fosse, and from Warwick to Stratford-upon-Avon, in the Counties of Warwick and Worcester. (a) [12th April 1827.]

[20 G.3. c. 71. 46 G.3. c.xlvii. both repealed.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the East End of Chapel Bar in Nottingham to the New China Works near Derby, and from the Guide Post in the Parish of Lenton to Saxoley Ferry, all in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, (b) [12th April 1827.]

[32G.2. c. 5S. 20G.3. c. 7S. 39G.3. c.xii. 59G.S. c.vi. all

repealed.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, and maintaining the Roads from the Town of Bury, through Haslingden, to Blackburn and Whalley, and also from Portfield to Padiham, and for making, repairing, and improving other Roads to communicate therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (a)

[12th April 1827.] [29 G.3. c. 107. 35 G. 3. c. 144. 50 G.3. c.xii. all repealed.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Tenth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the Cityof Norwich, for the better Employment and maintaining of the Poor there.

[28th May 1827.]

Powers, &c. of 10 Anne, c. 6. and 42 G.3. c.lvii. extended to this Act, except as hereby altered, § 1. Provision of 10 Anne, c. 6. as to Appointment of Guardians of the Poor, repealed, § 2. Appointment of new Guardians, $ 3. Personal Estates not to oe rated, § 14.]

5S2

C. xxx.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

4 6.1c. 50.

7 6.1c. 4a

Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

Cap. xxx.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in

the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the

rebuilding of London Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto.

[28th May 1827-]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the

W Reign of His present Majesty, King George the Fourth,

intituled An Act for the rebuilding of London Bridge, and for improving and making suitable]Apmroaches thereto: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to advance Money out of the Consolidated Fund towards the Expences of rebuilding London 1 Bridge: And Whereas a Doubt hath been entertained whether ' the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in ' Common Council assembled, are empowered by the said first recited Act to take and use, for the Purposes of the same Act, ' a Piece of Ground situate between the River Thames and Fishmongers Hall, of which the Wardens and Commonalty of the

Mystery of Fishmongers of the City of London claim to be the Owners: And Whereas it may be considered necessary to purchase and take Part of the said Piece of Ground, and Part of the Site of Fishmongers Hall aforesaid, and of a Messuage or Tenement, Number 115 in Upper Thames Street, adjoining thereto, for the Purposes of the said first in part recited Act;

and it is expedient that the Money to be paid in Satisfaction or as a Recompense for the Value thereof should be applied towards rebuilding the said Hall; and it is also expedient that the Powers of the said first-recited Act should be amended and enlarged: And Whereas by the said first in part recited Act it is enacted, that no Hackney Coach or other Carriage licensed to ply for Hire shall stand for Hire on the said intended Bridge,

4 or within One hundred Feet from either End thereof: And Whereas great Obstructions are occasioned in Gracechurch Street and Fish Street Hill, the principal Avenue to the present and to the said intended Bridge, by Hackney Coaches and other Carriages and Stage Coaches standing and plying for Hire; and it is desirable that the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City should be empowered to make proper Regulations for the better Government of Hackney Coaches and other Carriages and Stage Coaches in the said Streets, and the Drivers or other Persons having the Management thereof; ' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the hereinbefore recited Acts (except such of them or such Parts thereof respectively as are repealed, altered, or otherwise provided for) , shall extend and be construed to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in force in respect to the Purposes thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and

Purposes

7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. xxx.

533

Purposes whatsoever, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were herein repeated and adapted to the Purposes of this AcU

II. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, taken or purchased by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or Cestuique Trust, or to any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, or shall be limited in strict or other Settlement, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Trustees of London Bridge; to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, which shall be so taken or purchased as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Exchequer upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall

Mm3 from

Application of Compensation when amounting to SOQt.

5 34

C.xzx.

7° & 8*GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Application where the Compensation shall be lets than 200L and amount to 20L

Application where the Money is less than 20f.

In case of not making out Titles, or Persons entitled not being found.

from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lamb, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

11L Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there riiall be any Money to be paid for any Wharft, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, taken or purchased as aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, or which shall be limited in strict or other Settlement, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, for the Time being entitled to the Renta and Profits of the Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, I*ands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges so taken or purchased, or of the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of such Person or Persons, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the name shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, making such Option, and be approved of by the said Lord Mayor for the Time being (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the nominating and approving Persons) , in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Exchequer.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Whaifi, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, and Charges, taken or purchased as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit; or in case of the Infancy or Lunacy of such Person or Persons, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Body or Bodies Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parts, Shares, Estates, or Interests therein, or Charge thereon, to

be

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO- IV.

& xxx.

5SS

be taken or purchased bj virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the same, or to execute a proper Conveyance or proper Conveyances of the same Premises, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the same, to the Satisfaction of the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum and Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Plans, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Party or Parties interested in the said WharfB, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges (describing Such Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments) , or if such Party or Parties shall not be known, then to the Credit of the then unknown Person or Persons interested in the said Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, (describing the same Wharft, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments) , subject to the Order, Control, and Disposition of the said Court of Exchequer; which said Court of Exchequer, on the Application of any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of or in satisfaction for any Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or of any Estate, Right, Title, Charge, or Interest in, to, or upon any Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

M m 4- to

Persons in Possession presumptively untitled.

' 536

C. xxx.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Court of Exchequer may order Expences of Purchases to be paid.

Purchase Money for Estates comprised in the first Act may be paid into the Court of Chancery or Exchequer.

to be taken or purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or of any Bank Annuities to be purchased with anywudi Money, or the Dividends and Interest of any such Bank Annuitie *, the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who shall have been in the Possession of such Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Building, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, claiming under such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to nave been lawfully entitled to such Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Exchequer; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or to some Estate or Interest therein or Charge thereon.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons entitled to any Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, to be taken or purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase or Compensation Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Exchequer to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, out of the Monies to be applied for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to reauire any Purchase or Compensation Money for any Wharfs, Warehouses, Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments described in the Schedule to the said first in part recited Act, or for any Part or Parts, Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, to be taken or purchased under the Authority of the said Act, to be paid in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, but the same shall and may be paid either in the Name and with

A.D. 1827. 7° & 8° GEO, IV.

Cm.

537

th4 Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, according to the Directions contained in the said first in part recited Act, or in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, according to the Directions hereinbefore contained, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, may think proper and direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, if they shall think proper, to stop up and inclose, take and use, for such Time or Times as they shall think necessary for the Purpose of making and erecting the said intended Fridge, all or any Part of a Piece of Ground bounded on the South by the River Thames, and North by Fishmongers Hall, on the East by Premises late in the Occupation of Marmaduke Thompson, and on the West by Premises in the Occupation of John Garratt Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the City of London, without any Notice to or previous Agreement with the Owner or Owners thereof, and to break up the Soil, drive Piles irito, and use and alter the same, making the like Satisfaction for the Use thereof, and for any Damage to be done thereby, and in the like Manner as is required by the said first-recited Act to be made for any Damage to be done to Wharfs, Grounds, and Hereditaments thereby authorized to be used for landing and working Materials.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered to take and use, or cause to be taken and used, for the Purposes of the said first in part recited Act and this Act, Part of the said Piece of Ground, and Part of the Site of Fishmongers Hall, and of the said Messuage or Tenement connected therewith, extending from North to South from the North-east Corner in Thames Street to the River Thames, and of the Width of Twenty Feet from East to West, and pull down and remove Such Part of the said Hall and Messuage or Tenement which it may be deemed necessary or expedient to take, use, or pull down and remove for the Purposes of the said first in part recited Act and this Act, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes (except with respect to the Notice to be given as hereinafter is provided, and the Payment of the Money to be paid for the same) , as if the same Premises had been mentioned in the said Schedule to the said first in part recited Act annexed.

XI. And be it further enacted, that the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons, in the actual Occupation of such Part of Fishmongers Hall aforesaid, or any Buildings thereto belonging, or adjoining or connected therewith, the Site whereof is hereinbefore authorized to be taken, as shall be required for the Purposes of the said first-recited Act and this Act, shall, at the Expiration of Two Calendar Months next after Notice in Writing from the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or their Agent duly authorized, shall have been left at or affixed upon the same Premises, or so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled,

or

Corporation empowered to inclose the Ground between the River and Fishmongers Hall.

Corporation empowered to take Part of the Site of Fishmongers Hall, &c.

Occupiers to give up Possession on Two Months'Notice.

538

C. xxx.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Purchase Money may be applied in rebuilding the said Hall.

For preventing the Necessity of the Presence of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen at Southwark Sessions.

Jury may view the Premises before they are sworn.

Costs payable by the Corporation to be taxed.

If Costs ore not taxed. Possession may be taken without paying them.

or the Person or Persons authorized by theta to take Pbnanon thereof; and that in case any such Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, shall refuse to give up such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffe of the said City of London to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriffs are hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing of such Precept or Precepts on the Body or Person or Persons refusing to give up such Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to apply the Whole or any Part of the Monies to be paid for the Purchase of the said Piece of Ground, and Part of the Site of the said Building called Fishmongers Hall, and the Messuage or Tenement adjoining thereto and connected therewith, in or towards the rebuilding of the Hall of the said Com-

And be it further enacted, That all such Proceedings, Powers, Authorities, Verdicts, Acts, Deeds, Matters, and Things, as are by the said first-recited Act directed or required to be made, done, or executed before or by the said Mayor and Aldermen at any General or any Special Sessions of the Peace for the Borough of Southwark, may be made, done, and executed before or by the same Justices, and in the same Manner, as any other Proceedings, Judgments, Deeds, or Things may by Law be made, done, or executed at any General or Special Sessions.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any Jury, or any Tfeee or more of them, may be authorized to view any Place or Places or Premises in question, in pursuance of the said fint-recited Act or this Act, either before or after an Oath shall have been administered to them in pursuance of the Direction in the said fint-recited Act for that Purpose contained.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring any Recompense, Value, or Compensation to be assessed and awarded in pursuance of the said first-recited Act or this Act, and of assessing and awarding the same, shall be taxed by the Registrar or other proner Officer for the Time being of the said Court of Mayor and Alaermen, or of the said Sessions, as well where the same are required to be borne or paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, as where the same are required to be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies, or Person or Persons, entitled to or claiming such Value, Recompense, and Compensation.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Body or Bodies, or the Person or Persons, entitled to any Costs, Charges, or Expences which shall be payable by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in consequence of any Verdict in pursuance of the said first-recited Act or this Act, shall not deliver or send an Account of such Costs, Charges, or Expences within Ten Days after Notice in Writing, signed by the Comptroller of the Bridge House Estates of the said City, shall

have

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

C* xxx.

53 9

have been given to them, him, or her, or left on the Premises in respect of which the same shall be payable, or shall not attend personally, or by a proper Officer or Attorney, tQ have the same taxed, upon Notice in Writing, signed by the said Comptroller, being given or left as aforesaid Three Days before the Time to be therein mentioned for such Taxation, then it shall be lawful, on Payment or Tender of the Sum of Money, Recompense, or Satisfaction awarded by such Verdict, to the Party or Parties entitled to the same, or into the Bank of England, according to the Directions contained in the said first-recited Act, for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, to take Possession of or pull down the Hereditaments comprised in or affected by such Verdict, without paying or tendering the Amount of the said Costs, Charges, or Expences, or any Sum of Money in respect thereof; and the Amount of such Costs, Charges, or Expences, when the same shall have been duly taxed, may afterwards be recovered in an Action or Actions against the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, and shall be paid out of the Monies raised or authorized to be applied by virtue of the said first-recited Act and this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first in part recited Act as prevents the Burial Ground of the Parish of St. Magnus, therein mentioned, from being taken or used for the Purposes of the said Act, until such new Burial Ground as therein is directed to be provided shall have been conveyed and effectually secured, and procured to be consecrated and inclosed as therein is mentioned, and also so much of the same Act as directs the Remains of any Person or Persons deposited in any Grave or Graves, Vault or Vaults, in the said present Burial Ground, and the Grave Stones therein, from being removed to and interred or put and laid in such new Burial Ground, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall have provided or secured to be provided such new Burial Ground as in the said Act is mentioned, to the Satisfaction of the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish, or the major Part of them, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to take and use the said present Burial Ground for the Purposes of the said first-recited Act and this Act, although such new Burial Ground may not have been conveyed and effectually secured, and consecrated and inclosed; and that any Remains of any Person or Persons so deposited as aforesaid, or Grave Stones, to be removed to and interred or put up and laid in the new Burial Ground, shall and may, with the Consent of the Rector and Churchwardens of the said Parish, or the major Part of them, be removed to and interred or put up and laid in the other present Burial Ground of the said Parish adjoining the Parish Church: Provided always, that the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall and they are hereby required, with all convenient Speed after the present Bridge shall be taken down, to provide a new Burial Ground, and cause the same to be conveyed and effectually

secured,

Clauses in former Act, respecting Burial Ground of St Magnus, repealed.

Burial Ground of Su Magnus may be taken, although a new Burial Ground is not inclosed and conae- crated.

C. xxx.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Surplus Rents of Bridge House Estates to be applied in building the new Bridge *

Power to the Court of Aldermen to make Regulations respecting Hackney and Stage Coaches in Gracechurch Street and Fish Street Hill.

secured, and consecrated and inclosed, as in the said Act is mentioned; and the Ground and Soil of the said present Burial Ground taken and used as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall not vest in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, by virtue of the said first in part recited Act, until such new Burial Ground shall have been so conveyed, secured, consecrated, and inclosed *

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime, and until any Sum or Sums of Money shall be borrowed by virtue of the said first-recited Act, from any Person or Persons other than or besides the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, if they shall think proper, to cause all or any Part of the Residue which shall from time to time remain, after answering the Purposes therein mentioned, of the yearly Sum, of Twelve thousand Pounds, thereby directed to be set apart out of the Rents and Profits of the Bridge House Estates, and also the Residue and Surplus of the said Rents and Profits after Payment of the Interest and other Payments to be made in respect of the Monies borrowed and to be borrowed from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be applied towards the Erection, building, and completing of the intended new Bridge, or other the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, instead of paying and applying the same in Discharge of any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed, or investing the same at Interest, or in the Purchase of Stock, as directed by the said first recited Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen from time to time to appoint proper Places in or near Gracechurch Street and Fish Street HtU aforesaid, where Hackney Coaches and other Carriages and Stage Coaches respectively may stand and ply for Hire, and make such Orders for regulating the Number of such Carriages to stand in such Places respectively, and the Distances at which they shall stand from each other, and the Times at and during which they may stand and ply for Hire, and such other Orders and Regulations for the better ordering and regulating the said Hackney Coaches and other Carriages and Stage Coacnes in the said Streets, and the Drivers or other the Person or Persons having the Management thereof respectively, as to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall seem proper, and from time to time to alter, amend, or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and to make others in the room thereof; and the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall cause all the Rules, Orders, and Regulations to be made by them as aforesaid, and every Alteration, Amendment, or repeal thereof respectively, to be advertized in the London Gazette, and in Two or more Newspapers circulated in the said City of London, and a Copy thereof to be hung up for Public Inspection in the Town Clerk's Office at the Guildhall of the said City, before the same or any of them shall be carried into Effect, or be considered as repealed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen; and in case the Driver, or any Person or Persons having the Management of any Hackney Coach or other Carriage or Stage Coach,

shall

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

C.m.

541

shall permit the same to stand for Hire in the said Streets or either of them, in any Place which shall not be appointed as aforesaid by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or at or for any other or any longer Time than shall be appointed as aforesaid, or shall in any other Manner offend against the Rules, Orders, and Regulations to be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen by virtue of this Act, or any of them, the Person who shall so place the same, or if such Person shall not be known, the Owner of such Hackney Coach or other Carriage or Stage Coach shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to seize or to assist in seizing every such Hackney Coach or other Carriage or Stage Coach standing contrary to such Regulations, together with every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass, drawing, belonging, or attached thereto, and to convey the same to the common Pound or Green Yard of the said City, there to be impounded and kept until the Owner or OwnerB thereof, or his or their known Servant or Servants, shall claim the same, and shall have paid the Charges of removing and keeping every such Hackney Coach or other Carriage or Stage Coach, and any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Ass as aforesaid, and also the Penalty or Forfeiture to be inflicted upon any Person convicted of such Offence, and in case the same shall not be claimed, and the Charges, Penalty, or Forfeiture paid within the Space of Ten Days after such Seizure, it shall be lawful for any Alderman of the said City to cause the same, or a competent Part thereof, to be appraised and sold for Payment of the said Charges, and Penalty or Forfeiture, returning to such Owner or Owners, upon Demand, such Part or Parts thereof as shall not have been sold, together with the Surplus, if any, of the Monies arising by such Sale; and every such Penalty or Forfeiture for any Offence committed with or in respect of any Hackney Coach,

Cabriolet, or other Hackney Carriage, may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Methods, and applied in such Manner as by the several Acts of Parliament in force respecting Hackney Coaches' Penalties for Offences are authorized to be levied, recovered, and applied; and every such Penalty and Forfeiture for any Offence committed with or in respect of any Stage Coach, may be levied and recovered in such Manner as by the said first in part recited Act the Penalties or Forfeitures thereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed are directed to be levied and recovered, and the same (after deducting such Part thereof (if any) as shall be adjudged to be paid for the Use of any Informer or Informers, or any Person or Persons taking, seizing, or assisting therein) , shall be paid to the Chamberlain of the City of London for the Time being, to the Account of the Commissioners of Sewers of the said City of London and Liberties thereof for the Time being, to be applied for the general Purposes of the Acts of Parliament which the said Commissioners are and shall be appointed to carry into Execution.

[Public Act.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

5*2

C. xxxi — xxxiv. 7° A 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Bure, from Runkam to Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

[28th May 1827.]

[The Royal Family; Mailt and Expresses under the Authority of the Postmaster General; Soldiers and Volunteers on March or Duty; Cattle, , fyc. c. carrying their Amu or Baggage, or Public Stores; Volunteer Cavalry going to or returning from. Extreme; Persons going to or returning from an Election of a Knight of the Shirefor Norfolk, on the Days of Election, or on the Day before or the Day after; Vagrants sent by Passesf Prisoners sent by Warrant, or Watermen, he. employed in navigating or hauling any Vessel along the River Bure, going over the Bridge for the Purpose of changing or passing the Lines, orfor any other Purpose connected mth the Safety of the Vessel, exempted from Toll, § 10. The Bridge not to be a County Bridge, § 13.]

Cap. xxxii.

52 G.2. c. 62- An Act for explaining and amending Three Acts for building a 8G.8.C. 16. Bridge across the River Clyde, from the City of Glasgow to the 14 G. s. c. 108. Village of Gorbals; and for repairing, widening, and enlarging the Old Bridge across the said River, from the said City to the said Village; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[28th May 1827-]

[32 G. 2. c. 62. 8G.3. c. 16. and 1*G.S. c. 103. continued in force, except as altered by this Act, § 1. Power to appoint additional Trustees, § 2. Royal Family exempt from Tolls, $ 25- Persons carrying Mails and Expresses under the Authority of the Postmaster General, except as they are specially liable by 53 G.S. c. 68./ Officers or Soldiers on their March or on Duty; Horses conveying their Arms or Baggage, or sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or public Stores, or Volunteer Infantry; Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry on Duty; and Horses conveying Criminals or Vagrants sent by Warrants or legal Passes, also exempted from Tolls, § 26.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of Westminster and Part of the County of Middlesex to purchase certain Premises situate at the Corner of Sun Court in Curzon Street, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square, in the said City and Liberty; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for more effectually enlarging and improving the Harbours of Peterhead in the County of Aberdeen.

[28th May 1827.]

[*7 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. cx. repealed, § 1. Debts, Penalties, Contracts, Conveyances, , fyc. c. under that Act to remain in force, 12. Trustees appointed, § 3. No Person to be a Burgess of Peterhead, except Persons entitled under the Charter of 1st June 1593, — $ 8.

Trustees

A.D. 1827. 76 & 8° GEO. IV. C. xxxiv — xxxvii.

Trustees not to hold Offices of Emolument under tlm Act, nor to be concerned in Contracts, § 12. Trustees incorporated, $ 18. Trustees may lew/ Rates and Duties from the Proprietors of all Goods, , fyc. c. imported into or exported from the Harbours, and may increase and lessen the same, § 24. Power reserved to His Majesty and Lords of the Treasury to reduce Duties on Foreign Skips and Goods, § SO. Trustees may levy Dock Duties and let the same on a Lean, § SI Trustees to collect Rates during First Two Years after 1st July 1828; and thereafter to let the same by Roup, § SS. Exemption of Ships in the Service of His Majesty, 8fC. § 41. Tonnage Duty to be but once paid during the Voyage, § 42. Trustees empowered to license Pilots, Meters, and Weighers, and to regulate their Fares, Conduct, , fyc. c. § 66. Masters of Vessels entering or leaving Harbours to take Pilots, § 69. JBaiuies and Town Council may pay Sums from the Funds of the Community of Feuars towards the Purposes of this Act, § 70. Officers appointed by the Trustees to he competent Witnesses in Proceedings relative to this Act, $ 104.}

Cap. xxxv.

An Act to continue and amend Four Acts for the Improvement of the Fort and Harbour of Drogheda, in the County of the Town of Drogheda, and the Counties of Louth and Meath.

[28th May 1827.]

{^Powers of Acts of 30G.S. (/.) c. 39. 37 G.3. (/.) c. 56. 48G.S.

(U. K.) c. cvi. and 50G.3. (U. K.) <xx. extended to this Act, § 1. Provision in SO G. 3. c.S9. authorizing Members of Parliament for Drogheda, Meath, and Lowth, to he Commissioners, repealed, § 2. New Commissioners appointed, § 3. Commissioners empowered to borrow not exceeding 15,000?. on Security of the Rates, § 6. Vessels in His Majesty's Service, , fyc. c. exempt'from Rates, § 16. Commissioners may license and dismiss Pilots, and fx Rates of Pilotage, § 26. Persons destroying ike Works liable to Fine and Imprisonment, § 30.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to extend the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for supplying the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster with Water, to Harrington and Toxtdh Park in the said County.

[28th May 1827.]

[Powers of 8 G. 4. c. lxxvii. extended to this Act, § I. Name and Style (f Company altered to " The Company of Proprietors of the Liverpool and Harrington Waterworks$ 2. The Company not to purchase more than Five Acres of Landfrom incapacitated Persons, § 16. Saving Rights of Devisees of Duke of Bridgwater, § 47. And of the Corporation of Liverpool (except as repealed by this Act) , and fall other Persons, &c. § 48. J

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for better regulating the Supply of Water in the Town of Leek in the County of Stafford.

[28th May 1827.]

[S*e 45 G.3. c.xcvi. 6 G.4. c.lxxi.]

543

8 G. 4. c, lxxvii.

544

Gxxxviii — xl i.

7° &8° GEO. IV. A.D. Mfer.

C(flp. xxxviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Portsea Island Waterworks to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating to the said Undertaking.

[28th May 1827-]

[Powers of 49 G.8. c. cxviii. extended to this Act, § 1. Company to have Power to raise a further Sum ofS, OOOOl, in Shares of5(M-each, § 2. Such Shares to stand on the same footing with original Shares, § 3. and to be Personal Estate, § 4. Saving of Rights of Corporation of Portsmouth except in Cases mentioned in this or the recited Act, § 29.]

Cap. xxxix.

7 G. 4. c.xxxt. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for lightings watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Camberwell New Road, the Lambeth Wyke Estate, and other Places in the Vicinity thereof in the Parishes g/* Lambeth, Camberwell, and Newington, in the County of Surrey.

[28th May 1827.]

[Declaration, that the Whole of the Lambeth Wuke Estate, including that Part of it which fronts upon the Road leading from London to Croydon, was included in 7 G. 4. c.xxxv. — § 1. Road from, Kennington Gate to Loughborough House placed under this Act, § 2. Saving the Rights of the (Sapham Trust, § 7.]

Cap. xl.

38 G. s. c. xv. An Act to amend an Act for enlarging the Powers of the Company of Merchants of the City of Edinburgh.

[28th May 1827.]

[Entry Fee increased to 631. — § 2. Fees payable by Persons entering into the Company Two Years after having commenced Business increased at the Rate of 3/. 3s. for each additional Year after such Persons have attained Twenty five, § 3. Widows* Fund to be established under certain Rules and Regulations, § 4. An Annuity if 25l. to be paid to Widows of Members, § 19. No Widow to draw more than One Annuity at One Time. Member marrying the Widow of a former Member, exempted from the Marriage Tax and Contributions during the Marriage, § 20. Members empowered to increase and diminish Widows' Annuities, § 21, 22. Annuities not to be assignable, nor attachable by Creditors, § 26. Contributors, being married, may declare the Annuity to be in Part of the Provision otherwise made for their Wives, § 27. Trustees to be chosen at a Meeting of Contributors. Master and Old Master, if Contributors, to be Trustees, § 28. Trustees mau sue or be sued in the Name of the Collector, § 35. Trustees to be liable for their own Intromissions only, and to be reimbursed oil necessary Expences, § 41. Power to Contributors to make Rules and Regulations for the Administration of the Fund, $ 42.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for improving and supporting the Navigation of the River Brue, from the Mouth thereof, at its Junction with the River

Parrett,

A.Dl 1627 *

7° at 8° GEO. IV.

C.xli — xlvii.

545

Parrttt, to Cripps's House, and for making and constructing a Canal from thence to the Town of Glastonbury in the County of Somerset.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Communication for Ships and other Vessels between the City of Norwich and the Sea, at or near Lowestoft in the County of Suffolk.

[28th May 1827.]

Saving Rights of the City of Norwich and Borough of Great Yarmouth, § 144. Company not to exhibit or alter Lights without the Sanction of the Trinity House, § 145. Saving of Rights of the Trinity House, § 146. J

Cap. xliii.

An Act for forming a Carriage Road or Drive round the Park or Public Green of Glasgow; and for the better Regulation of the Fire Places and Chimnies of Steam Engines and other Works in the said City and Suburbs.

[28th May 1827.]

[See 54 G. 3. c.cxcviii.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for more effectually improving Golden Square, in the Parish of Saint James Westminster, in the County of Middlesex.

[28th May 1827.]

[24 G.2. c. 27. repealed. This Act not to affect Rights under that

Act.']

Cap. xlv.

An Act for paving, gravelling, and otherwise improving certain Streets and Places on the East Side of Kentish Town in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for removing the Corn, Hay, and Cattle Markets of the Town of Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York; for erecting a Corn Exchange, and improving the Market Places and regulating the Fairs and Markets of the said Town, and erecting a Bridge thereover the River Dun.

[28th May 1827.]

[24 G.3. c. 5. repealed.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for improving the Drainage of Part of the South Level of the Fens within the Great Level commonly called Bedford Level, and the Navigation of the Rivers passing through the same, in the Counties of Cambridge, Suffolk, and Norfolk, and in the Isle of Ely.

[28th May 1827.]

[See 33 G.2. c. 32. 47 G.3. Sess. 2. c. 1. 47 G.3. Sess. 2. c.lxxxiii. 4G.4. c.ciii. — 31 G.2. c. 18. 29G.3. c. 22. 40 G.3. c.xc. —

14 G.2. c. 24. 37 G.3. c. 88. 53 G.3. c.lxxxi ---- 7 G.3. c. 53.

19G.3. c. 34. 59 G.3. c.lxxviii. — 13 G.l. c. 18. 37 G.S. c. 96.

N n

7 A 8 Geo. IV.

C.xWni--4i.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 187 *

546

Cap. xlviii *

An Act for maintaining and repairing the public Drains, Bridges, and Highways, on certain Extra-parochial Lands formerly called Sinfin Moor, in the County of Derby.

[28th May 1827.]

[See 42G.3. c. 69. Pr.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Fens, Ings, and Waste Lands in the Parish of Washingborough in the County of Lincoln, and Township of Heighington in the same Parish; and also for embanking, draining, and improving certain Lands within the same Parish and Township.

[28th May 1827.]

[Allotments to be made to the Rector in lieu of Glebe Land employed in the making of Drainsy 8fc. and for uninclosed Glebe Lands, Rights of Common, Great Tithes of the Open Lands, and fur a Rate or Tax payable to the Witham Company and Proprietors, § 21, 23, 24, Sf 25. Corn Rent to be paid in lieu of Tithes on the ancient inclosed Lands, § 27* Allotments to Rector and Corn Rent to be in lieu of Great and Small Tithes, , fyc. c. § 32. Commissioners may with Rectors Consent compensate Corn Rents on Tofisteads out of Allotments for the same, § 33. Persons not having Open Lands, to pay in Money for the Tithes, or may compensate out of their inclosed Lands, § 34. Com Rents may be compensated for by an Allotment of Land in lieu thereof, § 35. Proprietors of the River Witham to pay Tithes as before, § 37. Allotments to Rector to be fenced at expence of other Proprietors, § 43. Rector may lease his Allotments for Twenty one Years, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, § 44. Power to Rector to borrow Money on Mortgage of Glebe Lands to defray his Proportion of the Expences of Drains, S^c. § 69.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the North Side of Cavendish Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Town of Derby, and from the said Town to the Guide Post on Holland Ward in the same County. (5) [28th May 1827.]

[11G.2. c.SS. 17G%2. C. 20. 3SG.2. c.SS. 17G.3. c. 101. and 46G.8. c.xcviii. repealed, 1. Carriages with Materials for draining exempt from Tolls, $ 20. Leases of Tolls to be vacated on Fourteen Days' Notice, and Satisfaction to be made to Lessees; but Trustees and Lessees may agree to continue Leases, § 38.]

Cap. li.

An Act for amending, improving, and maintaining in Repair the Road between the Point at which the great Roads from the City of Carlisle to the Cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow respectively separate, and Westlinton Bridge in the County of Cumberland. (5) [28th May 1827.]

[46 G. 3. c.liii. repealed, $ 1.]

.A .D. 1827.

7°& S° GEO, IV.

C.fii — lviii.

547

C*p.W.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Speenham-land in the County of Berks, to Marlborough in the County of Wilts, so far as relates to the Marlborough District of the said Road, (a) [28th May 1827.]

[IOG.S. c.IOO. 33(7.3.0.138. 54(7.3. e.ccx.and 56G.S. cAxxx.

. repealed as to the Marlborough District*'}

Cap. liii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road from Whitby to Middleton, in the County of York. (a)

[28th May 1827.]

£4Gr.3. o.69. 25G.3. c. 111. and 47G.3. Sess. 2. c.xc. repealed.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for repairing the Road from Dunchurch to Hillmorton in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Saint James*s End in the Parish of Duston in the County of Northampton, (a)

[28th May 1827.]

[46 G. 3. c.htix. repealed.']

Cap. lv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Hollinwood to Littleborough, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County of Lancaster, (a) [28th May 182T7.]

[45 G.3. e.vii. repealed.]

Cap. Ivi.

An Act for repairing the Road from the High Bridge in Spalding to Tydd Goat in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads in the same County, (a) [28th May 1827.]

[4(7.3. c. 53. 25 G. 3. c. 123. and 46 G. 3. c.Ii. repealed, § 1. Leases of Tolls to cease on the First Rent Days after Commencement of Act, § 20. Compensation to Lessees, SfC. may be re* covered by Action if they and the Trustees cannot agree as to the Amount, § 21.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for more effectually amending and improving the Road from Bawtry Bridge in the County of Nottingham to Hainton in the County of Lincoln, and other Roads therein mentioned, (a)

[28th May 1827.] [5 G.3. c. 85. 26 G.3. c. 141. and 46 G.3. c.xviii. repealed.]

Cap. lviiL

An Act for amending, repairing, and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Rotherham to Swwton, in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [28th May 1827.]

[49 G. 3. c.y. repealed, § 1. Horses, &c. drawing Carriages laden with Coal, See. not to past qftener than Twice without paving Toll, § 15.]

548

C. lix — Ixiv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

A.D- 1827-

Cap. lix.

An Act for repairing the Road from Blackburn in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Addingham and Cocking End in the West Riding of the County of York; and for m*lcing and maintaining a new Road from Old Accrington to the Burnley and Rochdale Turnpike Road in Habergham Eaves in the said County of Lancaster, and a Branch therefrom, (a)

[28th May 1827.]

[50 G.S. c.xxxvi. repealed, § 1. Tolls to be paid for Horses, &c. but Once a Day, unless passing a Fifth Timet § 20.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for repairing the Roads from the Stone Pillar on Alconbury Hill to Wansford Bridge, and from Norman Cross to Peterborough Bridge, all in the County of Huntingdon.

[28th May 1827.] [38 G.3. c.xlviii. and 59 G.3. c.xxiv. repealed.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Romsey to Stockbridge and Wallop, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Southampton. (b)

[28th May 1827.]

[4 G. 3. c. 47* 25 G.3. c. 126. and 46 G.S. c. c. repealed* Horses drawing different Carriages to pay each Time of passing, § 16.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Frodsham to the South End of Wilderspool Causeway, within Appleton, in the County Palatine of Chester; and for making and maintaining a certain Extension or new Branch of Road to communicate therewith, (b) [28th May 1827.]

[26 G.S. c. 139. and 47 G.3. Sess. 2. c.xvii. repealed. Horses, &c. for which Tolls have been paid to repass Once only Toll free, § 22. Horses, 8$c. conveying Milk to pay only Once a Day, § 24.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Rockdale through jSanford and Birtle to Bury, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[28th May 1827.] [See 37 G.S. c. 145. — 47 G.S. Sess. 2. c.li. repealed*]

Cap. Ixiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Standedge in Saddleworth in the County of York, to Oldham in the County of Lancaster, and other Roads in the said County of York, and for making and maintaining Two new Branches to communicate therewith. (A) [28th May 1827.]

[32 G.S. c. 139. and54 G.S. c.lvi. repealed. Horses, &c. to repass once Toll-free, but to pay Six foil Tolls only in One Day, § 17.]

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

C.Jxv — lix.

549

Cap. lxv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kilkullen, in the County of Kildare, to the Town of Carlow.

[28th May 1827.]

iSee 46G.3. c.ci.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Dublin, by !Ashbourne, to Slane and Drogheda. (b) [28th May 1827.]

£See56G.3. c. lxxxvi. Trustees mpy erect Weigh Houses, and charge Toll by Weight, § 30. Horses of Soldiers on March or Duly, or carrying their Arms, or Baggage, or Public Stores; Horses drawing or belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry, or conveying volunteer Infantry on the Days of Service, or used by any Constable or Policeman, or any Magistrate accompanying him; Carts employed in drawing Materials for the Rood, exempt from Toll, § 40.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Barton Waterside House to Riseham Hedge Comer, and other Roads in the County of Lincoln, connected therewith, (b) [28th May 1827.]

[5 G. 3. c. 88. 26 G. 3. c. 146. and 48 G. 3. c. xxiv. repealed.

Manure to pay Toll for Overweight, § 18.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the End of Ardwick Green near Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Hyde Lane Bridge, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[28th May 1827.]

[58 G. 3. c.vi. repealed. Toll to be paid only Once for passing and repassing, § 23.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Ealand to the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, (b)

[28th May 1827.]

[14 G.2. c. 25. 26 G.2. c. 61. 17 G.3. c. 87. and 35 G.3. c. 159.]

repealed. Half Tolls to be paid for Manure in the Winter Season, § 18.]

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for more effectually making, amending, and improving the Road from Buck Stones to Barkisland School, at the Highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland; and for making and maintaining an Extension of the said Road to join the Halifax and Huddersfield Turnpike Road, at the South End of Eltand Bridge, and a Branch therefrom, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (5) [28th May 1827.]

[6 G.4. c.cii. repealed, so far as relates to Barkisland and Saddle-worth District, § 1.]

Nn 3

550

C* lxxi — dxxv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

' A.D. 1sn

6 H. 8. c. 7.

2 4 3 Ph. & M. v. 16.

Cap. ixxL

An Act for making and maintaining a Road Aom the Town of Nor-thasnpton, in die County of Northampton, to CM BrayfiM, w the County of Buckingham. (b) [28th Map 18T7.]

[7W full Tolls only to be paid in One Day, f 14.] CaplxjuL

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and iVomani of an Act relating to the Road from Bamsdale through Pontefract, to Thwrite Crate, near Leeds, and also of an Act relating to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York, (a) [28th May 1827.]

[59 tir.S. c.lxxxi. repealed* Exemption from Tollfor Lord Stomrton and his Tenants, and othersfetching Coalfrom his Collieries, § 87. Power to collect Tollfrom Lord Stourton and others exempted, in case of Removal of Hunslet Bar, § 88. Coal and Lime Stem in Glass Houghton, and the Inhabitants of that Township, on Pontefract Market Days, exempt from Tollfor Thirteen Years, f 41.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Creed to Ruan Lanehome, and from Dennis Water to Tret him Mill, in the County of Cornwall, (b) [28th May 182T7-]

[2 G.3. c. 46. 24 G.3. Sess. 1. c. 27. andteS G.3. c.xlviii. repealed.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the South East End of the Town of Loughborough, in the County of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the South End of Cavendish Bridge, in the same County, (a) [28th May 1827-] [17 G.3. c. 108. and 47 G.3. Sess. 2. c.xix. repealed. Tmofull Tolls only to be taken on the same Day, and onlyOne if the Horse passes Five Miles only on the Road, § 16. Where Horses have passed through a Gate, and return droning a Carriage, the TelI paid on the Horses to be deducted, § 17. No Toll fir Lime between 1st May and 1st October in each Year, § 20.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Watermen and Lightermen on the River Thames, between Yantlet Creek and Windsor.

[14th June 1827.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Sixth Year of the Yv Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for regulating the several Sums that Watermen on the River of Thames Should take for their Fare from one Place to another near to the City of London: And Whereas an Act was made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, intituled An Act touching Watermen and Bargemen upon the River 4 ^Thames; and thereby the Mayor and the Court of Aldermen of the City of London were empowered to elect yearly Eight Watermen to be the Overseers and Rulers of allfthe Wherrymen and Watermen upon the said River of Thames between Graves

12 end

A.D. 1827.

1° Sl 8° GEa IV.

e.ixxv.

551

end and Windsor, who should allow of or admit and register each Watermen as therein is mentioned; and the said Major and Court of Aldermen were directed from time to time, at their Discretion, to ast and assess the Prices and Sums of Money that every Person authorised to row by the said Overseers and Eulers, betwixt Gravesend end Windsor, should take Sir his Labour or Fare from Place to Place: And Whereas an Act was made in the First Year of the Reign of King James the Firsts intituled An Act concerning Whenymen and Watermen: And l Jac. ]. c. 16. Whereas an Act was made In the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled An Act for n & 12 W. s. the Explanation and better Execution (ffarmer Acts made touching c* 21> Watermen and Wherrymen roaring on the River of Thames; and far the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherry* men, and Lightermen upon the said River between Gravesend and Windsor; and thereby Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen, working between Gravesend and Windsor, were constituted One Company, and the said Lightermen were directed to be registered; and the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London were empowered to elect yearly Eight Watermen, and also Three Lightermen out of Twelve to be nominated by the Lightermea, to be Overseers and Rulers of the Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen; and the said Overseers and Rulers were required to appoint such Assistants, and present to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen such Auditors, as therein is mentioned; and the said Rulers, Auditors, and Assistants were empowered to make Rules, Orders, and Constitutions for maintaining good Order and Obedience amongst the Company, to be altered or approved by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and afterwards confirmed or altered by the Lord Chief Justice of either Bench: And Whereas an Act ' was made in die Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the better ordering and governing the Watery .4 Abu. c. 13. men and Lightermen upon the River of Thames: And Whereas aa Act was made in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for making more effectual 2 G. 2. c. 26. several Acts passed relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen rowing on the River Thames; and for better ordering and governing such Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen: And Whereas an Act was made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to 4 G. 2. c. 24. explain and amend a Clause in an Act passed in the Second Year of His Majesty's Reign (for making more effectual several Acts relating to Watermen, Wherrymen, end Lightermen rowing on the River Thames) , so far as the same relates to Ferry Boats andflat-battomed Boats: And Whereas an Act was made in the lenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty Sling George the Second, intituled An Adfor regulating the Company of Watermen, Wherry- 10 G. 2. c. 31. men, and Lightermen rowing on the River Thames, between Gravesend in the County of Kent, and Windsor in the County of Berks:

And Whereas an Act was made in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better regulating, andgonerning the Watermen, Wherry- 34 q. 3, c> 65§ men, and Lightermen upon the River of Thames between Graves -

N n 4* ' end

552

C.ixxv.

7° 8 i8« GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

29 Car. 2. c. 7.

58.

Recited Acts of 6 H. 8.

2 & 3 Ph. & M.

I Jac.

II & 12 W. 3.

4 Ann. 2 G. 2. 4 G. 2. 10G. 2. 34 G. 3. and so much of

29 Car. 2. c. 7. as prevents travelling by 'Water on Sunday, repealed.

Repeal of recited Acts not to revive any Acts repealed by them* Limits of this Act.

' end and Windsor; 2nd thereby the Court of Lord Mayor* and *' Aldermen of the City of London were empowered to> make *' Rules, Orders, and Constitutions for the better Government and Regulation of Watermen, Wherrymen, and lightermen upon the said River Thames between Gravesend and Windsor, and to ' alter, repeal, and make void the same, or any of the Rules; 4 Orders, or Constitutions then in force, in Manner and with the ' Approbation therein mentioned: And Whereas by an Act passed ' in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles die

Second, intituled An Act for the better Observation of the Lords c Day commonly called Sunday, it was enacted, that no Person or Persons, should use, employ, or travel on the Lord's Day with

any Boat, Wherry, Lighter, or Barge, except it were upon extraordinary Occasion, to be allowed by some Justice.of the Peace ' of the County, or Head Officer, or some Justice, of the City, ' Borough, or Town Corporate where the Fact should be com-'mitted, upon Pain that every Person so offending should forfeit ' and lose the Sum of Five Shillings for every such Offence: And ' Whereas the Purposes of the said in part recited Acts would be

better effected, if the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen on the River Thames, at and between Windsor aforesaid and Yantlet Creek in. the County of Kent, were incorporated, and ' the several Laws respecting them were consolidated and ' amended; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by die King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, all the several in part recited Acts of the Sixth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, the Second and Third Yean of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, the First Year of the Reign of King James the First, the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Fourth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, the Second, Fourth, and Tenth Yean of the Reign of. King George the Second, and the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, and also so much of the said in part recited Act of . Die Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, as prevents any Person or Persons from using, employing, or travelling on the Lord's Day with any Boat, Wherry, Lighter, or Barge, or imposes any Penalty or Punishment for so doing, shall be and the same respectively are hereby repealed.

H. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Repeal of the said several hereinbefore in part recited Acts shall not revive any Acts of Parliament, or any Part or Parts of any Acts of Parliament, which have been altered or repealed by the said several hereinbefore in part recited Acts respectively, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the several Provisions thereof shall extend and be construed to extend to all Parts of the River Thames, from and opposite to and including the Town of Neto Windsor in the County of Berks, to and opposite to and including Yantlet Creek in the County of Kent, and to all

Docks,

AJ>; 1827. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxv.

Docks, Canals, Creeks, and Harbours of or out of the said River, so far as the Tide flows therein.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August next after the passing of this' Act, the said Company of Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen shall be One Body Corporate, by the Name and Style of " The Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Watermen and Lightermen of the " River Thames" and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and shall and may sue and be sued.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall consist of the Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, whose Names have been registered by the Overseers and Rulers of the said Company, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or some of them, previously to the passing of this Act, and who shall be called Ereemen of the said Company, and of such other Persons as shall be admitted Freemen of the said Company as hereinafter is mentioned.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to purchase or hold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to them, their Successors, and Assigns, not exceeding in the whole the yearly Value of One thousand Pounds at the Time of the Purchase or taking thereof, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, and also to sell all or any of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and from time to time to purchase other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in lieu thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for better managing the Aflairs of the said Company there shall be a Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, consisting of Twenty six Members; and that Francis Theodore Hay, John Drinkald, James Betts, Abraham Sanderson, Anthony Lyon, William Chapman, John Jackson, Robert Thompson, Joseph Turvley, Thomas East, John Banyon, Robert Banyan, William Easton, William Randall, Charles Hay, Daniel Neat, Henry Stanton, Charles James White, Thomas Hill, William Bradley, Thomas Gillet, James John Thompson, John CrackUm, James Watford, John Drew, and Francis Flower, be the First Members of the said Court, and shall continue Members of the said Court during their respective Lives, unless they respectively shall resign, or be removed in manner hereinafter mentioned.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That One of the Members of the said Court shall be and be called the Master of the said Com-

E, and that the said Francis Theodore //ay shall be the First er of the said Company, and shall continue in the said Office until another Master shall have been elected, and approved and sworn in, as hereinafter is mentioned, unless he shall sooner resign or die, or cease to be a Member of the said Court; and that Four other Members of the said Court shall be and be called the Wardens of the said Company, One of whom shall be called the Senior Warden, and the remaining Three shall be called the Junior Wardens, and that the said John Drinkald shall be the First Senior Warden of the said Company, and the said James Betts, Abraham Sanderson, and Anthony Lyon, shall be the First Junior Wardens of the said Company; and the said Four Wardens respectively shall continue in their said respective Offices until other Wardens

shall

558

Company incorporated.

Of whom the Company is to consist.

Power to the Company to purchase and hold Land.

First Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, appointed.

First Master and Wardens appointed.

ss *

C.lxxv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 18*7.

A Quarterly Court to be held.

Extraordinary Courts may be held.

Appointment of Chairman.

Regulatio to Quorum, and voting, Ac. at Courts.

Master and Wardens to be elected yearly by the Court, and to be approved of by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen.

shall have been elected, and approved and sworn in, in their \ respectively, as hereinafter is mentioned, unless they respectively shall sooner resign, or die, or cease to be Members of the said Court.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall meet Four Times m every Year, (that is to say) on the First Tuesday after the Twenty ninth Daw of September, the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of March> and the Twenty fourth Day of June respectively, or on such other Day within Seven Days thereafter as shall be appointed at any prior Meeting; and every such Meeting shall be called a Quarterly Court for the Affairs and Business of the said Company.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court to bold an Extraordinary Meeting whenever any Quarterly or Extraordinary Court, or the major Part of the Members of the said Court for the Time being, shall think proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That at every Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, the Master for the Time being of the said Company shall preside; and if he be unable from Illness or any other Cause to attend, the Senior Warden if present, or in has Absence One of the Junior Wardens, or if none of the Junior Wardens be present, then die senior Member of the Court who shall be present (the Members named in this Act, or in any Election of Two or more Members, being considered to have Seniority according to the Order in which they are or shall be named) shall preside.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Business shall be transacted at any Court unless Thirteen Members be present; and all Business transacted at a Court of Thirteen or more Members shall be as valid in the Absence of the Master and Wardens, nr any of them, as if they were all present; and that all Questions at any Court shall be decided by the Majority in Number of the Votes of the Members present, and every Member shall have One Vote; and if on a Division there shall be an equal Number of Votes on each Side, the said Master, Warden, or other Member presiding at such Court, shall have a Second or casting Vote; and the Proceedings of every Court shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the Master, Warden, or Member who shall preside.

XIII. And be it further enacted, Hiat the Quarterly Court to be holden next after the First Day of June in every Year shall elect One of the Wardens for the Time being of the said Company to be the Master of the said Company for the ensuing Year, and One other of the Wardens or other Members of the said Court to be the Senior Warden of the said Company for the ensuing Year, and Three others of the Wardens or other Members of the said Court to be the Junior Wardens for the ensuing Year; and the Master and Wardens so elected shall be presented to the then next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London; and if the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall not approve of the Warden elected Master, or of the Warden or Member elected Senior Warden, or of the Members elected Junior Wardens as aforesaid, or any of them, the said Court of Master,

Wardens,

A.D. 1827. 7b & 8° GEO. IV. C.lxxv« 555

Warden *, and Assistants shall forthwith erase the Clerk of the said Company to summon an Extraordinary Court, and proceed to elect, in the Place of the Person or Persons who shra not be approved of, another of the Wardens to be Master thereof if the Warden elected shall not be approved of, and another of the Wardens or Members to be Senior Warden, if the Warden or Member elected shall not be approved of and others or another of the Members to be Junior Wardens or Warden, if the Members elected Junior Wardens, or any of them, shall not be approved of, and shall present such Persons or Person elected as last aforesaid to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City which shall be holden after the said last Election, and so on until a Master, a Senior Warden, and Three Junior Wardens, to be elected ha manner aforesaid, shall be approved of by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen; and if none of the Wardens shall be approved of by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, as Master of the said Company, the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company shall elect one other of the Members of the said Court to be the Master of the said Company, who shall in like Manner be presented to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen for their Approbation, and so on until the said Court shall approve of a Master elected as aforesaid; and after such Approval, the Master and Wardens so elected and approved shall, upon being duly sworn in as hereinafter is mentioned, become the Master and Wardens of the said Company, and the former Master and Wardens respectively, if not re-elected, shall go out of Office; and the said Master and Wardens elected and approved as aforesaid shall continue in Office until the Quarterly Court to be holden next after the First Day of June then next following, and from thence until some other Persons shall be duly elected and approved of, and sworn in in their Stead respectively,

Or they respectively resign, or die, or be removed from being Members or the said Court.

XIV. And be k further enacted, That no Master or Warden 0«th to be hereby appointed, or to be elected and approved as aforesaid, ?j|cen b* lbf shall act in the said Office respectively until he shall, before the

said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, have taken the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I elected and approved Master [or Warden, as

the Case may 5c,] of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, do swear, That I will faithfully perform the Duties of the said Office* to the best of my Power.

So help me GOD. '

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any °n Vacancies Master, or any One of the Wardens of the said Company, shall byeath, &c# die or resign his Office, or be removed from being a Member of Wardon^ouicr* the said Court, as hereinafter is mentioned, during the Conr to be elected, tinuance of his respective Office, the said Court of Master, War- subject to the dens, and Assistants shall, as soon as conveniently may be after Appro, such Death, Resignation, or Removal, elect One other of the said h*011* Wardens or Members of the Court of the said Company to be

Master or Warden, as the Case may require, in the Place of the Master or Warden who shall have died, resigned, or been removed;

C.lxxv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 187.

Master, &c. neglecting to attend any Court for One Year without Permission, shall be removed.

Members of the Court may be removed.

For the Election of new Members of the Court,

Oath to be taken by the Members of the Court.

Persons refusing to serve to '

moved; and the Person so elected shall be presented, and when approved of sworn in to the said Office in the Manner hereinbefore directed, and shall continue in such Office during such Time as the Person in whose Place he shall be appointed would, according to the Directions hereinbefore contained, have continued in the said Office.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Warden, or other Member of the Court of the said Company, shall without reasonable Excuse, which shall be satisfactory to the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, neglect for the Space of One Year to attend at any Quarterly or Extraordinary Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, the next Court shall remove him from being a Member of the said Court.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants to remove any of the Members of the said Court for Ill-government, Misbehaviour, or other reasonable Cause.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the Members of the said Court shall die, or resign, or be removed, the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall elect from amongst the Freemen for the Time being of the said Company such Three Persons as to them shall seem meet for supplying such Vacancy; and the Persons so elected, upon having received Notice thereof in Writing, signed by the Clerk of the said Company, left at their respective last or usual Places of Abode Seven Days before the Time of such Presentation, shall be presented to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City of London; and such Court shall select from the Three Persons so presented to them such One as they shall most approve of, who shall thereupon become a Member of the said Court of the said Company, and shall continue in the said Office during his Life, unless he shall resign or be removed therefrom as aforesaid: Provided always, that whenever, in consequence of there being more than One Vacancy in the said Office of a Member of the said Court at the same Time, other Freemen of the said Company (being Three Times the Number required to fill such Vacancies) shall be presented to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and the said Court may select such of the Persons presented to fill the vacant Offices as they shall think proper, and shall not be obliged to select One of the Three elected to supply each Vacancy respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Member of the said Court shall act in the said Office until he shall, before the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, have taken the following Oath; (that is to say,)

4 I do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Office of a Member of the Court of the Company of Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, and during the Time that I shall continue in the said Office to the best of my Abilities assist and counsel the Master and Wardens of the said Company for the Time being in all Matters and Things relating to the Welfare of the said Company. So help me GOD/

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be elected Master, Warden, or Member of the said Court of the

7° & 8° GEO. IV,

C. lxxv,

557

said Company shall neglect or refuse to be presented to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or after he has been presented to and approved of or selected (as the Case may require) by the said Court, shall neglect or refuse to take upon him or execute the said Office, the Person so refusing or neglecting shall forfeit and pay for every such Default the Sum hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) , if he shall have been elected Master, the Sum of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain; if he shall have been elected Warden, the Sum of Fifteen Pounds of like lawful Money; and if he shall have been elected a Member of the said Court, the Sum of Ten Pounds of like lawful Money; and any Sum so forfeited shall and may be recovered by the Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company, by an Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information brought in the Name of the Clerk of the said Company in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person who shall duly serve the said respective Offices, or make such Default upon being elected thereto respectively as aforesaid, shall be liable to be again elected to the same Office respectively at any future Time or Times, and on such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, without reasonable Excuse, satisfactory to the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Comnany, shall be from time to time subject to the same Penalties as often as he respectively shall be elected and make such Default as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Person shall be compelled to serve the Office of Master or Senior Warden of the said Company more than Once, or the Office of Junior Warden of the said Company more than Three Times.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Quarterly Court to be holden in every Year next after the First Day of June shall elect or re-elect a Clerk of the said Company, and any Quarterly or Extraordinary Court of Assistants may remove the said Clerk, and on the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Clerk, a Clerk shall be elected at the then next or some subsequent Court; and Thomas Shelton Gentleman shall be- the First Clerk, and he shall continue in Office until the said Quarterly Court to be holden after the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, or until another Clerk shall be elected and sworn in his Place, unless he shall sooner die, or resign, or be removed; and the said Thomas Shelton, and every Person elected Clerk, shall, before the Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, take the following Oath; (that is to say,)

I do swear, That I will faithfully perform

the Office of Clerk of the Company of Watermen and

Lightermen of the River Thames, to the best of my Power.

So help me GOD. '

And every Clerk shall, previously to his entering into the Execution of his said Office, give Security to the Master and Wardens for the Time being, with Two Sureties, to be approved of by the Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, in the Penalty of

Five.

be subject to a Penalty, and be liable to be elected again.

Proviso as to Masters and Wardens.

Clerk.

Oath to be taken by the Clerk.

C.inr.

r & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 18S7.

Accounts to be kept by the Clerk.

Clerk to sum* mon and attend Courts and be entitled to Fees.

Penalty on Clerk fin* neglecting to register.

Court to appoint In-

ikying m Ac., Beadle and other

Officers.

Court for bind* ing Apprentices and Admission of Freemen.

Five hundred Pounds for the due Execution thereof, and for duly accounting for all Monies to be received by him for the Use of the said Company by virtue of his said Office.

XXII. And be it rarther enacted. That the Accounts of the said Company shall be regularly kept by the said Clerk under Two distinct Heads, and in different Books, the one to be entitled " The Poor's Accounts," and the other to be entitled u The Company's Accounts;" and that the said Accounts shall be audited by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, at their Quarterly Court, which shall be holden next after the First Day of June in every Year, or by a Committee to be by them appointed for that Purpose, consisting of not less than rive Members of the said Court, or offcener. if occasion shall require *

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Clerk shall summon or cause to be summoned every Member of the Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, to attend every Meeting of the said Court, by causing a written or printed Notice to be left at the usual Places of Abode of such Members respectively, and shall attend every Meeting of the said Court, unless prevented by Illness or other reasonable Cause, and shall receive, on the Execution of Indentures of Apprenticeship, and Assignments thereof, and on the Admission of Freemen, such Fees respectively; and also such Salary, as the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall from time to time appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Clerk of the said Company shall refuse or neglect to register the Name and Place of Abode or Work of any Freeman, or Widow of a Freeman, or the Number of any Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, or the Name and Race of Abode of any Person who may keep any Lighter, Barge, or other Boat or Craft, and the Name and Number thereof, or other Matter or Thing required by this Act to be registered by him, on being applied to and required so to do, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, from time to time, and as often as they shall think proper, to name, place, and appoint Rying Places, and Inspectors of Plying Places and Causeways adjoining or near unto the said River Thames, and of Passage and other Boats and Wherries used for the carrying and conveying of Persons on the said River for Hire or Gain, and also Beadles and such other inferior Officers and Servants as shall be convenient, and allow them, or any of them, such Fees to be paid on the Execution of Indentures of Apprenticeship, and the Admission of Freemen of the said Company, and such Salaries or Wages, as they shall think proper; and may remove the said Inspectors, Beadles, Officers, and Servants, or any of them, from time to time, as they shall think fit: Provided always, that the Plying Races at Gravesend and Mibon next Gravesend shall be named and appointed by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, with the Consent of the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Council of Gravesend.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That at the Court to be holden next after the First Day of June in every Year, Five of the Members of the said Court, not being the Master or Wardens

(Preference

7° & 8° GEO. I V.

C.lx*v.

5=59

(Preference being given to such of them (if an; ) as shall have served the Office of Master) , shall be appointed, who, together with the Master and Wardens for the Time being of the said Company, and such other of the Assistants as shall think proper from time to time to attend, shall be a Court for the Admission of Freemen of the said Company, and the Execution of Indentures of Apprenticeship, and Assignment of Apprentices; and such Court shall meet from time to time during the Year for which they shall be appointed, when they shall think proper, but no Business shall be transacted at any such Meeting unless Five Persons be present, and it shall not be necessary for the Master or any of the Wardens to form Part of such Five Persons; and the same Person shall preside, and all Questions shall be determined at the said Court in the same Manner, as is hereinbefore provided with re* spect to the Meetings of the Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company; and that no Indenture of Apprenticeship, or the Assignment of any Apprentice from one Master to another, or the Admission of any Person to be a Freeman of the said Company, shall be executed or made, except at a Meeting of the said Court; and the said Court shall admit to be Freemen of the said Company such Persons as shall have duly served their Apprenticeships either before or after the passing of this Act, or partly before and partly after the passing of this Act, to Watermen or Lightermen, or Widows now or hereafter authorized to take such Apprentices, and no other Persons; and such Persons, when admitted by the said Court and sworn as. hereinafter is mentioned, shall become Freemen of the said Compaq.

XXVII. And be it further, enacted, That no Person admitted Freeman's by the said last-mentioned Court shall be entitled to exercise any Oath.

of* the Rights or Privileges of a Freeman of the said Company until he shall before the same Court have taken the following Oath; (that is to say),

4 T Swear, That I will be true to our Sovereign Lord the King,

4 His Heirs and Successors, and will be obedient to the Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Company of Wstermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, and observe and keep all the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions made and to be made by the said Court, or pay such Penalties as I shall be adjudged to pay by virtue thereof. 4 So help me GOD. *

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be per|od of Ap-admitted a Freeman of the said Company unless he shall have prenticeship. rowed and worked on the said River as the Apprentice of some

Freeman of the said Company, or of the Widow of some Freeman, widowa may for the full Space of Seven Years (except as hereinafter is men* take Appren-tioned); and it shall be lawful for the Widow of any Freeman to dce&. bind, take, and employ Apprentices, in the same Manner as her Husband might have done if living.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Freeman of the said Regulation aa Company, or the Widow of any Freeman, shall at the same Time to the Number have more than Two Apprentices, or take a Second Apprentice Apprentices, until the First shall have served Four Years at the least of hi* Apprenticeship, unless such Freeman or Widow shall be the Owner

of

560

C. lxxv.

A.D. 18S7 *

Ko Freeman or Widow to take any Apprentice under Fourteen or above Eighteen Tears of Age.

Penalty for forging or producing false Certificate of Baptism.

None hut Freemen or Widows whose Names and Places of Abode or Working are registered in the Books of the Company to take Apprentices.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

of Twelve Barges, lighters, or flat-bottomed Craft; and every Freeman or Widow, being the Owner of such Barges, Lighters, or flat-bottomed Craft, may have Three'Apprentices -atone Tune, and being the Owner of Twenty Barges, Lighters, or flat-bottomed Craft, may have Four Apprentices, and no more; and if any Freeman or Widow shall take or employ a greater Number of Apprentices than hereinbefore are mentioned, he or she shall for every additional Apprentice forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the said Court for the binding of Apprentices may require Proof on Oath that the Freeman or Widow is bona fide the real Owner of the Number of Lighters, Barges, or flat-bottomed Craft, in respect of which any additional Apprentice is proposed to be taken, before the binding of such Apprentice respectively.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That after the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Freeman of the said Company, or Widow of a Freeman, to bind or take any Person as an Apprentice who shall be under the Age of Fourteen Years, or above the Age of Eighteen Years; and no Indentures of Apprenticeship shall be executed unless it appear by Certificate, signed by the Minister or Churchwardens for the Time being of the Parish or Place where the Person to be bound was or shall be born or baptized, or by the Oath (or Affirmation, if of the People called Quakers,) of a credible Witness, that such Person is of the Age of Fourteen Years, and under the Age of Eighteen Years.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall falsely forge or counterfeit, or knowingly or willingly produce any false or forged Certificate, or make any false Oath or Affirmation, of or concerning the Age of any Person to be bound Apprentice as aforesaid, he or they shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and the Indentures of Apprenticeship of such Apprentice shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That after the First Day of Attgust next after the passing of this Act, no Freeman of the said Company, or Widow of a Freeman, shall bind or employ any Apprentice or Apprentices, unless he or she shall be a Housekeeper, or have some known Place of Abode or of Work; and every Freeman or Widow of a Freeman shall on the First Day of September in every Year, or within Ten Days afterwards, give Notice to the Clerk of the said Company lor the Time being of his or her Place of Abode or Work, in order that the same may be registered; and such Freeman or Widow shall lodge such Apprentice or Apprentices in the House in which he or she shall reside; and upon any Application made to the Clerk of the Said Company to register the Place of Abode or Work of every Freeman or Widow as aforesaid, the same shall be registered in a Book or Books of the said Company to be kept for that Purpose, without Fee or Reward; and if any such Freeman or Widow, who shall bind or employ any Apprentice or Apprentices, shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice of his or her Place of Abode or Work as aforesaid, or shall not lodge his or her Apprentice in the same House, he or she shall for every such Offence forfeit

and

A.D. 1827.

7°& 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxv.

561

and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the Apprentice or Apprentices of such Person shall and may, upon Application made to the Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company, at any of their Meetings, be by them turned over to any other Master or Mistress, any Indenture, Covenant, Contract, or Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent any Freeman, or the Widow of any Freeman, being the Owner or Master of any Gravesend Boat, decked Sailing Barge, or other decked Craft or Vessel, from lodging his or her Apprentice or Apprentices on board of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, or to prevent any Freeman, or the Widow of any Freeman, being the Owner, and possessed of Twelve Barges, Lighters, or flat-bottomed Craft, or upwards, from lodging his or her Apprentice or Apprentices in the same House or Vessel with his or her Foreman.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Apprentice who shall hereafter be bound contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act shall obtain or be admitted to the Freedom of the said Company by reason of such Apprenticeship.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Person duly bound Apprentice to any Freeman of the said Company, or the Widow of any Freeman, shall serve and be compellable to serve the whole of his Apprenticeship, notwithstanding he may previously have attained the Age of Twenty one Years; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That after the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Apprentice or Apprentices to have or take the sole Care of any Boat or other Vessel, unless such Apprentice, or One of such Apprentices, shall have worked and rowed upon the said River as an Apprentice for the Space of Two Years at the least; and the Master or Mistress of every such Apprentice, not having rowed and worked as aforesaid, who shall have or take such Care of any such Boat or other Vessel, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, not being a Freeman of the said Company, or an Apprentice to a Freemen or to the Widow of a Freeman of the said Company, (except as hereinafter is mentioned,) shall at any Time act as a Waterman or Lighterman, or ply, or work or navigate, or cause to be worked or navigated, any Wherry, Lighter, or other Craft, upon the said River, from or to any Place or Places, or Ship or Vessel, within the Limits of this Act, for Hire or Gain, (except as hereinafter is mentioned,) every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall grant a Licence to any Freeman of the said Company, or the Widow of any Freeman, to use and work for Hire any Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, for carrying Persons or Passengers on the said River Thames, within the Limits of this Act, on a Certificate being produced to them, verified by the Oath of the Builder or Builders, or Owner or Owners of such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, of the Burthen,

7 & 8 Geo. IV. O o Size,

Proviso as to the lodging of Apprentices.

Apprentices bound contrary to this Act.

Apprentices to be compelled to serve although of Age.

No Apprentice to have the sole Care of any Boat unless he shall have served Two Years.

None but Freemen of the Company (except as after mentioned) to row or work any Boats or Craft for Hire.

No Boat to be used for carrying Passengers without a Licence, expressing the Number of Persons it may be allowed to carry.

sea

C.lxxv.

7° at 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Number and Name of Owner to be painted thereon.

Penalty for taking more than the Number allowed.

Size, and Dimensions thereof, according to the Bye Laws or Re* gulations to be made from time to time for that Purpose; in which Licence shall be expressed the Number, of Persons or Passengers such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel respectively shall be permitted to take and carry; and for every such Licence One Shilling and no more shall be paid; and such Licence shall contain a Number for such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, which shall be registered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Company; and the Owner or Owners of such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel shall cause such Number, together with his, her, or their own Name or Names, to be painted and kept legible in such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, in such Manner as in any Bye Laws or Regulations to be made by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, shall from time to time be directed; and no Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel belonging to any Freeman of the said Company, or the Widow of any Freeman, shall at any Time hereafter be allowed to ply for Hire at any public Stairs or Plying Places for the carrying of Persons or Passengers for Hire within the Limits of this Act, without such Licence as aforesaid; and if any Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel shall be used or worked without such Licence for the same having been first obtained as aforesaid, or without such Name or Names and Number painted or legible thereon as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners thereof shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and if a greater Number of Persons or Passengers than shall be expressed in the Licence shall be taken or carried in any such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence, for every Person or Passenger exceeding such Number, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and every Person or Persons who shall offend in the Premises a Second Time, and be thereof convicted, shall be disfranchised, and shall not be allowed to work, row, or navigate any Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, or to enjoy any of the Privileges of a Freeman of the said Company, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months; and in case any greater Number of Persons or Passengers shall be taken and carried in any such Wherry* JJoat, or other Vessel, than are respectively allowed to be carried therein as aforesaid, and any One or more of them shall by reason thereof be drowned, every Person or Persons who shall work or navigate such Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, offending therein, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of Misdeameanor, and shall be liable to such Punishment as in Cases of Misdemeanor, at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Offender shall be tried and convicted; and every such Person so convicted shall also be disfranchised, and not allowed at any Time thereafter to work, row, or navigate any Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, or to enjoy any of the Privileges of a Freeman of the said Company: Provided always, that no Licence shall be granted by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants to any Freeman of the said Company, or the Widow of any Freeman, residing at Gravesend or at MiUon next Gravesend, to use and work for Hire any Wherry or Boat for car-

\ tying

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

C.lxxv.

56S

rying more than Ten Persons or Passengers, unless he or she shall produce a Licence from the Mayor, Jurats, and Common Council of Gravesend, together with a Certificate of his or her being a fit and proper Person for that Purpose.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, upon the Reauest in Writing, addressed to the Clerk of the said Company, and left at the Hall of the Company, or the Office of such Clerk, of every Person or Persons who now keep or shall hereafter keep on the said River, within the Limits of this Act, any Lighter, Barge, or other Boat or Craft used or to be used for the carrying of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, without Passengers, from or to any Place or Places, Ships or other Vessels, (except as hereinafter is mentioned) , shall cause the Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, and also the Name or Names by which any such Lighter, Barge, Boat, or other Craft for carrying Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, shall be called or designed to be called, to be duly registered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Company for that Purpose, to whom every such Person or Persons shall pay, for the Use of the said Company* One Shilling for each Lighter, Barge, or other Boat or Craft, for every such Registry, and shall also cause a Number for such Lighter, Barge, or other Boat or Craft respectively, to be forthwith delivered by the said Clerk to such Owner or Owners, who shall cause the same, together with the Name or Names of the said Lighters, Barges, and other Boats and Craft, to be painted White on a Black Ground, in Capital Letters and Figures, the Figures to be not less than Six Inches long, and broad in proportion, and the Letters not less than Four Inches long, and broad in proportion, such Figures and Letters to be painted on the Hudds Boards of Barges, and on the Bows of Lighters and other Crafty and to be preserved and kept legible, so as to be plainly seen in the Day-time by Persons passing on the said River; and no Person or Persons shall have Two Lighters, Barges, or other Boats or Craft of the same Name; and if any such Lighter, Barge, or other Craft shall be worked or navigated without being registered, or without the Number and Names being painted and legible as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That every Person not residing within the Limits of this Act, who now keeps or shall hereafter keep any Lighter, Barge, or other Boat, Craft, or Vessel, used or to be used for the carrying of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which may be navigated on the said River within the Limits of this Act, shall cause his or her Name and Place of Abode, and also the Name or Names by which any such Lighter, Barge, or other Boat, Craft, or Vessel shall be called or designed to be called; to be paihted White on a Black Ground, in Capital Letters and Figures, the Figures not to be less than Six Inches long, and broad in proportion, and the Letters not less than Four Inches long, and broad in proportion, such Figures and Letters to be painted on' the Hudas Boards or Sterns of such Lighters, Barges, Boats, Craft, and Vessels, and to be preserved and kept legible

The. Names of Persons keeping Boats, &c. for carrying Goods, without Pastengen, (except as after mentioned) , and also the Names of such Boats, to be registered in the Books of the Company.

The Names and Numbers of such Boats to be painted thereon.

Names of Owners residing out of the Limits of the Act to be painted on their Lighters, &c. navigated within the Limits.

C. lxxv.

7°& 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1817.

56 *

Boats let for Hire to be registered and numbered.

Court may appoint Sunday Ferries between Chelsea and Bow Creek;

so as to be plainly seen in the Day-time by Persons passing on the said River; and no Person shall have Two Lighten, Barges, Boats, Craft, or Vessels of the same Name; and if any such Lighter, Barge, Boat, Craft, or Vessel shall be worked or navigated within the Limits of this Act without the Name and Place of Abode being painted and legible as aforesaid, the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall, upon the Request in Writing addressed to the Clerk of the said Company, and left at the Hall of the Company or the Office of such Clerk, of every Person or Persons who now keep or shall hereafter keep on the said River, within the Limits of this Act, any Wherry or other Boat to be let out for Hire or Gain, cause the Name or Names and Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons to be duly registered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Company for that Purpose, to whom every such Person shall pay, for the Use of the said Company, Two Shillings and Sixpence for each Wherry or Boat for every such Registry, and also cause a Number for each Wherry or Boat to be forthwith delivered by the said Clerk to such Person or Persons; and such Number shall be painted in Capital Figures, to be not less than Two Inches long, and broad in proportion, in such Wherry or other Boat, and be preserved and kept legible so as to be plainly seen in the Day-time by Persons passing on the said River; and if any such Person or Persons shall neglect to cause such Wherry or Boat to be registered, or such Number to be painted or preserved legible, they, he, or she shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall appoint any Number of Watermen in their Discretion to ply and work on the said River Thames on every Sunday at and between Chelsea and Born Creek, (but so as not to interfere with or prejudice any established private Ferry,) at such common Stairs or Places of plying on either Side of the said River as to the said Court shall seem convenient; and the Fare to be taken shall be Two Pence for each Person carried across the River; and every Waterman appointed as aforesaid shall on the Monday Morning, or such other Day as the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall appoint for that Purpose respectively, pay unto the Clerk of the said Company, or such other Person as the said Court shall from time to time direct, all such Sums of Money as by them respectively shall be received for conveying Passengers on Sunday as aforesaid; and the said Court shall pay or cause to be paid to each Waterman by them appointed as aforesaid, such a Sum or Sums for his Day's Labour as they shall have agreed to pay for the same; and the Surplus shall from time to time be applied to the Use of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen and Lightermen of the said Company, and their Widows, at the Discretion of the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants; and if any Person appointed to work as aforesaid, shall neglect to pay over on the Monday, or such other Day as aforesaid, the full Sum of Money

received

A.D. 1827.

7* & 8 GEO. IV. C. lxxv.

565

received by him on the Sunday then last past, he shall for every Omission or short Payment forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants to let to farm to any Freeman or Freemen the said Plying and Working on Sundays, at any common Stairs or Places of plying, for carrying and recarrying of Passengers across the said River, for such Time as they shall think proper, provided they give or cause to be given Fourteen Days previous Notice thereof, by ordering a printed Paper, expressing their Intention to let the same, to be affixed in some conspicuous Place at or near such respective common Stairs or Places of plying, and let the same accordingly to the highest Bidder or Bidders, who shall give Security to their Satisfaction for Payment of the Rent or Sum or Sums of Money bid by him or them for such Plying and Working; and that if any Freeman whom the said Court shall appoint to ply and work as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons who shall take such Plying or Working to farm, or any Person or Persons employed by or under him, shall demand or take from any Person or Persons whom he or they shall ply to or carry across the said River, any greater Sum of Money than Two Pence for each Person, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons to be appointed to ply and work, or taking such Plying and Working to farm as aforesaid, shall employ, or wilfully permit or suffer any other Person or Persons to be employed in plying or working as aforesaid, until such last-mentioned Person or Persons, and the Boat or Boats to be used by him or them, shall have been approved of for that Purpose by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to appoint any Sunday Ferries, or grant any Licences to any Watermen or others to ply on the River Thames on a Sunday, from or at the Stairs on either Side of the Bridge at Vauxhall, or at any Stairs or other Place within Two hundred Yards of any Part of the said Bridge, so as to interfere with, prejudice, or affect the Tolls authorized to be taken for crossing the same.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Freeman of the said Company, nor any Apprentice to a Freeman, or to the Widow of a Freeman of the said Company, except such as shall be appointed as aforesaid, shall ply for, or take or carry on a Sunday, at or from any common Stairs or Place of plying on either Side of the said River at and below London Bridge, at which the said Court shall appoint Watermen to ply and work as aforesaid, any Fare or Passenger across the said River, or to either of the Two common Stairs or Places of plying on the opposite Side of the said River next above or next below the Stairs or Place at which such Freeman or Apprentice shall ply, nor to any Place or Places to which the Fares and Passengers taken at such several and respective

and may let the same to farm.

Persons farming the same to employ no Person who has not been approved of by the Court.

Sunday Ferries not to be appointed within 200 Yards of Vauxhall Bridge.

Watermen not toplyorworkon Sunday, below London Bridge, at the Plying Places next above and below any Sunday Ferry.

566

Justices at Gravesend to license Watermen to work on Sundays.

Application of Fares received at Gravesend on Sundays.

Permission may be granted to other Watermen to work on Sundays for Persons requesting.

Penalty on other Watermen working at Gravesend on Sunday.

Court to set up Bells at Bil-

C. lxxv. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D» 1827-

common Stairs and Races of plying are usually conveyed by the Watermen appointed or to be appointed by the said Court to ply and work at, nor to any Ship, Vessel, or Craft lying or being on the said River within the Distance of such Two other Stairs or Places of plying, on pain of forfeiting and paying for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Corporation, Villages, and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, or either of them, to

frant Licences, at their or his Discretion, to any Number of the reemen of the said Company residing at Gravesend, or any of the Apprentices of such Freemen, or the Widows of such Freemen, residing at Gravesend ', to carry Goods and Passengers for Hire at and from Gravesend on Sundays; and such Licence shall continue in force for the Time that shall be therein expressed: Provided nevertheless, that the said Justices, or either of them, shall have Power and Authority from time to time to recall such Licences before the Expiration of the Time therein respectively to be expressed for the Continuance of the same.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Fares or Skims of Money to be taken on Sundays by Freemen and Apprentices licensed to work at Gravesend as aforesaid shall be paid by them to such Persons as the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company shall from time to time appoint for. that Purpose; and out of the said Monies such Sum as the said Court shall from time to time think proper and fix, shall be paid to every such Freeman and Apprentice for his Day's Labour, and the Surplus thereof shall be distributed Twice in every Year to or for the Benefit of the Freemen of the said Company residing at Gravesend, and the Widows of Freemen residing at the same Place, under such Regulations and in such Manner as the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants in and by any Rules or Bye Laws to be made by them, and altered or allowed as hereinafter is mentioned, shall direct.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall request the said Justices acting in and for the Corporation, Villages, and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, or either of them, to grant Permission to any Freeman of the said Company, or any Apprentice not licensed as aforesaid, to work for him, her, or them on a Sunday, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, or either of them, by Writing under his Hand, to grant such Permission to such Freeman or Apprentice to work for the Person or Persons making such Request, and such Freeman or Apprentice shall and may retain the Fares or Sums of Money to be received by him in respect thereof for his own Benefit, or the Benefit of his Master or Mistress.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Freeman of the said Company, or any Apprentice, (without having such Licence or Permission as aforesaid from the said last-mentioned Justices, or either of them) shall ply or work at Gravesend on any Sunday, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall maintain or erect and set up, or

cause

A.D. 182?. 7° & 8° GEO; IV. C.lxxv.

cause to be maintained or erected and set up, proper. Bells, the one at Billingsgate in the City of London, and the other on such Part of the Town Quay of Gravesend as the Mayor, Jurats, add Common Council of Gravesend may appoint, and which they are hereby required to do, for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and snail cause the said Bells at all Times hereafter to be kept in good and sufficient Repair and Order; and shall appoint proper Officers to ring the said Bell at Billingsgate at every Time of High Water at London Bridge, and to ring the said Bell at Gravesend at every Time of the First of Flood there; and if the said Court shall neglect to provide or maintain such Bells, or to appoint such Officers, they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, the whole whereof shall go to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the Officers appointed as aforesaid for such Places respectively shall give their constant Attendance, as well by Night as by Day, at Billingsgate and Gravesend respectively, at every Time of High Water at London Bridge, and at Gravesend at every Time of the First of Flood there; and such Officer or Officers shall, as nearly as possible, at every such Time respectively, at each of the said Places respectively, ring the Bell to be provided for that Purpose as aforesaid, and shall continue ringing the same for Fifteen Minutes, to give Notice to the respective Owners, Masters, or Managers of Bbats and Wherries, who design to pass between London and Gravesend by that Tide, to put off and set forward; and every Officer who shall neglect to ring die said Bells respectively at the Time aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if after the ringing of such Bell as aforesaid at Billingsgate or Gravesendy any such Boat designing to go by that Tide from one to the other of the said Places shall not immediately depart, and effectually proceed, without lying by in the River, or nutting again on Shore within Two Miles of the said respective Places of Billingsgate or Gravesendf, as the Case may be, for the taking in any Goods, Passenger or Passengers, or if any such Boat shall not be provided with Two sufficient Men besides Apprentices during the whole of the said Voyage, then and in every such Case the Owner, Master, or Manager of any such Boat shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Waterman navigating, working, or rowing in or belonging to any Vessel or Boat navigated, worked, or rowed between London and Gravesendy shall wilfully or negligently lose the Tide, by putting on Shore for the taking in of any other Passenger or Passengers or Goods, or by loitering on the Voyage or by the WTay, or if the Passengers, or any of them* of any such Vessel or Boat, shall be put out or landed short of the Place to which such Vessel or Boat shall have been

m

lingsgate and Gravesend, to give Notice of the Tide, and to appoint Officers to ring the same.

Officers to ring such Bells at London and Gravesend at the Times appointed.

Penalty if Boats do not go on the ringing of the Bell.

Watermen

losing their Tide to be subject to e Penalty, and not entitled to their Fare.

568

C. lxxv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

The Court empowered to regulate the Affaire of the Company.

Court may make Bye Laws.

Court of Aldermen empowered to make Bye Laws, and alter Bye Laws made by the Court of the Company.

bound, (Sailing Vessels detained by want of Wind only excepted,) then and in every such Case such Passengers or Passenger are hereby discharged from paying their or his respective Passage Money, and the Waterman so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings, and shall also be liable to be sued or prosecuted at Law by the Party injured, in such Manner as if no Penalty had been indicted by this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall have full Power to superintend, regulate, and controul all the Affairs and Concerns of the said Company, and to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and they are hereby empowered from time to time to make and set down in Writing such Rules or Bye Laws as they shall think proper for the good Government of the said Company, and for determining the Fees which shall be taken on the binding of Apprentices, and the Assignment of them, and the Admission of Members, and on other Occasions, for the better Maintenance of the Company, and the Quarterage or other Sums to be paid by the Freemen, and for regulating the Freemen of the said Company, and their Widows and Apprentices, and the Boats or other Craft to be worked or rowed by them within the Limits of this Act, and to annex reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Rules or Bye Laws respectively, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, provided the same Rules or Bye Laws be not inconsistent with any of the Laws of this Kingdom, or the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or any of them, or any Rules or Bye Laws to be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen by virtue of this Act, or any of them; and also from time to time to alter, amend, repeal, or make void such Rules or Bye Laws, or any of them, as to the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, in their Discretion shall seem meet, so as after the making, altering, amending, or repealing thereof respectively, the Rules or Bye Laws to be made by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and every such Alteration, Amendment, and Repeal, be approved or altered, from time to time, by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and also after every such Approval be allowed as hereinafter is mentioned.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and they are hereby empowered from time to time to make and set down in Writing such Rules and Bye Laws as they shall think proper, for the Government and Regulation of the Freemen of the said Company, and their Widows and Apprentices, and the Boats, Vessels, and other Craft to be rowed or worked within the Limits of this Act, and to annex reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach of such Rules and Bye Laws respectively, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence, provided the same Rules or Bye Laws be not inconsistent with any of the Laws of this Kingdom, or the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or any of

them;

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxv.

569

them; and also from time to time to alter, amend, repeal, or make void such Rules and Bye Laws, or any of them, or any Rules or Bye Laws which shall have been made at any Time or Times by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and approved and allowed as hereinbefore and hereinafter is mentioned, so as after the making, altering, amending, or repealing thereof respectively, the said Rules and Bye Laws to be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and every such Alteration, Amendment, and Repeal of any such Rules or Bye Laws, or of any Rules or Bye Laws to be made, altered, or amended by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and approved, altered, or repealed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, be allowed as hereinafter is mentioned.

LV1IL And be it further enacted, That no Rules or Bye Laws made by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and approved or altered by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, nor any Rules or Bye Laws made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, by virtue of this Act, nor any Alteration, Amendment, or Repeal thereof, shall be valid, unless the same respectively shall nave been allowed by His Majesty's Justices of His Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or any One or more of the said Justices or Barons; and they or any One or more of them are and is hereby required, on any Request to be made for that Purpose from time to time to them or any One or more of them, by or on behalf of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine, without any Fee or Reward, such Rules and Bye Laws as shall be made, altered, amended, or repealed by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, and approved of by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and such Rules and Bye Laws as shall be made, altered, amended, or repealed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act, and to allow of or refuse to allow the same, as they or any One or more of them shall from time to time think fit.

LIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Rules or Bye Laws shall be made or altered by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen as aforesaid, a Copy of such intended Rules and Bye Laws, or Alterations, shall be sent to and left with the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company, for the Perusal of the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, at least Thirty Days before the same shall be allowed by the Justices and Barons aforesaid, or any One or more of them as aforesaid, in order that the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants may submit to the Consideration of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen their Objections (if any) to such intended Rules and Bye Laws, or Alterations; and in case the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall not be satisfied with the Determination of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, in consequence of any such Objections respectively, then the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants may submit such Objections to the Consideration of the said Justices or Barons, or any One or more of them, who shall have been requested as aforesaid to peruse and examine the same, before such intended Rules, Bye Laws, or Alterations shall be allowed as aforesaid.

Bye Laws to bm allowed by One or more of the Judges.

Court of Aldermen to scud Copy of intended Bye Laws and Alterations to Watermen's Company SO Days before allowed by the Judges, that the Company may submit their Objections, &c.

570

I

C. lxxv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 18S7.

Bye Laws of

the Court of the Company, and also of the Court of Aldermen, to be made public.

Court of Aldermen to fix Fares for Watermen.

List of Fares to be allowed by Privy Council.

Penalty on demanding more than the Fare.

List of Fares to be advertised and made public.

' List of Fares to be put up at certain Plying Places between

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Rales and Bye Laws to be from time to time made, altered, or amended, by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, in pursuance of this Act, and also all Rules and Bye Laws to be from time to time made, altered, or amended by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, in pursuance of this Act, within Thirty Days after the same respectively shall have been allowed and approved of by the said Justices and Barons, or any One or more of them, as hereinbefore is mentioned, shall be printed and sent to the several Public Offices established by Authority of Parliament for the Administration of Justice in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, to the Town Clerk of Gravesend and Milton, and also to the several Clerks of the Peace of the said Counties and Places adjoining to the River Thames, to be published in such Manner as the Court of Quarter Sessions in those Counties shall direct, and also be made public in such other Manner as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think proper, and from time to time order and direct.

LXL And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and they are hereby empowered from time to time, at their Discretion, to limit and fix the Price or Fare that every Freeman of the said Company, or Apprentice of a Freeman, or of a Widow of a Freeman of the said Company, shall take or be entitled to for his Labour in conveying any Person or Persons, in a Wherry or other Boat, from Place to Place on the said River within the Limits of this Act, and also from time to time to alter such Prices or Fares, or any of them; and shall lay or cause a List of such Prices or Fares to be laid before His Majesty's Privy Council, to be seen and examined by some of the said Privy Council, who shall allow or refuse to allow of the same, as they shall think proper, and such Allowance shall be signified under the Hands of Three of the said Privy Council at the least; and no Fares or Prices, or any Alteration therein, shall be valid, until the same shall have been allowed as aforesaid.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That every Freeman of the said Company, and every Apprentice of a Freeman, or of the Widow of a Freeman, who shall demand and take for his or their Labour or Fare, within the Limits of this Act, more than the said Prices or Sums to be limited and fixed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and allowed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall cause a List of the Fares or Prices to be from time to time limited or fixed as aforesaid, within Thirty Days next after the same, or any Alteration therein, shall have been allowed by Three or more of the Privy Council as aforesaid, to be advertised in the London Gazette and Two London Newspapers, and also to be printed and sent to the several Public Offices established by Authority of Parliament for the Administration of Justice in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall cause a List of such of the Fares and Prices, to be from time to time limited or fixed, and

A.D. 1827. 7°& 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxv. 571

advertised as aforesaid, as they shall think proper, to be painted Chelsea Bridge on Boards in legible characters, of such Height and Size, and set and Greenwich, up or affixed at or near such of the Plying Places within the Limits "d aUo Half of this Act, in such Situations and in such Manner as the said weatwiild Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from time to time direct; pfchdboa and shall also cause Posts or Piles to be placed or driven in or near Bridge and the Banks or Sides of the said River Thames, between Chelsea eastward of Bridge and Tedding on Lock, and between Greenvsich Hospital Greenwich* Stairs and Woolwich, and at such other Places, within the Limits of this Act as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from time to time direct, at the Distance of Half a Mile from each other, with Letters and Figures thereon denoting the Distance of every such Post or Pile from Chelsea Bridge or Greenwich Hospital Stairs respectively, such Letters and Figures to be not less than Four Inches long, and broad in proportion, and to be made of Cast Iron, raised on an Iron Plate, or in such other Manner, and to be erected in such' Situations, as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall from time to time direct; and the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, shall from time to time repair and renew such Boards and Posts or Piles, and keep and continue legible the List of Fares, and Letters and Figures thereon respectively; and if the said Court shall neglect to set up or affix such Board at any Plying Place at which the same shall be directed to be set up or affixed, or to place or drive any such Post or Pile as aforesaid, or shall not, within Fourteen Days after . Notice in Writing from any Person or Persons, directed to the said Court, shall be left with the Clerk of the said Company, or at Waterman's Hall, that any such Board, Post, or Pile has been destroyed or removed, or the List, Letters, or Figures, or any such Board, Post, or Pile, has been defaced or become illegible, renew or repair, or render the sanpe legible, (as the Case may require,) the said Court for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty five Pounds, the Whole whereof shall go to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, cut down, pull up, or damage any such Board, Post, or Pile, or obliterate, deface, spoil, or destroy all or any or any Part of the List, Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be painted or affixed thereon, he or they, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and be liable to such Punishment as m Cases of Misdemeanors, at the Discretion of the Court before whom such Offender shall be tried and convicted; and on the Conviction of every such Offender the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall pay a Sum of Twenty Pounds as a Reward to the Person or Persons who shall inform of such Offence, and also pay all the Costs in or relating to the Prosecution of such Offender or Offenders; and any Penalty hereby inflicted on the said Court for not setting up, affixing, or placing, or renewing any such Board, Post, or Pile as aforesaid, or repairing or rendering legible any List, Letters or Figures thereon respectively, as aforesaid, and any Reward and Costs payable by the said Court, may respectively be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, against the said Master, Wardens, and Commonalty, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

with

572

C. lxxv.

7°& 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Ex peaces of Boards and Posts to be defrayed by a Quarterage.

Watermen to carry a List of Fares and Bye Laws.

Penalty on Watermen avoiding or refusing to take a Fare;

with full Costs of Suit, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That for providing a Fund to defray the Expences of erecting and maintaining the said Boards with the Fares painted thereon, and the Posts and Piles denoting Distances, and the Payment of Rewards and Costs on the Conviction of Offenders, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants to fix and appoint, from time to time, a Quarterage or Sum of Money, not exceeding in Amount the Sum of Four Shillings in any Year, to be paid by every Freeman of the said Company at Waterman's Hall, at the same Time as any Quarterage for the Maintenance of the said Company shall be payable; and if any Freeman of the said Company shall neglect or refuse to pay such Quarterage or Sum of Money for the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for Payment thereof, such Freeman shall be disfranchised, and shall not be allowed to work, row, or navigate any Wherry, Boat, or other Vessel, or to enjoy any of the Privileges of a Freeman of the said Company, until he shall have paid all Arrears - thereof.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants shall cause a List of the Fares limited or fixed and allowed from time to time as aforesaid, together with such (if any) of the Provisions contained in this Act, and of the Bye Laws for the Time being made or altered by the said Court, and by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or either of them, relating to the Conduct of the Watermen when plying for Hire, as the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen shall think proper, to be printed on a Card, or otherwise, as the same Court shall think fit and direct, and shall cause a Copy thereof to be given gratis to every Freeman of the said Company, upon Payment of his Quarterage, and shall furnish Copies thereof to every such Freeman upon Payment of the Sum of One Shilling for a Dozen Copies, and so in proportion for a less Number; and every Freeman or Apprentice shall have a Copy thereof in his Boat; and if any Freeman or Apprentice shall not be able, or shall refuse to produce the same to any Person by whom a Fare shall be payable, or shall produce a false Copy thereof, or shall not permit such Person to examine the same, then and in any such Case every such Person or Passenger is hereby discharged from paying his or her respective Fare or Passage Money; and the Freeman or Apprentice so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Freeman of the said Company, or any Apprentice, who is or shall be at any Stairs or Plying Place within the Limits of this Act, shall wilfully avoid or attempt to avoid any Fare, or Passenger or Passengers coming to or being at such Stairs or Plying Place for the Purpose of taking a Boat or Wherry, or shall omit or neglect to ply, or refuse or omit to take such Fare or Passenger or Passengers inquiring for or desirous of taking such Boat or Wherry, or shall say or represent that he is hired or engaged, when he is not so hired or engaged, or shall not answer when called by the Number or Numbers of his or their Boat or Wherry j then and in any

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxv.

573

such Case every such Freeman or Apprentice so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Freeman of or having plied the said Company, or any Apprentice, shall ply any Fare, or Pas- Fare» sk*11 senger or Passengers, and afterwards refuse to take such Fare, or J^u^elay Passenger or Passengers, to such Place or Places as he, she, or 115

they shall direct, or shall unnecessarily delay any Fare, or Passenger or Passengers, by not bringing up his Boat or Wherry for the Fare, or Passenger or Passengers, to get into the same, or shall continue at the Stairs or Causeway after such Fare, or Passenger or Passengers, is or are in his Boat or Wherry, or shall not proceed with due Diligence and Exertion, and without wilful Let or Hinderance, to such Place or Places as the said Fare, or Passenger or Passengers, shall lawfully direct; then and in every such Case every such Freeman or Apprentice so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Freeman of the Penalty on said Company, or any Apprentice, or any other Person whom- Watermen pre-soever, shall refuse to permit or suffer any Person or Persons to renting Persons read, or shall in anywise hinder any Person or Persons from read-

ing the Name and Number painted on any Wherry, Boat, or or

Vessel as aforesaid, or if any such Freeman or Apprentice shall refusing to state refuse to tell his Christian or Surname, or the Number of his their Names, or Boat, to any Person or Persons who shall demand the same, on u«ng abusive being paid any Fare or Price, or shall in answer to such Demand Language, give a false Name or Names, or Number, or shall make use of any scurrilous or abusive Language to any Passenger or Person; then and in every such Case every such Freeman or Apprentice, and other Person so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Saving the in this Act contained shall extend to abridge or alter any of the Powers of the Powers or Authorities vested in the Master, Wardens, and Assist- ?c '

ants of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, in and by an Act House, "// of Parliament made and passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign licensing of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act concerning Sea Marks and Mariners. Mariners; nor shall any Mariner or Mariners licensed or to be licensed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House to row or use any Boat or Wherry on the said River Thames, or any of the Men employed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House, in rowing or using any Ballast Lighters or Boats on the said River, be subject, by reason of any Matter, Clause, or Thing herein contained, to the Rules, Orders, or Government of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company, or to any Penalty imposed by this Act, except as hereinafter is mentioned.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Corporation of said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House of the Trinity Deptford Strond shall have such and the like Power and Authority House to have to make and set down in Writing, alter, amend, repeal, and make B

void, Rules and Bye Laws for the Government and Regulation for their

of

57 *

Mariners, as is vested in the Court of Aldermen with respect to Watermen.

Copy of intended Bye Laws and Alterations of the Trinity House to be sent to the Town Clerk of London and the Watermen's Company 30 Days before allowed by the Judges *

Mariners licensed by the -Trinity House to be limited to the same Fares as Watermen.

Lord Mayor, Aldermen, &c. /nay summon and apprehend Watermen and others, and punish them by Fine or Imprisonment

C.batv. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

of the Mariners licensed or to be licensed by them) and the Men employed by them on the said River, and the Boats, Vessels, and other Craft to be rowed and worked by such Mariners and Men, as is hereinbefore given to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen with respect to the Government and Regulation of the Freemen of the said Company, and their Widows and Apprentices; and such Rules or Bye Laws shall be approved or altered, and advertised, in the like Manner as is hereinbefore required with respect to the Rules or Bye Laws to be made by the *gid Court of Mayor and Aldermen.

LXXII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Rules or Bye Laws shall be made or altered by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the Trinity House as aforesaid, a Copy of such intended Rules and Bye Laws, or Alterations, shall be sent to and left with the Town Clerk of the City of London, or at his Office, and another Copy thereof with the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company, or at Waterman's Hall, for the Perusal of the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants respectively, at least Thirty Days before the same shall be allowed by the Justices or Barons aforesaid, or any One or more of them as aforesaid, in order that the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or either of them, may submit their Objections (if any) to such intended Rules and Bye Laws, or Alterations, to the Consideration of the said Justices or Barons, or any One or more of them, who shall have been requested as aforesaid to peruse and examine the same, before such intended Rules, Bye Laws, of Alterations shall be allowed as aforesaid.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Prices or Fares to be limited and fixed by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, and allowed and advertised as aforesaid, shall <be binding upon the Mariners licensed or to be licensed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Trinity House; and they shall be subject to the like Penalties for demanding and taking more than such Prices or Fares as are hereby inflicted on the Freemen of the said Company for the like Offence.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Freeman of the said Company, or any Apprentice or other Person or Persons, shall offend against this Act, or any Rules or Bye Laws which shall be made by the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or by the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or by the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Trinity House, and respectively approved in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any One Alderman of the said City of London, or for any Justice of the Peace fqr the respective Counties and Places next adjoining to the said River of Thames, at and between Yantlet Creek and Windsor, and every of them, within his several and respective Jurisdiction, and for any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the Corporation, Villages, and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton within his Jurisdiction, (which shall include for the Purposes of this Act any Part of the said River between Broadness Point in the North-fleet Hope, in the said County of Kent, and Yantlet Creek aforesaid,)

Cm kxv.

575

A.D. 1827# 7° & 8° GEO. IV.

said,) and he respectively is hereby required, upon Complaint made of any such Offence or Misbehaviour committed within his said respective Jurisdiction, within Thirty Days after the Commission of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be summoned personally, or by leaving such Summons at his, her, or their last or usual respective Place of Abode, to appear and answer the said Complaint; and if any Freeman, Apprentice, or other Person, being duly summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear and answer to any Complaint or Complaints made against him, her, or them, for any Offence or Offences committed by him, her, or them against this Act, or the said Rules or Bye Laws, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively, in his respective Jurisdiction as aforesaid, fto issue his Warrant for apprehending such Freeman, Apprentice, or other Person, upon Oath being made of the Service of such Summons, and to cause the Party so offending or misbehaving to be brought before him; and the Party accused being before such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively, either by means of such Summons or of such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid, he respectively is hereby authorized and required to examine upon Oath the Complainant, or any Witness or Witnesses, touching such Offence or Misbehaviour; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by the Oath, or Affirmation, if a Quaker, of the Complainant, or of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively, to impose a Fine upon such Offender or Offenders for the said Offence, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties inflicted or to be inflicted by this Act, or the said Rules or Bye Laws to be made and approved of as aforesaid, or any of them; and if the Person or Persons so convicted shall not forthwith pay the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, and he is hereby required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the same to be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information, Summons, Warrant, and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party offending, and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalty or Forfeiture and Costs, and tl\e Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture and Costs shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for £uch Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, for his or their Appearance on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, is hereby empowered to

take

576

C. lxxv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Constables not to take Watermen, &c- out *of their Boats, till moored.

Lord Mayor, dec. to summon Persons refusing to pay their Fare, and order Payment, &c.

take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, then it shall be lawful for such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, Liberty, or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and Costs, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Constable or other Officer shall, by virtue of any such Warrant, apprehend or take any Freeman, or Apprentice, or Mariner, out of any Boat or Craft which they respectively may happen to be on board of, rowing or navigating, until such Boat or Craft shall be safely moored, unless there shall be sufficient Hands on board to row or navigate or take care thereof; and Notice of this Provision shall be inserted in every such Warrant, for the Information of the Constable or other Officer who may have the Execution thereof.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay any Freeman of the said Company, or any Apprentice, or any Mariner licensed or to be licensed by the said Corporation of Trinity House as aforesaid, the Money justly due to him or them for carrying any such Person or Persons in his Boat or Boats, according to the Fares or Prices which shall be fixed, allowed, and published as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any Alderman or Justice as aforesaid, within whose Jurisdiction as aforesaid such Refusal shall be made, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint made of any such Refusal, to summon such Person or Persons to answer the said Complaint, by causing such Summons to be served personally, or by leaving the same at his, her, or their last or usual respective Place of Abode; and if any Person or Persons, being duly summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear and answer to any Complaint or Complaints made against him, her, or them, for refusing any such Payment as last hereinbefore is mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively, in his respective Jurisdiction as aforesaid, and he is hereby required to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Person or Persons, upon Oath being made of such his, her, or their Refusal as aforesaid, and Service of such Summons, and to cause the Party or Parties so offending to be brought before him or them; and the Party or Parties accused being before such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively, either by means of such Summons or of such Warrant as last hereinbefore is mentioned, he respectively is hereby authorized and required, upon due Proof made of such Refusal of Payment unto any Freeman or Apprentice, or Mariner, of the Money justly due to him for carrying the Person or Persons accused in his Boat or Boats, upon Oath, or upon Confession of the Party or Parties, to order Payment of such Sum or Sums of

Money

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

C, lxxv.

577

Money which any such Freeman or Apprentice, or Mariner, shall appear to be entitled to, and also to award reasonable Satisfaction to be made to him or them for his or their Loss of Time and Costs, in the Discretion of the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively; and if the said Person or Persons so offending shall not pay such Sum or Sums of Money, and make such reasonable Satisfaction (if awarded) as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively, to commit the Person or Persons so refusing to some Prison within the said City of London, or the said several Counties or Places adjoining to the said River of Thames, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless the Sum or Sums of Money ordered and awarded as aforesaid shall be sooner paid.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay any such Freeman or Apprentice, or Mariner, the Money demanded by him or them for carrying any such Person or Persons in his or their Boat or Boats, and shall also refuse to give to such Freeman or Apprentice, or Mariner, upon Demand, the Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode of him, her, or them so refusing, or instead thereof shall wilfully give any false Name or Names, Place or Places of Abode, for the Purpose of preventing him, her, or them from being summoned as aforesaid, every Person refusing to make such Payment, or to give his or her real Name or Place of Abode, or giving such false or fictitious Name or Place of Abode as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and such Offender or Offenders shall or may thereupon be summoned and otherwise proceeded against, not only for the Recovery of the Money justly due to such Freeman or Apprentice, or Mariner, and reasonable Satisfaction for his or their Loss of Time and Costs, but also for enforcing the Payment of the Penalty or Forfeiture lastly hereinbefore inflicted, in such and the same Manner and in all respects as is hereinbefore mentioned and directed for the Recovery of Money due to any Freeman or Apprentice, or Mariner, for carrying any Person in his Boat, and of such reasonable Satisfaction as aforesaid.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or any such Rules or Bye Laws as aforesaid, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say),

4 . f RE it remembered, That on the Day of

° w* I in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me [a* the Case may he] Lord Mayor, Recorder,

4 or Alderman of the City of London, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County* or incorporated Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, for [here set forth the Offence] contrary to an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled \Jiere set forth the 1 Title of this Act], or some Rule or Bye Law made as therein is mentioned; and I do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for the 7 & S Geo. IV. P p ' same

Persons refusing to give their Names, or giving fictitious Names, to be punished.

Form of Conviction by Lord Mayor, &c.

578

C. lxxv.

7°&8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1527.

same the Sum of being the Penalty by him for-

1 feited, and also the Sum of for Lots of Time

' and Costs [if awarded, as the Case may 4e], or to be committed

to for the Space of Given

1 under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid. *

Members of the Court of the Company to bear and determine Complaints between Watermen and Watermen,

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Freeman, or the Widow of any Freeman, or any Apprentice of a Freeman or of the Widow of a Freeman of the said Company, shall make Complaint to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants for the Time being of the said Company, or any Two or more of them, against any other such Freeman, Widow, or Apprentice, for any Offence or Misbehaviour against this Act, or any of the said Rules or Bye Laws to be made and approved of as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them, (as well as for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, respectively hereby authorized as aforesaid) and they are hereby required to hear and determine concerning any such Offence or Misbehaviour, and convict the Offender, as hereinafter is mentioned and directed; (that is to say) , in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them, upon Complaint made by any such Freeman, Widow, or Apprentice as aforesaid, of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, within Thirty Days after the Commission thereof, to cause the Freeman, Widow, or Apprentice offending as aforesaid to be summoned personally, or by leaving such Summons at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, to appear and answer to the said Complaint, and the Party accused being before the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them, to hear and examine upon Oath the Complainant, or any Witness or Witnesses, touching such Offence or Misbehaviour, and determine concerning the same; and if the Freeman, Widow, or Apprentice accused shall be convicted of any such Offence or Misbehaviour, it shall be lawful for the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby required to impose a Fine upon such Offender for the said Offence or Misbehaviour, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties inflicted or to be inflicted? by this Act, or the said Rules or Bye Laws to be made and approved of as aforesaid, or any of them; and if the Freeman, Widow, or Apprentice convicted shall not forthwith pay the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any Alderman or Justice as aforesaid, within whose Jurisdiction as aforesaid the said Offence or Misbehaviour shall have been committed, and he is hereby required, upon Production to him or them respectively of such Conviction drawn up in Writing, to issue his Warrant for apprehending such Freeman, Widow, or Apprentice, and to cause such Penalty or Forfeiture to be paid or raised, or to commit the Party convicted, in the same Manner in all respects as hereinbefore is expressed with respect to any Party who shall be convicted by or before the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice respectively; and such Conviction by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them,

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

579

A.D. 1827.

C. lxxv.

shall be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the same Effect; (that is to say),

.«:. I RE it remembered. That on this

to Wit. / JJ.

j in the Year

jesty's Reign, A.B. is convicted before us [describe the Master,

Wardens, or Assistants, as the Case may be] of the Company of

Watermen and Lightermen of the River Thames, for [here set

forth the Offence], and we do adjudge him to pay and forfeit for

the same the Sum of Given under

our Hands and Seals the Day and Year aforesaid. *

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Party summoned by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them, shall refuse or neglect to appear and answer the Complaint made against him or her, without assigning a reasonable Cause for such Refusal or Neglect, to be allowed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them, he or she shall for such Refusal or Neglect forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Jurisdiction or Authority hereby given to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Two or more of them, shall not be construed to extend to the Conviction of any Offender who shall not be a Freeman of the said Company, or the Widow of such Freeman, or the Apprentice of any such Freeman or Widow, LXXXIL And be it further enacted, That every Apprentice to any Freeman, or to the Widow of any Freeman, who shall be imprisoned for any Offence against this Act, or any of the Rules or Bye Laws as aforesaid, shall serve as an Apprentice to his then Master or Mistress, not only till the Expiration of the Term for which such Apprentice ought to serve according to the Laws and Customs already existing, or this Act, and any Agreement which may have been made in that Behalf, but also for and during such further Space of Time, to be computed from the End of the said Term, as shall be equal in Duration to the Time during which such Apprentice shall have been imprisoned as aforesaid; and that no such Apprentice shall be considered as having served a legal Apprenticeship, or entitled to the Privileges and Benefits of serving an Apprenticeship, until he shall actually have served such further Space of Time; any Agreement concerning such Apprenticeship, or any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Oath is by this Act directed to be made or taken, or any Matter or Thing is directed to be proved by Oath, the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any Alderman at any Court of Mayor and Aldermen, or the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and Justices respectively, or the said Master, or One of the Wardens or Assistants present at any Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or any Court for Apprentices and the Admission of Freemen, or any Two or more of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, before whom such Oath is hereby directed to be made or taken, or such Matter or Thing to be proved, shall have full Power to administer the Oath, or instead thereof to receive a

P p 2 solemn

Day of of His Ma-

Form of Conviction by the Court of Master, Wardens, Sec,

Penalty on Persons summoned not appearing.

Jurisdiction of Court of the Company not to extend to any but Freemen.

As to Apprentices Imprisoned for Offences against this Act.

Mayor, Ac. may administer Oaths.

580

C.lxxv.

7° & 8° GEO, IV.

Freemen may be Witnesses.

For compelling the Attendance of Witnesses.

Justices may proceed by Summons in the Recovery of Penalties.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form.

Application of Penalties.

A.D. 1827.

solemn Affirmation by any of the People called Quakers, as the Case may require.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Information, Complaint, Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, in anywise relating to any Offence against this Act, any Freeman of the said Company, or the Apprentice of any Freeman, shall be competent to give Evidence thereon.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before any Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, or any Master, Wardens, or Assistants, respecting any Matter of Fact relating to any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or any such Rules or Bye Laws as aforesaid, either on the Part of the Prosecutor or the Person or Persons accused, shall, after a reasonable Sum for his or her Costs shall have been paid or tendered to him or her, refuse or neglect to appear at the Place and Time by such Summons appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for such Neglect or Refusal, such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which by this Act any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed is made recoverable by Information before any Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, or Master, Wardens, or Assistants, it shall be lawful for such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, or Master, Wardens, or Assistants, respectively, to whom Complaint shall be made of any Offence against this Act, to summon the Party complained against before him the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, or Master, Wardens, or Assistants, respectively, and on such Summons to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint; and on Proof of the Offence to convict the Offender, and to adjudge him to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same, although no Information in Writing shall have been exhibited or taken by or before such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, or Master, Wardens, or Assistants; and all such Proceedings by Summons, without Information, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if an Information in Writing was exhibited.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons or Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or any Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed in making the Distress.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures which shall be levied or recovered and received in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, shall he paid to the said Court of Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company for the Time being, or to the Clerk of the said Company at their Hall, within One Week after the same shall be levied; and One Half thereof shall be applied in or towards the Fund directed to be provided

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxv.

581 -

vided to defray the Expences of erecting and maintaining Boards, Posts, and Piles, and the Payment of Rewards and Costs as aforesaid, and the Surplus (if any) of the said Half, after deducting so much as shall be necessary for the Purposes of the said Fund, and the Whole of the other Half thereof, shall be paid and distributed to the poor, aged, and decayed Freemen of the said Company and their Widows, except only that it shall be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices, Master, Wardens, or Assistants, respectively, before whom any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, out of the said Forfeitures and Penalties to reward any Person or Persons who shall inform of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or the said Rules or Bye Laws to be made and approved of as aforesaid, according to the Discretion of such Lard Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, or Justices, Master, Wardens, or Assistants, respectively, so as such Reward exceed not One Half Part of the respective Penalties or Forfeitures.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, if any Person or Persons snail do or commit any Damage, Injury, or Spoil to or upon any Lighter, Barge, Boat, Wherry, or other Vessel or Craft within the Limits of this Act, and shall be thereof convicted within Three Months next after the committing of such Injury, before the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any Alderman or Justice within whose Jurisdiction as aforesaid such Offence shall have been committed, either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or of the Party aggrieved in the Premises, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Person aggrieved such a Sum of Money as shall appear to such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice, to be a reasonable Satisfaction and Compensation for the Damage, Injury, or Spoil so committed, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Five Pounds, which said Sum of Money shall be paid to the Person or Persons aggrieved; but in case such Conviction shall take place on the sole Evidence of the Party aggrieved, then and in such Case such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be paid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where the Offence was committed; and in default of Payment of the Sum of Money in which the Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted as aforesaid, immediately, or within such Time as such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice shall appoint at the Time of Conviction, together with all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the Conviction, such Lord Mayor, Recorder, Alderman, or Justice shall and may commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty, Costs, and Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XC. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Conviction of the said Lord Mayor, Recorder, or any Alderman or Justice, or any of the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, respectively, on account of any Offence committed or supposed to have been committed against this Act, or against

Justices may award Satisfaction for Damages done to any Boat or Craft not exceeding 5L

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

C. 1m.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 18S7.

582

Penalties may be mitigated.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, or after Tender of Amends.

any of such Rules or Bye Laws as aforesaid, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the Place where such Cause of Appeal shall arise, or if such Sessions shall be holden within Ten Days after such Conviction, then such Person or Persons may appeal either to such next General or Quarter Sessions, or to the Sessions following such next General or Quarter Sessions, provided the Person or Persons at the Time of such Conviction shall enter into a Recognizance, with One sufficient Surety, in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to abide by the Order or Orders which shall be made on such Appeal; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to take cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine such Appeal, and shall and may, if they see Cause, by Order of such Sessions, mitigate, at their Discretion, all or any Part of the Penalties or Forfeitures laid upon or incurred by the Party or Parties appealing, or vacate or set aside the Conviction or Convictions, or otherwise may ratify or confirm the same, with such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and levy by their Order or Warrant such Penalties or Forfeitures and Costs awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to pay the same, and for Want of such Distress to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol for the said County or Place where the Cause of Appeal shall arise, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Penalties or Forfeitures and Costs.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Matter or Thing to be done or transacted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Notice in Writing, signed by his, her, or their Attorney, specifying the Cause of Action, snail have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at this or their usual or last Place or Places of Abode or Meeting at least Fourteen Days before the same shall have been commenced; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recoveV in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought, nor if such Tender of Amends shall be made after the said Action brought and before the Trial thereof, together with Costs of Suit, at the Time of such last-mentioned Tender; but on Proof of such Tender, at any Trial to be had in such Action, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall suffer Judgment as in Cases of Nonsuit, with Double Costs, to be recovered in the same Manner as any Defendant or Defendants may recover Costs in any other Case by Law; and in case no such Tender of Amends shall have been

A.D. 1827. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxv. 583

made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, by Leave of the Court, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Orders, and Judgments shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions wherein Defendants are allowed to pay Money into Court.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Limitation of be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, Body Ac&ota* or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action or Actions shall be brought in the County, City, or Place in which the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may, at his, her, or their Option, either plead specially or plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence General Issue, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought without Fourteen Days Notice thereof having been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Amends tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time lastly before limited, or shall be brought in any other County, City, or Place than where the Cause of Action shall have arisen, then and in any of such Cases the Jury or Juries shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs, and shall have such Remedy for Double Costs, recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his or their Costs in any other Cases by Law.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Saving the in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Eights of the prejudice or derogate from the Rights, Interests, Privileges, City ef London. Franchises, or Authorities of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter, or diminish any Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction which at the Time of making this Act the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, as Conservator of the River Thames, did or might lawfully claim, use, or exercise.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing joying the in this Act contained shall extend to the lessening, taking away, Duke of Rich-abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or otherwise howsoever im- Right

peaching of any Right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the te a Court fate Charles Duke of Richmond and Lennox, Lord of the Manor of Gravesend, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for Cursus Aqu the holding of a certain Court within the said Manor celled Curia Cursus Aqua, or the Court of the Watercourse, for the better Government of Barges, Boats, and Vessels using the Ferry or Pas-

P p 4 sage

684

C.lxxv.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Saving the Liberties of the Inhabitants of Gravesend.

laving the (light of the Watermen of St. Margaret's ind of St. John' Westminster.

sage from the Town of Gravesend to London, and of the Persons owning or working the same, or of any other Rights, Liberties, Powers, and Privileges whatsoever belonging to the said late Duke, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, relating to the said Ferry or Passage, or to the Barges, Tilt Boats, or other Boats and Vessels using the said Ferry or Passage, or plying at the Bridge of the said Town of Gravesend, or the Persons owning or working the same, or otherwise howsoever.

XCVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises, Customs, Privileges, or Usages, now or heretofore lawfully used, held, or enjoyed by the Mayor, Jurats, and capital Inhabitants of the Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton in the County of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating to the Passage and Ferry upon the said River Thames from the said Villages and Parishes to the said City of London, or touching or concerning the Government of the said Passage or Ferry; but that the said Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, and their Successors, shall and may do and execute all and every such lawful Act and Acts, Powers and Authorities, touching the said Passage and Ferry, and the Government thereof, as they might or could have done if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XCVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to hinder or prevent the Watermen of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, Westminster, from plying or # working cross the River Thames from Westminster Bridge to Standgate, and from the Horse Ferry to Lambeth Bridge, on every Sunday, and taking the Fare of One Penny for each Passenger, in their several Turns, as they have been accustomed and used to do; and the Money earned by them or any of them on that Day, is hereby directed to be from time to time employed for the Use of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen and their Widows, of the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John, Westminster; and any Two Justices of the Peace of the said Parishes are hereby authorized from time to time to call the Watermen so working to account for the Monies by them earned on the Suw-day as aforesaid, and cause the same to be applied and disposed of as aforesaid; and that the said Watermen of the said Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John for the Time being shall choose Two Stewards and a Clerk on the Twenty third Day of April in every Year, yearly, unless such Day shall happen to be on the Lord's Day, and in such Case on the following Day; and such Watermen of the said Parishes, or the major Part of them which shall be present at a Meeting of their Society, shall and have hereby Power to appoint such of the Watermen of the said Parishes as shall in their respective Turns work on the Sunday as aforesaid; and no Freeman or Apprentice shall ply or work cross the said River at either of the said Places on a Sunday, except the Watermen of the said Parishes, and the Watermen to be appointed by the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants of the said Company, on alternate Sundays.

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

C.lxxv.

585

XCVQI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, lessen, abridge, hinder, prejudice, impeach, interfere with, or in any Manner affect any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Liberty, Privilege, Power, or Authority, which the Commissioners of Westminster Bridge have or are entitled to in or in anywise relating to the Three several and respective Sunday Ferries across the River Thames from Westminster Bridge to Standgate, and from the Horse Ferry to Lambeth, and from Millbank to Vauxhall, or any or either of them, or any other Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Liberty, Privilege, Power, or Authority whatsoever, of, belonging, or in anywise appertaining to the said Commissioners, but that all Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Liberties, Privileges, Powers, and Authorities whatsoever, of, belonging, or in anywise appertaining to the said Commissioners, shall and may be held, used, occupied, possessed, and enjoyed by the said Commissioners in such and the same Manner in all respects, as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XCIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice or affect the Rights and Privileges to which the Owner or Owners of any Ferry or Ferries over or across the said River Thames, within the Limits of this Act, are now entitled to by Law.

C. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to interfere with, lessen, or abridge the Rights and Privileges of any Company of Proprietors of any Docks or Canals within the Limits of this Act, or any of their Officers, with respect to the Navigation in the said Docks or Canals respectively, or in anywise relating thereto.

Cl. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained (except the Provisions for compelling the Names of the Barge or Craft, and the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner, to be painted and preserved thereon as aforesaid) shall extend to any Western Barges; and that all flat-bottomed Boats and Barges navigated from the Town of Kingston in the County of Surrey, or any Place or Places beyond the said Town, shall be deemed Western Barges, and shall and may be navigated on the said River of Thames as far as London Bridge; and that nothing in this Act shall extend to any Ferry Boats worked or rowed at any Ferry or Ferries over or across the said River at or between the said Town of Kingston and any Place or Places between the same and Netv Windsor aforesaid; and no Person or Persons navigating such Western Barges or Ferry Boats as last aforesaid shall in respect thereof be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or by any Rules or Bye Laws to be made as aforesaid, (except as aforesaid).

CII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Person or Persons from keeping, and using and rowing by their Servants, any Lighter or Lighters, or other large Craft for carrying their own Goods, provided such Servants be Freemen, or Apprentices to Freemen, or to the Widows of Freemen of the said Company.

Saving the Rights, &c. of Commissioners of Westminster Bridge.

Saving existing Ferries.

Saving Powers of Dock Companies.

Saving Western Barges, and Men employed in them, and in Ferries at Kingston and above.

Any Person* and their Ser- *ants, if Freemen, or Apprentices, may use Lighten \

C.lxxv, Ixxvi.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

but not let them out for Hire, or permit others to row them, not being Freemen or Apprentices.

Owners of Ley-stalls, Market Gardeners, Ac. may use Boats as heretofore:

But to be subject to a Penalty if they carry PasKn-gersor Goods for Hire.

Bye Laps of the Court of Aldermen extended to all Boats and Vessels.

Public Act *

CIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if such Person or Persons shall carry or cause to be carried in his or their Lighter or Lighters, or other large Craft, any Passenger or Passengers for Hire, or any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes for Hire, or otherwise than their own as aforesaid, or shall row in or navigate, or permit or suffer any Person or Persons to row in, navigate, or work any such Vessel or Vessels, who is not a Freeman, or an Apprentice to a Freeman, or to a Widow of a Freeman of the said Company, he and they shall for any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall prevent any Owner or Owners, Proprietors or Lessees of Laystalls, from carrying off the Soil from the said Laystalls in such Lighters or Vessels and by such Persons as have hitherto been accustomed; or any Owner or Owners or Proprietors of Chalk Hoys from bringing Chalk in such Hoys or Vessels, and by such Persons as have hitherto been accustomed; or any Gardener from bringing to the Markets of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Places adjacent, their own Fruit, Herbs, Roots, and other Produce of their Gardens, or Soil and Dung, in their Boats, and by their own Servants, as they have formerly been accustomed; or any Fisherman from using his own Boat or Boats for the Purpose of his Business; nor any Ballastxnan from using any Vessel for digging, getting, and carrying any Ballast; and that no Person employed, or working or navigating any Lighters, Hoys, Vessels, or other Craft, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall be subject to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or by any Rules or Bye Laws made or to be made as aforesaid, except as hereinafter is mentioned.

CV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any such Owner or Owners, Proprietors, Lessees, or Gardeners, Fishermen, Ballastmen, or his or their Servants, shall carry in any such Lighters, Vessels, or Boats, any Passenger or Passengers, or any kind of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for Hire, or other than for and on their own Account, he and they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

CVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the Powers given by this Act to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to make Rules and Bye Laws, to be allowed as aforesaid, shall extend and are hereby extended and may be applied to the Government tfnd Regulation of the Western Barges, Ferries, and Lighters, Boats and Vessels of Woodmongers and Owners of Lay-stalls, Chalk Hoys, Gardeners, Fishermen, and Ballastmen, and all other Lighters, Boats, and Vessels in the said River, within the Limits of this Act, although otherwise exempted from the Provisions of this Act.

[Public Act.]

CVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being Specially pleaded.

Cap. Ixxvi *

An Act for carrying into Effect certain Improvements within the City of Edinburgh and adjacent to the same. (6)

[14th June 1827.]

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxvii — lxxxiii.

587

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching, and otherwise improving the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster > and for regulating the Police thereof.

[14th June 1827-3

[See 6 G.4. c.lxvii.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for the more effectual repairing, maintaining, and ira* proving the Piers and Harbour of the Town and Port of Whitby, in the County of York.

[14th June 1827.]

[1 Anne, c. 19. 7 Anne, c.\. 7 G. 1. c. 16. (except as to Piers or

Port of Burlington.) 8 G.2. c. 10. 23 G.2. c. 39. 6 G.3. c. 81.

21G.3. c. 12. 36G.3. c. 121. 52G.3. c.clxxxv. repealed. Vessels on his Majesty's Service, , fyc. c. and Fishing Vessels under 55 Tons, exempt from Duties, $ 57, 58. Jurisdiction of Justices of North Riding, § 59. Great Yarmouth exempted from Payment of the Halfpenny per Chaldron upon Coals granted by this Act,

§68.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act to extend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the 53 G. s. c.cv* Fifty second Year of His late Majesty for improving the Port and Harbour of Boston in the County of Lincoln.

[14th Jane 1827.]

[Powers of 52 G. 3. c. cv. extended to this Act, § 1. Rate of Tonnage under recited Act repealed, § 23. New Rates granted, § 24.

Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempted, § 25.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Harbour of Ardglass in the County of Down.

[14th June 1827.]

[Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempted from Duties, f 9.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey, to make Two Branches or Cuts from and out of the same Navigation, and for further amending the Acts of the said Company.

[14th June 1827.]

£Powersof6G.3. c. 96. 10G.S.C. 102. 15G.S.C. 20. 16G.3.

c.S2. 23G. 3. C. 3S. 37 G.S. C. 36.&81. 42G.3. c.xxv. 49G.3. c.lxxiii. 4 G.4. c.lxxxvii. and 7 G.4. c.xxx. extended to this Act.

Vessels laden with Manure exempt from Toll in certain Cases,

§9.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, and the Neighbourhood thereof.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Suburbs of* Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

[14th June 1827.]

588

C.lxxxiv' — lxxxix. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

46G. 3. c.lxxr.

7 G. 4. c. ciii.

The Erection of the Portico of the Parish Church to be deemed legal.

The whole of the Site of Trinity Church to be Part of the Parish of St. Mary-le-bone; and Purchases by

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Neighbourhood of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[14th June 1827-]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for improving the Outfall of the River Nene, and the Drainage of the Lands discharging their Waters into the Wisbech River, and the Navigation of the said Wisbech River, from the upper End of Kinderleys Cut to the Sea; and for embanking the Salt Marshes and bare Sands lying between the said Cut and the Sea.

[14th June 1827-3

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for watching, regulating and improving the City of Carlisle, and the Suburbs thereof.

[14th June 1827-]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, incorporating the Glasgow, Paisley, and Ardrossan Canal Company; and to empower the said Company to form a Railway from Johnstone, in the County of Renfrew, to Ardrossan, in the County of Ayr, and certain Branch Railways communicating therewith.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for altering and amending the Gamkirk and Glasgow Railway Act.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Legality of the Erection of the Portico of the Parish Church of the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex; for declaring the whole of the Site of Trinity Church to be within the said Parish; and for altering the Boundary between the said Parish and the Parish of Saint Pancras.

[14th June 1827.]

[Powers of 51 G. 3. c. cli. 1 # 2 G. 4. c. xxi. and 6 G.4. c. 124. extended to this Act, $ 1.]

III. And be it further enacted, That the Erection of the Portico of the said Parish Church shall be deemed legal, and that the said Portico may lawfully be continued; any of the Provisions contained in the said recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or any other Law, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the whole of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground so purchased by the said Vestrymen as the Site for the said Church called Trinity Church shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, within and Part and Parcel of the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone, and shall be deemed to have been legally purchased by the said Vestrymen, and to be well vested in them the said Vestrymen and their Successors, according

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. lxxxix.

589

ing to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of King George the Third, and the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and all Purchases of Hereditaments made by the said Vestrymen for the Purposes of the said Acts or either of them shall be and the same are hereby confirmed and established, and the 6ame Hereditaments are hereby declared to be well vested in the said Vestrymen and their Successors.

V. And Whereas His Majesty hath been pleased to declare

His Royal' Pleasure that a Slip of Ground on the East Side of

the said Site, and running from South to North the whole Length

of the said Site, and containing in Width from West to East Four Feet Three Inches or thereabout, and another Slip of Ground on the Western Side of the said Site, and running from South to North the whole Length of the said Site, and containing in Width from East to West Four Feet Three Inches or thereabout, Parts of the Lands belonging to His Majesty, should be granted to the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Maryle-bone, for the Purpose of being added to the Site of the said Church, for improving the Appearance of the same; ' Therefore, for the Purpose of giving Effect to His Majesty's Royal Intention, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Two several Slips of Ground shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Vestrymen of the said Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex, and their Successors, for the like Purposes as the said Site is vested in the said Vestrymen and their Successors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That a Line commencing at the old Boundary Line, in the Centre of the said Turnpike Road called The New Road, opposite the Centre of Cleveland Street, thence continuing Westward along the Centre of the New Road as far as the Centre of Osnaburgh Street, and thence turning Northward and proceeding up the Centre of Osnaburgh Street, so far as the Centre of Osnaburgh Terrace, and thence proceeding Westward along the Centre of Osnaburgh Terrace, so far as the Centre of the Turnpike Road called Albany Street, and thence turning Northward so far as the old Boundary Line between the said Parishes, shall henceforth be the Boundary of the same Parishes; and that so much of the Ground and Buildings, heretofore Parcel of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, as lies on the West Side of the Line hereinbefore declared to be the Boundary between the said Parishes, so far as the said Line runs North and South, and on the South Side of the same Line, so far as it runs East and West, shall henceforth be, to all Intents and Purposes, within and Parcel of the said Parish of Saint Maryde-bone, and also within and Parcel of the District Rectory of Trinity or Trinity District Rectory, in the said Parish of Saint Maryde-bone, and shall be subject to all the same Enactments, Regulations, Burthens, and Immunities as apply to the other Parts of the same Parish and Rectory; and that so much of the Ground and Building, heretofore Parcel of the said Parish of Saint Maryde-bone, as lies on the North Side of the Line hereinbefore declared to be the Boundary of the said Parishes, so far as the said Line extends along the said Turnpike Road called The New Road, and on the East Side of the said Line, so far a9

the

the Vestrymen confirmed.

Two Pieces of Land adjoining the new Church vested in the Vestrymen.

Defining the Boundaries of the Parishes of St. Mary-le-bone and Pancras.

590

C.lxxxix — xcii. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Form of Con. veyance.

Conveyance to bave the Force of Fines and Recoveries.

the same runs North and South, and on the North Side of the said Line, so far as the same runs East and West, shall henceforth be, to all Intents and Purposes, within and Parcel of the said Parish of Saint Pancras, and shall be subject to all the same Enactments, Regulations, Burthens, and Immunities as apply to the other Parts of the said Parish of Saint Pancras.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances and Assurances of any Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments which shall be purchased by the said Vestrymen, under the said Acts of the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and the First and Second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

T of in consideration of the Sum of

A to be paid by the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint MaryJe-

bone in the County of Middlesex, acting by virtue of an Act

passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of King George the

Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act], do hereby

1 grant and release to the said Vestrymen and their Successors, 1 all f describe the Premises intended to be conveyed], to hold to the said Vestrymen and their Successors. In witness whereof I ' have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this Day of

in the Year of our Lord . '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance by virtue of this Act, shall be good9 valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and that the same shall be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of married Women, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder or Expectancy, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law-

Cap. xc.

An Act for substituting a Building lately erected by William Mitford Esquire, deceased, as the future Church or Chapel of Exoury and Lent in the County of Southampton, in lieu of the present Church or Chapel, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for providing the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint John Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, with increased Accommodation for attending Divine Service.

[14th June 1827.]

[Powers of Commissioners under 58 G.3. c. 45. 59 G.S. c. 134.]

3 G.4. c. 72. 5 G.4. c. 103. extended to this Act, $ 19.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for erecting and endowing a Chapel of Ease in the Parish of Wisbech Saint Peters in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge.

[14th June 1827.]

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

C.xciii — xcviii.

591

Cap. xciii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by several Acts for levying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon every Pint of Ale and Beer brewed or vended within the Town of Dundee, and the Liberties and Suburbs thereof, and for amending the said Apts.

[14th June 18270

Act of the Scottish Parliament, 1707. 4 G. 2. c. 11. 20 G. 2. c. 17. 16 G. S. c. 16. 42 G.S. c. zxyii.

Cap. xciv.

An Act for draining, embanking and protecting certain Low Lands lying on the North Side of the River Dun, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[14th June 18270

Cap. xcv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Crossford Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to Altrincham, in the County Palatine of Chester, (a)

[14th June 18270 [36G.S. c. 143. 45G.S. c.lvii. repealed.']

Cap. xevi.

An Act for altering and maintaining the Road from Stirling to Drymen Bridge, in the Counties of Stirling and Perth, (h)

[14th June 18270

[55G.S. c.xxxiv. repealed, § 1. Powers of 4G.4.C. 49. extended to this Act, § 2.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for amending an Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and repairing certain Roads from Redraw to PeathUl in the County of Stirling; and for making and maintaining certain new Roads connected therewith.

[14th June 18270

[4G.4. c.cxii. repealed, § 1. Powers of 4 G.4. c. 49. applied to this Act, § 2. Covenants, &c. under the repealed Act to remain in Force, § 3.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for the better and more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Roads in the County of Glamorgan. (a)

[14th June 1827.]

[45 G.S. c. lxxiv. repealed, § 1. Tolls to be paid every Time of passing over the Bridges mentioned in the Act, §46. Horses, &c. attending the Royal Family, conveying Vagrants, Prisoners, Public Stores, Mails, and Soldiers on Duty, or their Arms or Baggage, or belonging to Volunteers going to or returning from Exercise, exempt from Tolls, § 51. Manure and Materials for Roads exempt from Tolls on leaving a Note stating Owner's Name, and that the Load is intended for Manure, , fyc. c. § 52.]

592

C.xcix — cv.

7° & 8*GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Cap. xcix.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of York to Kexhy Bridge, and from Grimston to the Upper End of Stone Dale, in the County of York, (a) [14th June 1827.]

[47G.S. c.cxxxiii. repealed.]

Cap. c.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from fVot* ton-under-Edge, through Kingswood, to Wickwar, and Branch Roads therefrom, all in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts. (5)

[14th June 1827.]

[CW Waggons to pay an additional Half Toll between 1st October and 1st April, § 12.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and from Callington in the County of Cornwall, (a)

[14th June 1827.] [4 G.S. c. 48. 25 G.3. c. 108. and 46 G.3. c.xv. repealed.]

Cap. cii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Ellesmere and Chester Canal Navigation.

[21st June 1827.]

[12 G.S. c. 75. 17G.3. c. 67. 18G. 3. C. 21. 33 G.3. c. 91. 36 G.S. c. 71. 36 G.3. c. 96. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c.Ixx. 42 G.S. c.xx. 44 G.S. c.liv. 50 G. 3. c.xxiv. and 53 G. 3. c.lxxx. repealed, § 1. Canal Company re-incorporated, § 2. and Property, , fyc. c. of the Ellesmere and of the Chester Canal Navigation vested in them, § 3.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for improving the Harbour of Portrush in the County of Antrim.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for the further Improvement and Maintenance of the Harbour of Dunbar, and other Public Works within the Burgh of Dunbar, and for the better supplying the said Burgh with Water, (a) [21st June 1827-j

[46G.3. c.xci. repealed, § 1. Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempt from Rates, § 10. Powers of 8 G. 3. c. 57. extended to this Act, § 51.]

Cap. cv.

. An Act for recovering, draining, and preserving certain Lands in the Parishes of Kinross, Orwell, and Portmoak, in the County of Kinross, and in the Parishes of Ballingry, Auchterderran, and Kinglassie, in the County of Fife; and for the better supplying with Water the Mills, Manufactories, Bleachfields, and other Works situated on or near the River of Leven, in the said County of Fife.

[21st June 1827]

A.D. 1827. 7° & 8° GEO. IV. C. cvi — cxii.

Cap. cvi.

An Act for separating the Town or Vill of Ramsgate in the County of Kent from the Parish of Saint Laurence, and making the same a distinct Parish; and for completing the new Church now building therein; and for other Purposes relating thereto; and for altering and amending an Act or His late Majesty for establishing a Chapel therein.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Staines in the County of Middlesex; for providing an additional Burial Ground; and for equalizing the Church Rates of the said Parish.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act to enable the Persons interested in the Lands and Hereditaments, heretofore Parcel of the Possessions of the Monastery or Abbey of Stratford Langthorne in the County of Essex, to raise Money for repairing and maintaining the Bridges and other Works, liable to be repaired and maintained by such Persons.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for repairing and keeping in Repair the Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr; for making and maintaining certain New Roads; for rendering Turnpike certain Parish Roads; and for regulating the Statute Labour in the said County, (b)

[21st June 1827.]

[45 G.S. c.xxviii. 49 G.S. c.xxxii. and 58 G. 3. c.iii. Powers of 4 G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act, §

* 1.

Cap. cx.

An Act for erecting a Church in the Parish of Doncaster in the West Riding of the County of York.

[23d June 1827.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for building a New Gaol for the Town of Cambridge, and for other Purposes connected therewith.

[23d June 1827.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act to provide for the Municipal Government of the Town and Suburbs of Leith; for the further Administration of Justice; and for the Regulation of the Police therein.

[2d July 1827.] [11 G.S. c. 30. and46 G.3. c.xxxvi. repealed*.]

7 & 8 Geo. IV. Q q PRIVATE

593

aoG. S. c. 64.

Pr.C. 1 — 4,

7° & 8° GEO, IV.

A.D. 182L

894

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N. B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form follomng:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by " the several Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty, duly M authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and " that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Hampton in the Parish ofMalpas in the County of Chester.

[21st March 1827.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ham in the County of Wilts.

[21st March 1827.]

[Allotment to Rector for Glebe, § 22. The Allotment for Glebe to befenced at general Expence, f 26. The Rector, mththe Consent of the Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment, § 35.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Stainsby and Heath, in the Parishes of Ault Hucknall and Heath in the County of Derby.

[21st March 1827.

Allotment for Glebe Lands to be made to Vicar of Heath and Ault Hucknall, § 23. and to be ring fenced at Expence of the other Proprietors, § 27. Vicars may lease their Allotments with Consent if Bishop and Patron, § 28. Coal and other Minerals reserved to the Lord of the Manor, making Satisfaction for the Damage to be done by getting the same, § 48.]

Cap. 4.

An Act to carry into Execution a Contract entered into between the LordBishop of Bath and Wells} and Richard Beadon Esquire, 20 for

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 4 — 10.

for the Sale of the Manor of Wivdiscombe alias Wilscombe in the County of Somerset, unto the said Richard Beadon $ and for applying the Money to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof.

[2d April 1827.]

Cap. 5.

An Act to give Powers of Sale over Part of the Estates devised by the Will of John Wright, formerly of Lombard Street in the City of London, Banker, and afterwards of Esher in the County of Surrey Esquire, for the Purpose of obtaining a more connected and convenient Estate, to be settled to the existing Uses of his Will.

[2d April 1827.]

Cap. 6.

An Act for vesting in Fee Simple in Sir George Stewart of Grand-tully Baronet, or the Heir of Entail in Possession, certain Parts of the entailed Estate of GrandtuUy in the County of Perth, upon entailing certain other Lands in the said County, equivalent in Value thereto; and for feuing certain other Parts of the said entailed Estate.

[2d April 1827.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands within the Parishes of Thursford and Kettlestone in the County of Norfolk.

[12th April 1827.]

£<Allotments to be made for supplying the Poor with Fuel* Such Allotments to. be fenced, and may be leased, and Coal or other Fuel purchased with the Rents, § 30* Allotments to Surveyors of Highways, Poor, and Rector, to befenced at Expence of the other Proprietors, § 35. Rectors of Thursford and Kettlestone may lease their Allotments with Consent of Bishop and Patrons, § 44, 45.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for vesting an undivided Part belonging to James Hedley, an Infant, of Real Estates devised by Mary Stocks Spinster, m Trustees, to be sold; and for applying the Purchase Money thence arising for the Benefit of the Infant.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. 9.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Estates devised by William Hultne Esquire, to appropriate certain Parts of the accumulated Funds arising from the said Estates in the Purchase of Advowsons; and for other the Purposes therein mentioned.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. 10.

An Act for vesting in the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Saint Peter in Exeter certain Messuages and Lands situate within the Close of the said Cathedral Church, belonging to the Archdeaconries of Totnes, Barnstaple, and Cornwall, founded in the said Cathedral Church, in Consideration of certain perpetual yearly Sums to be payable to the said several Archdeacons and their Successors; and for enabling the said Dean and Chapter to grant Leases of the same Premises.

[28th May 1827.]

Qq 2

596

Pr.C. 11 — 15.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

A* IX 1827.

Cap. 11.

An Act to explain and modify the Trust Settlement of the late Louis Cauvtn, for the Endowment and Maintenance of an Hospital for the Support and Education of Boys.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for discharging Estates of Lord and Lady Say and Sdef and the Honourable William Thomas Twistleton Fiennes, Sir Culling Smith Baronet, and Culling Eardley Smith Esquire, and the Honourable Selena Childers, and John Walbanke Childers Esquire, from a perpetual Rent of Two thousand Pounds, extending over such Estates, and charging a Part of each divided Estate with a Rent equal to its Portion of the said Rent of Two thousand Pounds.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. IS.

An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Lands within the Township of Westkirhy in the Parish of Westkirby in the County Palatine of Chester.

[28th May 1827.]

[.Allotment to the Rector in respect of his Glebe Land to be fenced at the Expence of the other Claimants, § 38. Power to the Rector to grant ceases with Consent of Bishop and Patrons, § 39.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Shepley in the Parish of Kirkburton in the West Riding of the County of York.

[28th May 1827.]

[Allotment to be made to the Vicar in lieu of Tithes and other Dues, § 20. In case the Vicar's Allotment be not tvorth to be let for 30L per Annum within three Years after it is set out, an Addition is to be made to make up an Allotment worth that Rent, § 21. Vicar may erect Buildings and make subdivision Fences on his Allotment, and may raise by Mortgage of it not exceeding Two Years' Income to defray the Expence> § 22. The Vicars Allotment to be fenced at the Parish Expence, § 24. Vicar may lease his Allotments with Consent of Patron, § 25.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beckley in the County of Oxford.

[28th May 1827.]

[Allotments to be made to the Rector and Impropriator and perpetual Curate of Beckley, § 25. Allotments to be made for Tithes in Beckley, and in Horton and Studley9 § 26, 27. Allotments to the Rector and Impropriator, and perpetual Curate, to be fenced at the general Expence, § 29- Proprietors not having sufficient Open Fields, Land, &; c. to make Compensation in Money for their Tithes, § 30. Compensation for Tithes may be made out of old inclosed Lands of Persons not having sufficient Interest in the Lands to be indosedy § 32. Commissioner may determine Leases at Rack Renty § 48.]

A.D. 1827.

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 16 — 20.

597

Cap. 16.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, and for exonerating from Tithes, Lands within the Townships of Bentley and Arksey, in the Parish of Arksey in the West Riding of the County of York.

[28th May 1827.]

tAllotment to le made for Tithes and other Ecclesiastical Duesy § 31. Compensation for Tithes of old Enclosures inhere Proprietors have not more than Fifteen Acres to be made either out of the old Enclosures or by Money Payments, § 33. Tithe Allotments to be fenced at the Expence of the other Proprietors, § 41. Posner to Lessors to charge additional Etent upon leased Estates in respect of the Allotment for the $amey § 49.]

Cap. 17.

An Act for rendering more effectual Two several Acts of the Forty fifth and the Forty seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled, respectively, An Act 45 6. 9. c. viii. for inclosing and draining certain Lands in the Parishes of Winterton, East Somerton, and West Somerton, in the County of Norfolk, and An Act for inclosing and draining certain Lands 47 G. 9. Sen. 1. in the Parish of Martham in the County of Norfolk, so far as c.xxxix. regards the Estates of John Barker Huntington Esquire.

[28th May 1827.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for dividing, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish of Great Grimsby in the County of Lincoln.

[28th May 1827.]

Allotment to be made to Vicar for Glebe and Common Rights, § 20.

Allotment to be made to the Vicar in Little Field to make up with former Allotment not less than Sixteen Acres, § 22. Allotments to the Vicar to be fenced at Expence of the other Proprietorsy § 28.

Empropriator and Vicar to be paid Com Rents in lieu of Tithesy § 40. Tithe of East Marsh Lots vested in the Mayor and Burgesses of Great Grimsby, and the Vicar to be compensated by a Com Renty § 44. Owners of inclosed Lands may exonerate them from Tithes by Payment of a Com Renty § 47.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ruscombe in the County of Berks.

[28th May 1827.]

[.Empropriator to be paid by the other Proprietors One Shilling per Acre in lieu of Tithes of their Allotments for Three Years from 29th September nexty and then to be paid Tithes in Kindy § 43.]

Cap. 20.

An Act for inclosing, dividing, and allotting Lands in the Township of Burmardesley otherwise Burwardsley, in the Parish of Bunbury in the County Palatine of Chester.

[28th May 1827.]

[.Allotment to Curate of Burwardesley in respect of his Glebe Land to be fenced at general Expenccy § 39. Power to the Curate to grant Erases for Twenty one Years with Consent of Bishop and Patrons, $ 40.]

Qq 3

598

Pr. C. 21 — 26,

V & 8oGEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Cap. 21.

An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and Dues payable to the Rector of the Pariah and Parish Church of Grappenhall in the County Palatine of Chester.

[28th May 1827-]

[Corn Rent to be paid to Rector in lieu of all Tithes and Dues, § 23. Provision for re-ascertaining Corn Rents, §29. New Decennial Valuations and Assessments of Rent may be made in certain Cases, § 30.3

Cap. 22.

An Act to enable Trustees to grant Building Leases of Lands in the several Parishes of Saint LeonardFs Hollington, Saint Mary of the Castle of Hastings Maudlin, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Michael near Hastings, and Horsham, in the County of Sussex, Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Charles Eversfidd Esquire, and to sell the same Lands, and also Two detached Farms in the Parishes of Hollington and Horsham aforesaid, other Part of the same Estates; and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 23.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of the undivided Moiety late of John Leech deceased, in certain Land in the Town of Manchester, to concur with the Parties entitled to the other Moiety thereof in making Partition thereof; and to sell all or any Part of the said Land in the said Town of Manchester, in consideration of Perpetual Chief Rents to be reserved, issuing out of such Land.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 24.

An Act to effect an Exchange of Estates in the County of Oxford, between John Blackau Esquire, and the Trustees of Cutler Boulters Charity, near the City of Oxford.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for vesting in Fee-simple in John Crichton Marquess of Bute and Earl of Dumfries, and his Heirs and Assigns, certain Parts of the entailed Estate of the late* William Earl of Dumfries and Stair, situated in the County of Wigton, upon entailing certain other Lands belonging to him, situated in the County of Ayr, in lieu of the Lands so to be vested.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 26.

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Lands of Dunkirk, or West Parks of Moncreiffe, in the County of Perth, contained in a Deed of Entail made by Sir William Moncreiffe of Moncreiffe Baronet, deceased, to sell the same, and apply the Price obtained therefore in Payment of the Debts that affect, or may be made to affect, the same.

[14th June 1827.]

7° & 8° GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 27 — 88.

£99

Cap. 27.

Art Acl for vesting certain Real' Estates, late of the Most Koble John Frederick Duke of Dorset deceased, situate in the Borough Town and Parish of East Grinstead in the County of Sussex, in Trustees, upon Trust to sell the same, and to lay out the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates so sold* [14th June 18270

Cap. 28.

An Act for confirming a Partition made by Mary Vessey Spinster, and Henry Machin Esquire, with Elizabeth Reynolds Widow, of the Manor of Howell, and divers Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements* and Hereditaments, situate in Howell and Asgarby, or one of them, in the County of Lincoln.

[14th June 18270

Cap. 29.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Gabriel Powell Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for investing the Money to arise from such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 30. f

An Act to enable Robert Oliver Esquire, and Sarah Shepley his Wife, and the Survivor of them, and their Issue, to grant Building Leases of a Moiety of certain Lands and Premises in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Henry Barker deceased.

[14th June 1&27.]

Cap. 81.

An Act for confirming certain Leases granted under an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the lliird, intituled An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Har-row-on-the-Hill in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building Leases of certain of the Grounds and Estates of the said John Lyon; and for amending the same Act.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 82.

An Act for vesting an Estate in the Extra-parochial Place of Ted-desley, otherwise Teddesley Hay in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in discharge of a Mortgage affecting such Estate.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for facilitating the Execution of certain Trusts for Charitable and Public Purposes within the Town of Sheffield in the County of York.

[14th June 1827J

43 G. 3. c. 104. Pr. not printed.

Qq 4

600

Pr.C. 34 — 36.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Cap. 84.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Little

Houghton, Brafield-on-the-Green, and Cooknoe, otherwise Cogem-hoe, in the County of Northampton.

[14th June 1827.]

[Allotments to be made for Great and Small Tithes in Little Houghton and Brafield-on-the-Green, § 26- and for Glebe, J 27. Commissioners for Little Houghton and Brafield-on-the- Green to ascertain Tithes payable in respect of Little Houghton Com MM, and to make an Allotment to tie Vicar in lieu of them, $ 28. Allotments to be made to the Rector of Cooknoefor Glebe and Right of Common, § 31. and for Tithes, § 32. Commissioners for Cooknoe to ascertain Tithes payable in respect of Cooknoe Mill, and to make an Allotment in lieu thereof, { 33. Proprietors of old Inclosures in Little Houghton, Brafield-on-the-Green, and Cooknoe, not having sufficient Open Field Property, to pay a Sum to exonerate themfrom Tithes, § 35, 36. Allotment for Glebe and Tithes to be fenced at Expence of the other Proprietors, § 37. Vicar with Consent of Bishop and Patron may lease his Allotments for Twenty one Years, § 42. Rector of Cooknoe may lease his Allotments with Wee Consent for same Period, § 43. vicar of Brqfield and Little Houghton, and Rector of Cooknoe, may borrow Money to erect Buildings and make Subdivision Fences, on Mortgage of their Allotments, § 50.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for dividing allotting, inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Hamlet of Penge, in the Parish of Battersea in the County of Surrey.

[14th June 1827.]

[Allotment to be made to Vicar in lieu of Tithes and other Dues, § 17* Tithe Allotments to be fenced at 'the general Expence, § 23. Vicar with the Consent of Ordinary and Patron may lease his Allotment, § 24.]

Cap. 36 *

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Langford in the county of Bedford.

[14th June 1827.]

[Allotments to be made to Vicar for Glebe and Common Rightp § 28. Allotments to be made to the Rectors and Vicar in lieu of Tithes, § 29. In case Rectors Impropriate shall be dis-satisfied with their Allotments, the same may be altered by the Commissioners; and if they are stiU dis-satisfied, the Lands shall remain subject to Tithes, §31. Allotments to the Vicar to be fenced at the Expence of the other Proprietors, § 37. Commissioners may enfranchise Copyholds with Consent of Lord and Tenant, § 41. Vicar of Langford with Consent (f Bishop and Patron may leate his Allotment, § 50. Proprietors not having a sufficient Interest in the Open Lands, may pay a Satisfaction for Vicarial Tithes, or Commissioners may (with Consent) allot inclosed Lands in Satisfaction thereof, § 51.]

AJL 1827.

7°& 8° GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 37 — 41

601

Cap. 37.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Noxoton in the County of Suffolk.

[14th June 1827.]

[Allotment to Rector for Glebe and Right of Common, § 21. Rector with Consent of Bishop and Patron may lease his Allotment for Twenty one Years, § 22. Allotments in lieu of Glebe to be fenced at Expence of the other Proprietors, § 28.]

Cap. 38.

An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the 49 G. s. c. 39. Forty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the ft- not printed. Manor and Parish of Englefidd in the County of Berks.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 39.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tangley in the County of Southampton.

[14th June 1827.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for abolishing the Great and Small Tithes belonging to the Rectory of the United Parishes of Beaumont and Kirk-andrews-upon-Edcn, in the County of Cumberland and Diocese of Carlisle, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

[14th June 1827.]

[Corn Rent to be paid to Rector in lieu of Tithes and other Dues,

§ 23. Provisionfor re-ascertaining Com Rents, § 29. Provision for making new Decennial Valuations, if required, § SO.]

Cap. 41.

An Act to authorize a Sale to the respective Land Owners of all Tithes and Rectorial Dues belonging to the Rectory of Stoke-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford; for endowing Two new Uhurches; and for other Purposes.

[21st June 1827.]

[See58G.3. c. 45. 59G. 3. C. 134. 3G.4.C. 72. 5G.4.C. 10S. —

47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. cxiv. — 27 G. 3. c. 62. 32 G. 3. c. 88. The Rector empowered to contractfor Sale of the Tithes of the Rectory

. Patron and Ordinary to consent to Contracts, § 1. The Words " Tithesn and " Rectorial Dues" to include all Payments except Mortuaries and Surplice Fees, § 2. Governors of Queen Anne's Bounty may contract for Purchase of the Tithes, &c. where In* cumbents have not, § 6. Consideration for Purchase shall consist of Money, Land, or Rent-charge, § 8. Where the Consideration is Lana, the same to be annexed to the Rectory as Part of the Glebe,

10. Where the Consideration is an Annual Rent, the same to be charged on Messuages, , fyc. c. and payable to the Rector and his Successors, and to be subject to Decennial Revision according to the Prices of Com, Hay, and Beef, § 11. Rector empowered, with Consent of the Bishop and Patron, to sell certain Glebe Lands, $ 22. Power to Rector to lay out Streets, and make Roads,

Bridges, and Drains on such Glebe Land; the same to be approved by the Patron and Ordinary, § 23. Monies to be invested in the Purchase of Land, on the Application of the Rector, or Patron, or Ordinary, § 31. Power to Rector to grant Leases of Lands to be so purchased with Consent of Patron and Ordinary,

§32.

602

ZV.C. 41 — 46.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

§32. Provisions for endorsing Two new Churches as District Rectories, $ 34s Divisions not to take place until after ike Incumbency of the present Rector shall cease; but the Adwmmns of such new Rectories to be saleable before such Division. Net to take away from the Rector of Stoke-upon-Trent any Glebe, Tithes, , fyc. c. besides the particular Endowments authorized by the Act, $ 38. Commissioners for building new Churches may accept Donations towards providing Parsonage Houses for new Rectories, § 39. Power to the Bishop, Patron, and Rector to appropriate purchased Lands in Exchange and Satisfaction of the yearly Rent-charge payable to the Rectors of Newcastle-under-Lyme, Burslem, Bucknall, and Bagnall, with Consent of the Patron and Rectors thereof, § 41. In case of making Hanley and Lane End Chapels into separate Districts, a further Endowment to be made to each out of Purchase Moniesfrom Easter Dues, Offerings, &c. and laid out in Lands, § 42. Separations not to take place during the Incumbencies of the present Curates of Hanley and Lane End Chapels, without their Consent; nor till after the Death, of the present Rector of Stoke-upon-Trent, j 45.]

Cap. 42.

An Act forvesting certain Estates belonging to the See of Durham in Trustees for Sale, and for applying the Purchase Monies in the Purchase of Freehold and Copyhold Estates to be annexed to the said See, and for other Purposes.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 43.

An Act to authorize the Trustees of the Manors and Hereditaments devised and settled by the Will of William Earle Buboer Esquire, to raise Money to discharge Incumbrances affecting the same.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 44.

An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part of the Entailed Lands and Estate in the County of Argyle, now belonging to Charles Campbell Esquire of Combie, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts and Burdens affecting the same.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 45.

An Act to confirm an Exchange made of certain Parts of the Lands belonging to die Vicar of Saint Werburgh in the County of Derby.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 46.

An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Letham and CuUdo, in the County of Fife, to and in Favour of Francis Earl of Moray, and the respective Series of Heirs under Two Deeds of Entail made by Charles Earl of Moray and Francis Earl of Moray respectively, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Lands of Restalrig, in the County of Mid Lothian, and the Mill Lands of Aberdour, in the said County of Fife, in the said Francis Earl of Moray, and his Heirs and Assignees, in Fee-simple.

[21st June 1827.]

A.D. 187.

7° & 8° GEO. IV,

Pr. C. 47 — 55.

603

Cap. 47 *

An Act to authorize the leasing of Mines and Hereditaments in the Parish of Llangonoyd in the County of Glamorgan, devised and settled by the Will of David Griffith.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap 48.

An Act for confirming a Lease granted by the Most Noble Henry Charles Duke of Beaufort, and the Right Honourable Henry Somerset, commonly called Marquis of Worcester, of Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 49.

An Act for carrying into effect an Agreement for Sale of certain Messuages or Tenements and Parcels of Ground in the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn in the County of Middlesex, Part of the Possessions of the See of Bangor, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 50.

An Act to explain and amend certain Acts passed in the Forty seventh and Fifty first Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the First and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury to grant Budding and Repairing Leases.

[21st June 1827.]

47 G.S. Sess. 2. c. cxxviii.

51 G.S. c. cxxxvi.

1G.4. c. 48.Pr. 5G.4. c.S7.Pr.

Cap. 51.

An Act for vesting in Trustees, for Sale, the Estates devised by the Will of the hue Robert Nicholas Esquire.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 52.

An Act to authorize the granting of Building Leases of the Settled Estate of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington in the County of Middlesex; and for other Purposes.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 53.

An Act for vesting certain Estates devised and settled by the Wilt of George Taylor deceased, in Trustees, to complete the Sale thereof to Simon Taylor Gentleman, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 54.

An Act for enabling the Bishop of London and his Successors to grant Licences to demise the Copyholds within the Manor of Fulham in the County of Middlesex, for building upon and improving the same.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 55.

An Act for confirming a Partition made by Mary Bainbrigge Spinster, with the Reverend Richard Fawcett Clerk, and Anna Maria his Wife, and others, of an Estate situate in the Township of Headingly-cum-Burley in the Parish of Leeds, in the County of York.

[21st June 1827.]

604

flr. C. 56 — 61.

7° & 8° GEO. IV. A.D. 1827.

Cap. 56.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Parishes of Saint Mary MatfeUon, otherwise Whitechapel, and Saint Botolph Aldgate, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to John Craven Esquire, a Lunatic, and Frederick Bowman Esquire, late Copartners in Trade; and also certain other Estates in the Parish of Saint Mary MatfeUon, otherwise Whitechapel aforesaid, belonging exclusively to the said John Craven, in Trustees for the Purpose of effecting a Partition; and also for the Purpose of effecting Sales, granting Building Leases, and making Improvements. £21st June 1827.]

Cap. 57.

An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Carlisle to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Hereditaments in the Parish of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and to authorize the granting of Sub-leases for building thereon, and for other Purposes.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 58.

An Act for enabling the Master and Brethren of the Hospital of Saint Mary Magdalene, within the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, to erect a Chapel on Part of their Possessions in the said Town, and for regulating the Performance of Divine Service therein; and also for carrying into Effect an Exchange between the said Master and Brethren and Ralph Naters Esquire; and also for enabling the said Master and Brethren td grant Building, Repairing, and other Leases of their Estates.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 59.

An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between Samuel Pullin Esquire and James Rhodes Esquire, and for authorizing the granting of Building Leases of Freehold and Copyhold Ground in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, pursuant to the said Articles, and for other Purposes.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 60.

50.4. c. 40.Fr. An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty, for dissolving a certain Partnership, called "The Aral Life Assurance and Annuity Institution or Company," and for satisfying the Engagements entered into on behalf of the same Institution, and dividing the Surplus of the Capital belonging to the same Institution amongst the Holders of Shares of the same Capital.

[21st June 1827.]

Cap. 61.

S7G.3. c. 16, Pr. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling the Trustees of the Charity Estates of William Hickey deceased, situate at Richmond in the County of Surrey, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

[23d June 1827.]

[INDEX removed.]

