A.D. 1836 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. i-iiii 785

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLIC,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B.- The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Tide.

(a) For 31 Years, &c. [i. e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 31 Years, &c.from the passing of the Act.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for better lighting with Gas the Borough of Reading and Hamlet of Whitley in the County of Berks, by a Company to be called The Reading Union Gas Company.

[18th March 1836.]

Cap. ii.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Farnborough to Riverhill in the Parish of Sevenoaks in the County of Kent; and for making a new Line of Road to communicate therewith.

[18th March 1836.]

---

[Powers of5fy6 W. 4*. c. xx. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 6. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates on die Road, § 7. Act to be in force from the passing, and to continue during the Term of recited Act, § 10.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for removing the Markets held in the Town or Village of Bridgend in the County of Glamorgan, and for providing other Market Places in lieu thereof, and for regulating and maintaining the same.

[30th March 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Earl of Dunraven, § 33.]

6 & 7 Gul. IV. 3 E

C.iv-ix.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.U. 1886.

Cap. iv.

An Act to establish a Company for more effectually lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter, and certain Parishes and Places in the County of Devon,

[SOth March 1886.]

[Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Improvement, § 97 .; and of Trustees of Turnpike Roads, § 98 .; and of the Corporation of Exeter, § 99 .; and of the Duchy of Cornwall, § 100 .; and of the Dean and Chapter in their Manor of St Sidwell, § 102.]

Cap. v.

An Act for the better supplying the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Gas.

[SOth March 1836.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for extending the Time for building a Bridge over the River Avon from Clifton in the County of Gloucester to the opposite Side of the River in the County of Somerset

[SOth March 1836.] [Term granted by 11 G, 4. c, lxix. extended for Four Years, '}

Cap. vii.

An Act to incorporate the Subscribers to the Middlesex Hospital, and for better enabling them to carry on their charitable Designs.

[SOth March 1836.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Halifax and Ealand in the West Riding of the County of York, (a) [SOth March 1836.]

[8 G. 2. c, 7. 27 G, 2. c. 37- 6G. 3. C. 90. 35 G. S. c. 160. and 55 G, 3. c, xxxvi. repealed, § 1. No Toll to be taken for repassing once on same Day through same Gate, § 10. One Third Part only of the Tolls collected between Rochdale and Halifax: to be taken on same Day at any Gate within Six Miles of Halifax for passing along the said Road to or from the Oldham and Rip ponden Road, § 11 .; and One Third Part only of the Tell collected on whole Line to be taken within Four Miles of Rockdale for passing along the said Road to or from the Todmorden Road, { 12. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, 8$c-, $ 17. No more Money to be laid out on Branch Road than is collected thereon, § 18.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham to the West Chester or Holyhead Road in the Parish of Passenham in the County of Northampton, and from the North-east End of the Town of Stony Stratford to Newport Pagnell in the said County of Buckingham. (a)

[SOth March 1836.]

[55 G. 3. c. lxxv. repealed, § 1. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing or repassing through all die Gates omthe

Road,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

787

cvix-xvi.

Road, and One full Toll only between Buckingham and Old Stratford, and between Stony Stratford and Newport Pagnell, § 9. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, $ 10. Money not to be expended in repairing Streets, Sfcn § 15. Penalty of 40s. for hanging out Clothes near the Road, § 19.]

Cap. x.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road and Branches leading from Radcliffe towards Bolton and Bury, all in the County of Lancaster. (a) [SOth March 1836.]

[One Toll only to be taken for passing and repassing once through same Gate on same Day, except for Waggons, Steam Carriages, &c. laden with Ten Hundred Weight or upwards, $ 14. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing once through all the Gates on the Road, § 15.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for erecting a County Hall and Courts of Justice, and for providing Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, for the Eastern Part of the County of Suffolk.

[22d April 1836.] [Powers of 7 G. 4. c. 63. extended to this Act, $ 16.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for building new Courts of Assize at Bodmin for the County of Cornwall, and for providing Judges Lodgings, and other Purposes connected therewith.

[22d April 1836.]

[Powers of 7 G. 4. c. 63. and 4 G. 4. c. 64. extended to this Act, $5.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Prestbury Division of the Hundred of Macclesfield in the County of Chester.

[22d April 1836.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for making a Railway from Birmingham to Gloucester, with a Branch therefrom.

[22d April 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the London and Birmingham Railway Company, § 25.]

Cap. xv.

An Act to enable the Bristol and Clifton Oil Gas Company to produce Gas from Coal and other Materials; and to amend the Act relating to the said Company.

[22d April 1836.]

[Powers of 4 G. 4. c. cii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Company empowered to raise additional Capital of 10,000l.,

i.

Cap. xvi.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of several Acts for effecting Improvements in the Streets and other Places within the Town of Manchester.

[22d April 1836.]

[Powers of 5 G. 4. c. cxxxiii. 9 G. 4. c. cxvii. 11 G. 4. c. xlvii. 1 W. 4. c. xvi. and 2 W. 4. c. xxxvi. extended to this Act, § 1.

3 E 2 Saving

TO8

xx. 6P & 7 GULIELMI IV,

A.D. 1835.

Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Manchester, § 11 .; and of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company\ § 12.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from Richmond to Reeth in the County of York, (a) [22d April 1836.]

[iVo Exemption from Toll for Waggons, , fyc. c. laden with Building

Materials, Manure, Implements of Husbandry, Hay, Straw, or other Agricultural Produce, if such Waggons, fye. have the Nails of the Tire projecting more than a Quarter of an Inch, § 17. One Toll only to be paid on same Bay for passing and repassing once through same Gate, except with a different Loading of240 lbs. or more, and going Three Miles or more on the Road, § 18. One full Toll only to be taken on same Bay for passing and repassing through aU the Gates on the Road, § 21. Money not to be expended in repairing Streets, , fyc. c., § 22.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fourth and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and for more effectually maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the County of Lanark, and for budding a Bridge over the River Clyde at Crossford w the said County.

[19th May 1836.]

£Powers of 4* Sf 5 W. 4. c. lxxii. and 1 4* 2 W. 4. c. 4*3. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §§ 1, 2. Act to continue in force during the Term granted by the first-recited Ad, § 7-]

Cap. xix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Saint Leonards and Saint Mary Magdalen to the Royal Oak Inn at Whatlington, and through Sedlescombe to Cripp's Comer in the Parish of Ewhurst, in the County of Sussex, (o)

[19th May 1836.]

[iVo Exemption from Toll for Waggons, &c. laden with Materials for repairing Roads or Buildings, Manure, Agricultural Implements or Produce, if such Waggons, , fyc. c. have the Nails of the Tire projecting more than a Quarter of an Inch, $ 20. Three full Tous only to be taken for passing over the whole Line of Road, § 21. One Toll only to be taken for passing and repassing once on same Bay through same Gate, except with a different Carriage, &c., § 22. No more Money to be laid out on any jHoad than is collected thereon, § 26.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to incorporate the Governors of the Westminster Hospital at the Broad Sanctuary, Westminster, and for conferring Powers the better to enable them to carry on their charitable Designs.

[19th May 1836.]

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. xxL-xxviii.

789

Cap. xxi.

An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders of the Family Endowment Society to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or of the Chairman or Secretary for the Time being of the said Society.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for better raising and securing the Fund established for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

[19th May 1836.]

[1 2 W. 4. c. v. in part repealed, § 1.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Justiciary Court Hall and other Apartments for the Use of the Justiciary Court at Glasgow, and also Public Offices for the City of Glasgow and the Lower Ward of the County of Lanark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and otherwise improving the Town of Crediton in the County of Devon.

[19th May 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Lords of the Manor of Crediton, § 130.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act to enable John Howard Kyan to assign to a Company certain Letters Patent.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxviL

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act for lighting with Gas the City and County of the City of Exeter, and for lighting with Gas the several Parishes of Alphington, Heavitree, Saint Leonard, Saint Thomas the Apostle* and Topsham in the County of Devon.

[19th May 1836.]

[56 G. 3. c. x. in part repealed, § 1. Saving the Rights of the Exeter Turnpike Trustees, § 66 .; and of the Exeter Improvement Commissioners, § 67 .; and of the Duchy of Cornwall, § 68 .; and of the Corporation and Dean and Chapter of Exeter, § 69.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Towns of New Mills and May-field, and the Neighbourhoods thereof, in the County of Derby.

[19th May 1836.]

3 E 3

790

C. xxxix-xxxvii. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cap. xxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Dock or Docks at South' ampton.

[19th May 1886.]

[48 G. 3. c. xxi. 50 G. 3. c. clxviii. and 4 # 5 IF. 4. c. lxxxviii. recited, § 1. Persons employed in His Majeshfs Service, or in the Service of any of the Public Boards or Post Office, exempted from Toll, § 164. Saving the Rights of the London and Southampton Railway Company, § 225 .; and of the Proprietors of the Itchen Bridge and Ronds, § 226.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act to enable the Wearmouth Dock Company to make and maintain a proper and convenient Entrance into the Wearmouth Dock at the Port of Sunderland in the County Palatine of Durham.

[19th May 1836.]

\_ Saving the Rights of the Commissioners of the River Wear, § 19.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the Saint Katharine Docks in the County of Middlesex.

[19th May 1836.]

[Powers of 6 G. 4. c. cv. 10 G. 4. c.i. 11 G. 4. c. xiii. and 2 W. 4s c. xlix. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Royal Burgh of Dundee in the County of Forfar to the Royal Burgh of Arbroath in the same County.

[19th May 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Magistrates of Dundee, § 134.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for making a Railway from the Town of Belfast to the City of Armagh in the Province of Ulster in Ireland.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway between the Royal Burgh of Arbroath in the County of Forfar and the Royal Burgh of Forfar in the same County.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making a Railway from the London and Birmingham Railway, near Birmingham, to Derby, to be called "The Birmingham and Derby Junction Railway," with a Branch.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for making a Railway from Bristol to Exeter, with Branches to the Towns of Bridgwater in the County of Somerset and Tiverton in the County of Devon.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for making a Railway from Aylesbury to join the London and Birmingham Railway near the Village of Cheddington in the County of Buckingham.

[19th May 1836.]

A.D. 1836.

6o & 7* GULIELMI IV. C.nxTiiiliu

791

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act to alter the Line of the Great Western Railway, and to amend the Act relating thereto.

[19th May 1636.]

[Powers of 5 Sf 6 W.4?. c. cvii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Saving the Rights of the Grand Junction Caned Company, § 21 .; and of the Commissioners of Sewers for Westminster, $22.]

Cap. mil.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Aire at Leeds, and for making convenient Roads, Avenues, and Approaches thereto.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xL

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley-upon-Thames in the County of Oxford.

[19th May 1836.]

[Powers of 21 G. 3. c. 33. and 46 G. 3. c. cxL (except as altered) extended to this Act, $ 1. The King and Royal Family, Materials for Roads or building, Manure, Hay, Straw, &c. grown on Land within Two Miles of the Bridge, in the Occupation of the Owner, and which has not been bought or sold. Horses, , fyc. c. employed in Husbandry, or going to or returning from Pasture or watering in the Parishes of Henley and Remenham, or going to or returning from being shod or farried. Mails, Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms or Baggage, Public Stores, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and Persons going to or returning from Flections for the Counties of Oxford and Berks, exempted from Toll, $ 18.]

" Cap. xli.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Twentieth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repairing, enlarging, and preserving the Harbour of Aberystwyth in the County of Cardigan.

[19th may 1836.]

[20 G. 3. c. 26. (except as altered) to remain in force, $ 1. Vessels in His Majesty's Service, or in the Employ of the Customs, Excise, Ordnance, or Post Office, or conveying Officers or Soldiers, or their Arms, Baggage, , fyc. c., exempted from Toll, $ 10.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for improving, maintaining, and regulating the Harbour of Teignmouth and the Navigation of the River Teign in the County of Devon.

[19th May 1836.]

[Pleasure Boats, &c. belonging to the Harbour or to Residents in the Parishes of West or East Teignmouth or St. Nicholas, Passage Boats, Fishing Boats, and Boats carrying Stone, or Manure for the Use of Farms on the Banks of the River, exempted from Toll, § 20. Vessels in the Service of His Mcgesty or the Royal Family, or in the Employ of any of the Public Boards or Post Office, Vessels and Goods seized by Revenue Officers, and Goods for the Public Service, exempted from Toll, § 21. Saving the Rights of the Duchy of Cornwall, $ 60 .; and if the Trinity House and of the Lords of the Manors, § 61.]

3 £ 4

192

axliii-xlviii. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

AJX 1836.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for improving, enlarging, and extending the 1 Forth and Clyde Navigation, and certain Harbours and Works belonging thereto and connected therewith; and for making and maintaining Two Branch Cuts or Canals from the said Navigation.

[19th May 1836.]

[Power of 86.3-c. 63. 116.3. c. 62. 136. 8. c. 104. 246.3. c. 59. 276. 3. cc. 20 fy 55. 306.3. c. 73. 396.3. c.lxxi. 466. S. c-cxx. 54 6.3. c. cxcv. and 1 6.4. c. xlviiL extended to tlfis Act, § 1.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act to enable the British Alkali Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Secretary or of any One Member for the Time being of the said Company.

[19th May 1836.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for establishing a General Cemetery in the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham.

[19th May I836w]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for making and maintaining as Turnpike a Road leading from the Flimwell to Hastings Turnpike Road at or near Beam-port in the Parish of Hollington to Hastings in the County of Sussex, (b) [19th May 1836.]

[Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 13. T%oo fnU Tolls only to be taken for passing over the whole Line, § 18-Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, § 19.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads in and leading to and from the Town and County of the Town of Poole, and for making certain new Lines of Road in the said Town and County, and leading thence towards Wareham and Blandford in the County of Dorset, (b) [19th May 1836.]

[17 6.3. c. 104. 39 6.3. c. lxv. and 58 6.3. c. xliv. repealed, § 1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 32. milk, when not for Sale, and Fuel and Water carried into the Town of Poole, exempted from Toll, $ 33. One Toll only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all die Gates North of the Stour, and Four full Tolls only South of the Stour, § 34 .; and only Three full Tolls until the Road to Peters Finger is completed, $ 35. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, § 46. No more Money to be laid out in repairing new Lines to Wareham and Blandford than shall be collected thereon, § 47*]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Totnes Road at Lady Down in the Parish of Ugborough to within Four hundred Yards of the Bridge oyer the Lary, and for repairing the Road communicating therewith from Hollowcombe Cross to the Town of Modbury and Dark Lane, all in the County of Devon, (b) [19th May 1836.]

[4 6.4. c. cix. repealed, § 1. Additional Tolls to be taken between Pottle Grove and Modbury, $19. Two full Tolls only to be taken

on

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7b GULIELMI IV. C.xlviii-liii.

798

on the Road on same Day; One on the East of Pottle Grove and One on the West Side, § 20. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 21. Dime and Sand for Manure exempted from Toll, § 25.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Harlow Bush Common to and into the Parish of Woodford, and the Road from Epping to Writde, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Essex, (a) [19th May 1836.]

[3 G. 4. c. xliv. repealed, § 1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 13. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through the Gates an the Road from Harlow Bush Common to Woodford, or from Epping to Ongar, § 14. Tolls to be paid for Trucks, , fyc. c. drawn by Dogs or Goats, § 18. No more Money xto be laid out on Line of Roads than collected thereon, § 20. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, &c., § 26.]

Cap. L

An Act for the more effectually repairing, improving, and maintaining the Road from the Town of Ashford to the Town of Maidstone in the County of Kent, (b) [19th May 1836.]

[54 G. 3. c. xviii. repealed, § 1. Four full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing once through all the Gates on the Road, § 12. Road Materials exempted from Toll between the 1st of April and 1st of November, or m hard Frost, § 16. Penalty of 40s. for hanging out Clothes near the Road, §22 .; or exercising Three Horses at once, § 23. Tolls not to be applied in repairing Streets, § 26. Saving the Rights of F. W. Martin, Esquire, to Toll for Welsh Cattle, § 30.]

Cap. li.

An Act to make and maintain a Canal in the County of Dumbarton from the Forth and Clyde Canal to the River of Clyde, opposite to the River of Cart.

[20th May 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Forth and Clyde Canal Company, and of River Clyde Trustees, § 37 .; and of the Burgh of Renfrew, §42.2

Cap. lii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the several Acts relating to the Bolton and Leigh Railway, and for other Purposes.

[20th May 1836.]

[.Powers of 6 G. 4. c. xviii. 9 G. 4. c. viii. and 1 Sf 2 W. 4. c. xi. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Saving the Rights of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation, § 31 .; and of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway, and of the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Companies, § 32 .; and of William Hulton, Esquire, § 33.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Wakefield to Sheffield in the County of York, (b) [20th May 1836.]

[11 G.4. c. xxii. repealed, § 1. Waggons with Wheels haring

Plane

794 C.liii-lx. 6° & 7* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Plane Tires and honing the Nails countersunk, if the Fellies are Six Inches broad, to pay a Toll of 4d. only, and if not less than Four Inches and a Half broad, to pay 6cL, § 22. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 23. Four full Tolls only to be taken for passing and repassing on same Day through all the Gates on the Road, $ 24. Lime for Manure exempted from Toll, § 32. No Exemption allowed for Waggons, &c. laden with Road or Building Materials, or Manure, Implements of Husbandry, or Agricultural Produce, unless die Wheels are of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half, § 32. Money not to be expended in repairing Streets, § 34.]

Cap. liv.

An Act for enabling the Universal Life Assurance Society to sue and be sued in the Name of the Actuary for the Time being or of any One of the Directors of the said Society.

[7th June 1836.]

Cap. Iv.

An Act for granting further Powers to a Company called u The Imperial Continental Gas Association " [7th June 1836.]

[Powers of 3 W. 4. c. IxiiL (<except as altered) extended to this Act,

§ !]

Cap. lvi.

An Act to amend an Act to enable the Birmingham Coal Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary or One of the Members of the said Company; and to authorize the said Company to borrow a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating to the said Company.

[7th June 1836.]

[Powers of 7 8f 8 G. 4. c. xxiv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for incorporating certain Persons for carrying into effect the Purposes of an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of 5 & 6 W. 4. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling

c. luxiii. John Brandling and Robert William Brandling Esquires to purchase and take Leases of Lands and Hereditaments for the Formation of a Railway from Gateshead to South Shields and Monkwearmouth, all in the County Palatine of Durham, with Branches thertfrom; and for other Purposes.

[7th June 1836.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Township of Duhin-field in the County Palatine of Chester.

[7th June 1836.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for better paving, lighting, watching, and improving the Town of Teignmouth in the County of Devon, and for supplying the Inhabitants thereof with Water.

[7th June 1836.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to enable the Carlisle Canal Company to make a Dock or Docks at Port Carlisle otherwise Fishers Cross, and for 7 amending

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.lx---lxiv

795

amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the Act for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[7th June 1836.]

[Pouters of 59 G. 3. c. xiii. {except as altered) extended to this Act, $ 1. Saving the Rights of the Earl of Lonsdale, $ 66 .; and of the Lord of the Manor of Drumburgh to receive Toll as heretofore, § 67.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act to alter, amend, and extend the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for more effectually maintaining, improving, and extending the Harbour of Dundee in the County of Forfar.

[7th June 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of Magistrates and Town Council of Dundee9

57.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, through the Towns of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the County of Cornwall} and for making and maintaining certain new Roads communicating therewith, (a) [7th June 1836.]

[5 G. 4. c. lxxxv. repealed, $ 1. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates on the St Austell and Lostwithiel District, and Two full Tolls only on the Bodwin and Roche District, § 16. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, unless with a different Carriage, , fyc. c. and passing One hundred Yards or more on the Road, §$ 17, 18. No more Money to be laid out on Roads than is collected thereon, § 21. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, § 24. Saving the Rights of the Duchy of Cornwall, $ 34.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for making a Railway from the London and Greenwich Railway to the Deptford Pier, to be called "The Deptford Pier Junction Railway/* [21st June 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Pavements, § 188 .; and of the Commissioners of Seioers, § 189 .; and of the Greenwich Railway Company, $ 191 .; and of the Deptford Pier and Improvement Company, $ 192 .; and of the Trustees of Roads, and of the Deptford Creek Bridge Company, § 195.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to enable the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Bristol to raise a Sum of Money towards discharging the Monies borrowed under the Authority of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

[21st June 1836.]

11 G. 4. c. cxix.

243W.4, c. lxxviii.

79

C.lxv.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cap. lxv.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of the Breed of Salmon, and for better regulating the Fisheries in the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into thesamsy and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River *

[21st June 1936.]

11 G. 4. e.liv.

Additional Rates or Assessment* to be

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the more effectual Preservation and Increase of the Breed of Salmon, and for better regulating the Fisheries its the River Tweed, and the Rivers and Streams running into the same, and also within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River

And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act exercised by the Commissioners and Overseers appointed by the same have been found to be of great Benefit and Advantage to (the said Fisheries and to the Public; but by reason of the great Decrease in the Value of the Salmon Fisheries in the said River Tweed the Rate or Assessment by the said recited Act authorized to be levied has become insufficient for the Purposes for which the same was intended, and it has been found necessary that the said Rate or Assessment should be increased, and the Powers of the said Commissioners and their Representatives enlarged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners and Overseers appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of the said hereinbefore recited Act or this Act, or their Representatives, in general, stated, or adjourned Meetings assembled, to be held under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, to ascertain and impose, in lieu of the Rate or Assessment by the said recited Act authorized to be levied, a Rate or Assessment to be paid by the whole Proprietors of Salmon Fisheries in the said River Tweed, or in any River or Stream running into or communicating with the same, and in the Mouth or Entrance of the said River, not exceeding Twenty Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid for the First Year ending the First Day of August in the present Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and annually thereafter, in proportion to the Rents or yearly Value of their several Salmon Fisheries; that is to say, in proportion to the yearly Rent where the Fisheries shall be let at Rack Rent, and in proportion to the yearly Value where the Fisheries shall not be so let; and the same shall thereafter be paid either yearly or half-yearly, as the said Commissioners and Overseers may from Time to Time direct and appoint, by the several Tenants or Occupiers of the said several Salmon Fisheries, for and on behalf of the respective Owners or Proprietors of the same, and for which Payments such Tenants or Occupiers shall be entitled to Relief from their respective Owners or Proprietors at settling or paying their usual Rents; and failing

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. lxv. 797

any of the said Rates or Assessments being paid to the Collector or Collectors acting under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, by any One or more of such Tenants or Occupiers as aforesaid, when required, the same shall, on Demand, be paid by the Owner or Proprietor or Owners or Proprietors of the Salmon Fisheries so possessed by such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Rate or Assessment made at such Meeting shall be binding upon and enforced against every such Owner or Owners of a Salmon Fishery, and the said Tenants or Occupiers.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Assessments levied from Time to Time under and by virtue of this Act shall be applied in defraying the Expences of applying for and procuring this Act, and in paying the Salaries to Clerks, Collectors, Officers, and Water Bailiffs, and the other Expences to be incurred under the said recited Act and this Act, and in paying off the several Debts due and owing by the Commissioners and Overseers appointed by the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That, in addition to the Commissioners and Overseers appointed or authorized to be appointed under the said recited Act, the Husband of every Proprietrix or Liferentrix of Salmon Fishings in the said River Tweed of the annual Value or Extent in the said recited Act required as sufficient to qualify Persons to be Commissioners and Overseers under the same shall be and he is hereby appointed a Commissioner and Overseer for the Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act and this Act, so long as such Proprietrix or Liferentrix shall be in the Possession of such Qualification.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Absence from any Meeting of Commissioners and Overseers of any Commissioner or Overseer who shall not have appointed a Proxy to act for him in manner in the said recited Act or this Act mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for the eldest Son or other Heir Apparent or Heir Presumptive of such Commissioner and Overseer to act and vote at such Meeting of Commissioners and Overseers in the stead of his Father, or of the Person to whom he is such Heir Apparent or Heir Presumptive.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every Person by the said recited Act or this Act appointed a Commissioner and Overseer for putting the said recited Act and this Act into execution, or the Guardians or Administrators at Law of any such Person who shall be under Age, to nominate and appoint from Time to Time his or her bona fide ordinary Chamberlain, Factor, or Attorney, holding a regular written Appointment as such, to be Proxy for and to represent and act in all or any Meetings of the said Commissioners and Overseers as the Representative or Proxy of the Person for whom he is so nominated or appointed, in the Absence of such Person so nominating or appointing him, but such Chamberlain, Factor, or Attorney so nominated and appointed (provided he be not himself a Commissioner and Overseer in virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act) shall at all such Meetings only be entitled to give One Vote, without regard to the Number of Proxies he may hold.

Application of Rates or Aaew> ments.

Additional Commissioners and Overseers appointed.

Eldest Son, &c. of a Commissioner or Overseer may represent him in case of Absence.

Factors, Attornies, &c. may represent Commissioners.

C.lxv.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 18S6.

Repeal of Period in which Salmon, &c. shall not be taken by Rod-fishing;

and at which Boats for Rodfishing shall be removed.

Period in which Salmon shall not be taken by Hod-fishing.

When Boats used for Rodfishing to be removed.

Boats used solely for Net-fishing not to be used for Rodfishing.

Ferry Boats not to be used for fishing.

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fish for or take by means of angling or Rod-fishing any Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, c in the aid Hirer Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise

with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, at any Time or Times between the First Day of November in any Year and the Fifteenth Day of February in the Year following; and that each Boat, with its Oars, used and retained for the Purpose of angling or Rodfishing, shall be removed and carried away from the respective Fisheries, Fishing Shields, and Fishing Grounds, on or before the Third Day of November in each Year, to Places to be named by the Commissioners and Overseers, there to be lodged and kept and remain until the Thirteenth Day of February in the following Year; and it is expedient to alter the Time allowed for angling or Rod-fishing be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and is hereby repealed; and from and after the passing of this Act it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to fish for or take by mwuM of angling or Rod-fishing any Salmon, Grilse, Sea Trout, Bull Trout, Whitling, or other Fish of the Salmon Kind, in the said River Tweed, or in any River, Rivulet, Brook, or Stream, or in any Mill Pool, Mill Lead, Mill Dam, Sluice, Pond, or other Pool or Cut which runs into or otherwise communicates with the said River Tweed, or within the Mouth or Entrance of the said River Tweed, at any Time or Times between the Seventh Day of Novem* her in any Year and the Fifteenth Day of February in the Year following; and that each Boat, with its Oars, used and retained for the Purpose of angling or Rod-fishing, shall be removed and carried away from the respective Fisheries, Fishing Shields, and Fishing Grounds, on or before the Tenth Day of November in each Year to some Place or Places to be named by the Commissioners and Overseers appointed by the said recited Act and this Act, where the same can be securely lodged and kept so as to prevent their being used in fishing, and there to remain until the Thirtei cit* Day of February in the following Year, under the same Penalty and Forfeitures as are by the said recited Act enacted for fishing in the dose Time therein appointed, and for Non-removal of Boats and Oars at the Times in the said recited Act appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Boat which in the fishing Season by Nets is generally and ordinarily used for fishing with Nets shall at any Time during the Prolongation of the fishing Season for angling or Rod-fishing be used for such angling or Rod-fishing, but all such Boats shall be removed from the several and respective Fisheries on or before the Seventeenth Day of October in every Year in manner directed by the said recited Act; and no public Ferry Boat shall at any Time be used or employed for fishing, but the same shall be kept solely for the Use of the Ferry to which it belongs, and for the constant Convenience of the Public thereat; and every Proprietor or Occupier of any

16° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.lxv-lxvii. 799

public Ferry who shall use, or permit or allow to be used, his, her, or their Ferry Boat for the Purpose of fishing, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence not less than Ten Pounds and not exceeding Thirty Pounds, and the Ferry Boat or Boats shall be forfeited in like Manner as Boats used in fishing during close Time.

VIII. And for the Purpose of distinguishing such Boats as in the fishing Season are generally and ordinarily used for fishing with Nets, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners and Overseers at any General Annual Meeting from Time to Time to direct and appoint all such Boats to be painted or otherwise marked by some Colour or Mark, so that the same may be known and may be easily distinguished from Ferry Boats or Boats used indiscriminately for both Net-fishing and Rodfishing, which Direction or Appointment shall be notified to the Owner and Occupier of each Fishing using any such Boat, or to his or their known Agent, and which distinguishing Colour or Mark every Owner and Occupier of every such Boat so generally and ordinarily used for fishing with Nets shall be bound after such Notification to put upon each such Boat previous to the Commencement of the next fishing Season, and also upon all such Boats as they shall afterwards use, and to keep the same thereon until such Time as some new Direction or Appointment in that Behalf shall have been made by the said Commissioners and Overseers, and upon Failure therein every such Owner or Occupier of any such Boat shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Five Pounds and not exceeding Ten Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Exceptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things in the said recited Act contained (except in so far as they are altered or varied by this present Act) shall continue in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for regulating, preserving, and improving the Port or Harbour of Newport in the County of Monmouth.

[21st June 1836.]

[Vessels in the Service of His Majesty or of the Public Boards or Post Office, and Vessels driven in by Stress of Weather, exempted from Tolly § 73. Saving the Rights of the Trinity House, § 105 .; and of the Monmouthshire Canal and Newport Dock Company, § 106 .; and of His Majesty and other Persons to Land lying between High and Low Water-mark, § § 107, 108.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for better supplying with Water the City of Gloucester and Parishes and Places in the County of Gloucester near thereto.

[21st June 1836.]

Boats used solely for Net-fishing to have a distinguishing Mark.

Former Act to remain in force, except as hereby altered.

[Public Act.]

800

C.lxviii-lxxv. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

It Q. 4. e. lxx.

Cap. lxviii.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for incorporating the Hungerford Market Company.

[21st June 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of London, § 9 .; and of existing Mortgagees, § 24.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act to enable Charles Herbert Earl Manners to endow the Chapelry of Perlethorpe in the Parish of Edwinstowe in the County of Nottingham, to create the same a separate Benefice, and to vest the Nomination of the Incumbents thereof in the said Earl and his Heirs.

[21st June 1836.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act to provide for the better Regulation of certain Common Pastures within the Borough of Beverley in the East Riding of the County of York, [21st June 1836.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to extend the Time limited by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for the Improvement of the Newry Navigation.

[21st June 1836.]

[Term of recited Act 10 G. 4. c, cxxvi. extended to 26M July 1841,

#10

Cap. lxxii.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh, Monaghan, and Armagh, in Ireland.

[21st June 1836.]

£6 G. 4. c. cxciii. 9 G. 4. c. xcvi. 10 G. 4. c. cix. and 2 W. 4. e. lvi. recited, § 1. The Company are not to interfere with the Navigations of Magherty Cut, Blachwater River, or Lough Neagh, $37.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of Greenwich Hospital' to improve a certain Street called King Street, in the Parish of Greenwich in the County of Kent; and for other Purposes.

[21st June 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of Churchwardens and Overseers of Greenwich,

270

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for improving the Approach to the Town of Newton Abbot from the City of Exeter, through the Village of Kingsteignton, in the County of Devon.

[21st June 1836.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for making a Railway from the London and Croydon Railway to Dover, to be called "The South-eastern Railway."

[21st June 1836.]

13

A.D. 180L 0° & 7* GULIELMI IV. C.lxxfi-lxxxiii.

901

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne in the County of the Town of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to North Shields in the County of Northumberland, with a Branch thereout in the County of Northumberland.

[21st June 183&]

[Saving the Rights of the North Shields Waterworks Company, § 179.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for making a Railway from Cheltenham and from Gloucester, to join the Great Western Railway near Swindon, to be called "The Cheltenham and Great Western Union Railway/' with a Branch to Cirencester* [21st June 1836.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for making a Railway, with Branches, commencing at; the London and Birmingham Railway in the Parish of Rugby in the County of Warwick, to communicate with the Towns of Leicester, Nottingham, and Derby, to be called "The Midland Counties Railway.

[21st June 1836.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for making a Railway from the Basin of the Kensington Canal at Kensington to join the London and Birmingham and Great Western Railways at or near Holsden Green in the County of Middlesex, and to be called "The Birmingham, Bristol, and Thames Junction Railway." [21st June 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of London, § 212 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers for Westminster and Part of Middlesex, § 213.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for making a Railway from jKingston-upon-Hull to Selby *

[21st June 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Hull, § 209 .; and of the Dock Company, § 210.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for making a Railway from the City of York to and into the Township of AUofts, with various Branches of Railway, aU in the West Riding of the County of York or County of the said City.

[21st June 1836.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for making a Railway from Merthyr Tydfil to Cardiff, to be called "The Taff Vase Railway," with Branches.

[21st June 1836.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for more effectually improving and maintaining the Turnpike Road leading from the Cow- Cawsey near the Town 6 & 7 Gul. IV. 3 F of

802

Glxxxiii-lxxxvii. 6° & 1* GULIELMI IV. A.IX 1836.

of Newcastle-upon-Tyne to the Town of Belford, and from thence to Buckton Burn, in the County of Northumberland. (b)

[21st June 1836.]

[55 G. 3. c. xxxiii. repealed, § 1. Six full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates on the Road, {that is to say,) Two between Newcastle and Morpeth, Two between Morpeth and Alnwick, and Two between Alnwick and Buckton Burn, § 15. Tolls id be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 16. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, i 20.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the Towns of Newton BusheU, South Bovey, and Moretonhampstead in the County of Devon.

[21st June 1836.]

[7 G. 4. c. xcii. and 5 W. 4. c. xxxv. recited, § 1. Toll, having been pend at any Gate erected by Trustees under the first^recited Act or this Act, not to be paid again on same Day at any Gate erected by the Trustees of the second-recited Act, and vice versa, § 4. Tolls not to be applied in repairing Roads where there are no Toll Gates, nor in repairing Streets, &c., § 6. Act to take effect from its passing and continue for the Term granted by the first-recited Act, $ 18.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, for diverting, improving, and maintaining the Roads between the Towns of Birstal and Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York. (6)

[21st June 1836.]

[Powers of 9 G. 4. c. lxxxiii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 3.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for more effectually maintaining the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making Roads from Dawlish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, and certain Branches communicating with the same, all in the County of Devon; and to make and maintain other Roads communicating with the said Roads, (b)

[21st June 1836.]

[6 G. 4. c. xcix. and 2 W. 4. c. xxviii. repealed, § 1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day in each District or on the new Road, £ 18. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, § 19. Tolls not to be laid out in repairing Streets, § 29.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act to vary and alter the Line of the Marlborough and Salisbury Road, and for making a Road from the same to Amesbury, in the County of Wilts.

[21st June 18S6-]

[Powers of 2 W. 4. c. xcvii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, f 1. One Toll only to be taken on the new Line of Road, $ 14.

Act

A.D. 1836. 63 & 7° GULIELMI - IV. clxxxvii-xcivj

80S:

Act to commence from its passing and continue in force during the Term of recited Act, § 16.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for authorizing the Trustees on the Bridges over the Clyde at Glasgow to continue, uphold, repair, and maintain the Wooden Bridge over the said River opposite to Portland Street of Laurieston; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for altering and extending the Powers of the Trustees upon the Road from Livingston by Shotts to the City of Glasgow, and placing under their Charge the Bridge across the River of Clyde called Hamilton Bridge, and the Avenues thereto, and the Road between the East and the West Ends of the Town of Hamilton.

[4th July 1836.]

[Powers of 1 Sf 2 W. 4. c. 43. and 4 W. 4. c. xxx. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Carriages returning on same Bay to be liable to new Toll if Load exceed One Hundred Weight, $11. Act to commence from its passing and continue during the Remainder of the Term of 4 W. 4. c. xxx.-§ 14.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the River Suir, and for making and constructing a Ship Canal at Carrick on Suir.

[4th July 1836.]

[See post, c. cxxvii.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for lighting with Gas and supplying with Water the Town of Tolcross and Places adjacent in the County of Lanark.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for altering and amending several Acts passed for improving the Outfall of the River Nene and the Drainage of the Lands discharging their Waters into the Wisbech River.

[4th July 1836.]

[7 % 8 G. 4. c. lxxxv. 15 C. 2. 27 G. 2. c. 19. 11 G.S. c. 78.]

13 G. 3. c. 70. 10 G. 4. c. civ. 11 G.4. c.liii. 1 W. 4. c. xxvii. and 3 W. 4. c. lxxii. recited, § 1. Recited Acts and this Act to be construed together (except as altered) , § 31.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for extending and improving the Maintenance of the Fire Police in the Borough of Liverpool.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for enlarging the Embankment of a Reservoir in the Valley of Wessenden in the Township of Marsden and Parish of Almondbury in the West Riding of the County of York, and for other Purposes.

[4th July 1836.]

3 F 2

804

C.xcv--cii.

6o & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cap. cv.

An Act for providing a more abundant and regular Supply of Water in the River called the Upper JBann, in Ireland.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. xevi.

An Act for maintaining the Public Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton, and for providing an additional Supply of Water for the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood.

[4th July 1836.]

[20 G. 2. c. 15. 43 G. S. c. xxxii. and 50 G. S. c. xx. repealed, § 1. Saving the Rights of the Corporation, § 93.]

Cap. *evii.

An Act for incorporating a Company for the Improvement of Waste Lands in Ireland. "[4th July 1836.]

Cap. xcviiL

An Act to alter and amend an Act of His present Majesty, for improving the Port and Harbour of Aberavon in the County of Glamorgan, to further improve the said Harbour, and to change its Name.

[4th July 1836.]

[Powers of 4 # 5 W. 4. c. xliii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manors of Mar-gam and Havodyporth, § 24 .; and of the Trinity House, § 25.]

Cap. xeix.

An Act to enable the Proprietors or Shareholders of a Company called "The Bank of British North America " to sue and be sued in the Name of any One of the Directors or of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Company.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. c.

An Act to authorize the City of Dublin Steam Packet Company to apply a Portion of certain Monies already subscribed in fulfilment of their Contracts for building Six additional Steam Vessels, and to legalize such Subscription.

[4th July 1836.]

[Potoers of 3 4* 4 W. 4. c. cxv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1.]

Cap. cL

An Act for improving the Navigation of a Portion of the River Barrett, and for making a Navigable Canal from the said River to Barrington, all in the County of Somerset.

[4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Bridgewater, § 5 .; and of the Bridgewater and Taunton Canal Company, § 6 .; apd if the Conservators of the River Tone, § 9 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers, § 166.]

Cap. cii.

An Act to amend the Acts for making a Railway from Dundee to Newtyle in the County of Forfar.

[4th July 1836.]

[Powers of 7 G. 4. c.cL and 11 G. 4. c. lx. (except as altered) extended to this Act, $ 1.]

A.D. 1836.

6° & f GULIELMI IV. Cdii-cviii.

805

Cap. ciii.

An Act for making a Railway to form a Communication between London and Cambridge, with a view to its being extended hereafter to the Northern and Eastern Counties of England.

[4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Trustees of the River Lea Navigation,

119 .; and of the Owners of the Start Navigation, $ 123 .; and of Commissioners of Seiners for Hofborn and Finsbury and Tower Hamlets, $$ 273, 275.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for making a Railway to join the London and Birmingham Railway at or near the Regent's Canal in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, and to proceed from thence to Skinner Street in the City of London, to be called "The London Grand Junction Railway." [4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Regents Canal Company, $ 26 .; and of the Corporation of London, § 242 .; and of the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London and HoXbom and Finsbury Divisions, $$ 243, 244 .; and of the New River Company, the West Middlesex Water Company, and Gas Light Companies, $245.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for making a Railway from near the River Tyne to or near the River Tees, to be called "The Great North of England Railway," in the County of Durham.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. cvi

An Act for making a Railway from London to Norwich and Yarmouth, by Romford, Chelmsford, Colchester, and Ipswich, to be called "The Eastern Counties Railway." [4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the East London Waterworks Company, $ 66 .; and of the Tenants of the Manor of Havering-atte- Bower, $ 73 .; and of the Corporation of Norwich for supplying Water, and as Conservators of the River Yare, $ $ 82, 83 .; and of the Trustees of the River Lea Navigation, $ 89 .; and of the Regents Canal Company, $ 93 .; and of Parishes on the Line under existing Acts of Parliament, $ 120 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers for Holborn and Finsbury, the County of Essex, and Tower Hamlets, $$ 255, 256, 259 .; and of the Corporation <f . London, $ 261.]

Cap. cviL

An Act for making a Railway from Leeds to Derby, to be called "The North Midland Railway." [4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Cromford Caned Company, $ 103 .; and of the River Dun Navigation Company, $ 106.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for making a Railway from or near Romford in the County of Essex to Shell Haven in the same County, and for construct-

3 F 3 ing

806

C.cviii-txiv. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

ing a Tide Dock at the .Termination of the said Railway at Shell Haven aforesaid. .[4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of London, § 255 .; and of the Lord of the Manor of Havering-att*- Bower, $ 257 .; and of the Trinity House, § 259.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for making a Railway from Sheffield to Rotherham, with a Branch therefrom to Greasbrough Canal, all in the West Riding of the County of York.

[4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the River Dun Navigation Company, § 185.]

Cap. cx.

An Act to enable the Hayle Railway Company to make certain Alterations in the Lines of such Railway, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[4th July 1836.]

[.Powers of 4 W. 4. c. lxviii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Saving the Rights of the Duchy of Cornwall, § 14.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for making a Railway from Manchester to Leeds.

[4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Aire and Colder Navigation Company, § 44 .; and of Commissioners of Manchester Police, and Directors of Manchester Gas Works, § 45 .; and of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company, $ 56 .; and of the Earl of Scarbrough, § 86.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of an Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty and other Works at Herne Bay in the Parish of Herne in the County of Kent; and for giving additional Powers to the Herne Bay Pier Company.

[4th July 1836]

[Powers of 1 W. 4. c. xxv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Coals, Com, Hay, Straw, and other Agricultural Produce, and Chalk or Tiles used for Manure or draining, exempted from Toll, § 26. Soldiers and Sailors on Duty exempted from Toll, } 28.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and other Works at Sidmouth in the County of Devon.

[4th July 1836.]

[Vessels in the Service of His Majesty or in the Employ of the Public Boards or Post Office exempted from Tolls, § 77. Saving the Rights of the Trinity House, § 118 .; and of the Lords of the Manors of Sidmouth and Salcombe Regis, § 119.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act to extend the Time limited by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for improving the Navigation and Harbour of Tralee in the County of Kerry.

[4th July 1836.]

[Time limited by 9 G. 4. c. cxviii. extended for Five Years, § 1.]

6 & 7 GUHELMl IV. C.cxv-crt

807

Cap. cxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal to conneet the Rochdale Canal and the River Irwell in the Township of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, [4th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of Commissioners under various Acts, § 14 .; and of the Manchester and Salford Waterworks Company, § 19-; and of Proprietors of Lands on Banks of Branch Canal, § 170 .; and of the Manchester, Bolton, and Bury Canal Navigation and Railway, $ 174 .; and of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation and the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company, § 180 .; and of the Duke of Bridgewater's Trustees, $ 185.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Dungleddau, within the Town and County of Haverfordwest and the Liberties thereof,

[4th July 1836.]

[Powers of 3 W. 4. c, cii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 6]

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for regulating and improving the Town of Galway in the County of the same Town.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for repairing, maintaining, and improving the Road from1 Dewsbury to Boland in the West Riding of the County of York, (a) [4th July 1836.]

[32 G, 2. c, 54. 19 G, 3. c, 88. 38 G. 3. c. xxxix. and 59 G, 3. c. lifi. repealed, § 1. Three Tolls only to be taken for passing on same Day through all the Gates on the whole Line, and One Toll to be paid every Third Time of passing through same Gate, $ 9. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, fyc, § 14.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act to enable the Liverpool Fire and Life Insurance Company-to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman, Deputy Chairman, or of any One of the Directors of the said Company; and for other Purposes.

[14th July 1836.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for the Amendment of Three several Acts passed in the Sixth, Tenth, and Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Third, for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundreds of Blackheath, of Bromley and Beckenham, of Rokesley otherwise Ruxley, and of Little and Lessness, in the County of Kent, and within the Hundred of Wallington in the County of Surrey; and to extend the Powers thereof.

[14th July 1836.]

[5 G, 3. c. 8. 6 G. 3. c, 6. 10 G. 3. c, 29. and 47 G+3, c, iv. repealedL

§ 1.].

3 F 4

808

C.cxxi-cxxvi. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cap. cxxi.

An Act to enable the London and Croydon Railway Company to provide a Station and other Works in the Parish of Saint Oktve in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey; and to amend the Act relating to the said Railway.

[14th July 1836.]

[Powers of 5 W. 4. c.x. (except as altered) extended to this Act, #*]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Preston to Longridge in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

[14th Jtdy 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Preston Waterworks Company, § 202.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for making a Railway from the Minories to Blackwall, with Branches, to be called "The Commercial Railway."

[28th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Sewers for the Tower Hamlets, § 66 .; and of the West India Dock Company, § 73 .; and of the Trustees of the River Lea Navigation, $ 74 .; and of the East London Waterworks Company, § 79 .; and of the Rat-diffe and City of London Gas Light and Coke Companies, and of the British Gas Light Company, § 82 .; and of His Majesty and the Corporation of London, § 201 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers, Trustees, Vestrymen, and others under Local Acts, #202.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Harbour and Breakwaters at Tremoutha Haven in the County of Cornwall; and for making and maintaining a Railway from thence to the Town of Launceston in the same County.

[28th July 1836.]

[Vessels in His Majesty's Service or in the Employ <f the Public Boards or Post Office, and Pleasure Boats belonging to the Royal Family, Fishing Boats under Five Tons Burthen, and Pilot Boats, exempted from Toll, § 23. Saving the Rights of the Duchy of Cornwall, § 236.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act to amend an Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Harbour of Dover in the County of Kent.

[28th July 1836.]

[Powers of 9 G, 4. c, xxxi. (except as altered) extended to this Act,

#1.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act to alter and amend several Acts for the Improvement of the Harbour of Swansea in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the said Harbour.

[28th Jtdy 1836.]

[Powers of 31 G. 3. c, 83. 36 G. 3. c. 93. and 44 G, 3. e. iv. (except as altered) extended to this Act, $ 1. The King and Royal Family exempted from Toll, § 115 .; also Mails, Soldiers on

March

A.D. 18S& 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxvi-cxxxiih

809

March or Duty, their Arms or Baggage, Vagrants and Prisoners sent by Passes or Warrants, Volunteer Yeomanry or Cavalry on Duty, Persons going to or returning from Elections for the County of Glamorgan or Borough of Swansea, or (on Sundays) ingoing to or returning from Public Worship, exempted from Toll, 116. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Seigniories of Gower and KHvey, § 140 .; and of the Corporation of Swansea, § 141 .; and of the Trinity House, § 142.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for improving and maintaining the Navigation of the River Suir, and for making and constructing a Ship Canal at Carrick on Suir.

[28th July 1836.]

[Powers of 6 # 7 IF. 4. c. xc. extended to this Act, § 1. Vessels reloading at Fiddown to pay same Duty as those proceeding towards Carrick, § 2.]

[Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Pier Wharf and other Works at Greenwich in the County of Kent.

[28th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Trinity House, § 96 .; and of the Corporation of London, § 97*; and of the Watermens Company, § 98 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers, § 99 .; and of the Parish Officers of Greenwich, § 100.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for establishing a Cemetery for the Interment of the Dead, Southward of the Metropolis, to be called "The South Metropolitan Cemetery." [28th July 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of Commissioners of Sewers, § 135.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for establishing a Joint Stock Company for the Prosecution and Extension of the Fisheries off the Shores of Ireland, and for the Improvement of the Sea Coasts in connexion with such Fisheries.

[28th July 1836.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Railways from the City of Edinburgh to Leith, and to the Shore of the Frith of Forth at or near to Newhaven and Trinity, all in the County of Edinburgh.

[13th August 1836.]

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for making a Railway from Dublin to Drogheda.

[13th August 1836.]

Cap. cxxxiiL

An Act for building a Foot Bridge over the River Thames from Hungerford Market in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields in the County of Middlesex to the opposite Shore in the Parish

of

810 .Ccxxxiii-cxxxvii. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A'D. 1836.

of Lambeth in the County of Surrey, and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

[13th August 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of London, § 164 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers for Middlesex and Surrey, § 165 .; and of the Hungerford Market Company, § 166 .; and of the Watermens Company, § 167.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge across the River Thames from Church Street in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the County of Surrey to the opposite Bank of the said River near Market Street in the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist within the City and Liberty of Westminster in the County of Middlesex.

[13th August 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of London, § 141 .; and of the Commissioners of Sewers for Middlesex and Surrey, §§ 142, 143 .; and of the Watermen's Company, $ 144.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the

Fourth and Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Proceedings and Practice of the Court of Passage of the Borough of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to repeal an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and Port of Liverpool and Liberties thereof in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and to give further Power for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Borough of Liverpool, [13th August 1836.]

[So much of 4 8f 5 W. 4. c, xcii. as is inconsistent with this Act repealed, § 1.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for establishing Cemeteries for the Interment of the Dead, Northward, Southward, and Eastward of the Metropolis, by a Company to be called "The London Cemetery Company."

[17th August 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Trustees of the Surrey and Sussex Roads, § 142 .; and of Commissioners of Sewers, § 143.]

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act to repeal Two Acts of the Reign of King George the Second for the Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for granting more effectual Powers for that Purpose.

[19th August 1836.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, inti-

23 G. 2. c. 27. tuled An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small

1 Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part (of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto: And whereas ' an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of

24 G, 2. c. 42. 1 His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to explain

' and

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

, C.cxxxvii.

811

' and amend an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, inti *

1 tided An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small ' ' Debts within the City and Liberty of Westminster, and that Part

' of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and for ' making the said Act more effectucd: And whereas it would facilitate the Proceedings of the said Court, and encourage Trade

within the said City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, if the Provisions of the said recited Acts were consolidated, and better and more extensive Powers were granted for the more speedy Recovery of Debts May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act the said recited Acts of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, and Authorities therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all Acts, Judgments, Orders, and Decrees made or to be made by the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them on or before the said Tenth Day of October, and all Acts, Executions, Distresses, Imprisonments, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Proceedings to be done, suffered, incurred, recovered, or executed in pursuance of such Judgments, Orders, and Decrees, or any or either of them, shall be valid and effectual in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said recited Acts or either of them had not been repealed or this Act had not passed, and may be executed and enforced against all Persons liable thereto by the Commissioners and the Officers acting in the Execution of this Act in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Judgments, Orders, and Decrees respectively had been made by the Commissioners acting in the Execution and under the Authority of this Act

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for all and every the Vestrymen and Parishioners of the several and respective Parishes within the said City and Liberty of Westminster and the said Part of the Duchy aforesaid, who have a Right to assemble and meet in Vestry within their respective Parishes, and they are hereby respectively empowered and required, to meet on the Twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-six, and so on the same Day in every succeeding Year, provided the same shall not fall on a Sunday, and if it shall, then upon the next Day, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, in the several and respective Vestries in each of their respective Parishes, and nominate and assign in the wrhole the Number of Two hundred and forty-two substantial and discreet Persons residing within their respective Parishes, who are to be Commissioners of the Court of Requests in and for the City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto; which said Two hundred and forty-two Commissioners shall be nominated and appointed by their respective

Recited AcU repealed.

All Acte of Commissioners under former Actetoberalid.

Commissioners to be appointed.

C.cxxxvii.

6° &' 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Commissioners to appoint Place and Days for holding the Court.

The Clerk's Office to be open daily.

Court to be held twice a Week.

respective Parishes in manner following; that is to say, the Pariah of Saint Margaret to nominate and appoint Thirty of the said Persons, the Parish of Saint John the Evangelist other Twenty of the said Persons, the Parish of Saint James other Forty-two of the said Persons, the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square other Thirty of the said Persons, the Parish of Saint Anne other Twenty-four of the said Persons, the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields other Forty of the said Persons, the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, as well within the Liberty of Westminster as without, other Twenty-four of the said Persons, the Parish of Saint Mary le Strand other Twelve of the said Persons, and the Parish of Saint Paul Covent Garden other Twenty of the said Persons; and the Churchwardens of each respective Parish for the Time being, or one of them, shall, within Two Days after such Appointment by the Vestrymen and Parishioners as aforesaid, cause Two Lists to be made out of the several Persons so respectively nominated and appointed as aforesaid, and shall cause one of the said Lists, or a true Copy thereof, to be fixed or stuck up on the Church Door of each respective Parish, and shall deliver or cause to be delivered the other of the said Lists to the Clerk of the said Court or Commissioners, who shall forthwith cause a Copy of such Lists to be made and stuck up in the Place or Court where the said Commissioners shall assemble; which said Persons*so nominated and returned by and for the said several Parishes respectively as aforesaid from Time to Time shall be and they are hereby declared, constituted, and appointed Commissioners to hear and determine all such Matters of Debt as are hereafter mentioned; and such Commissioners are hereby constituted and appointed a Court of Justice by the Name of "The Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto "; and the said Court is hereby authorized and empowered to make such Orders, Judgments, and Decrees in the Matters aforesaid, and to award Execution or Attachment thereupon, with or without Costs, against the Goods and Chattels or against the Body or Bodies of all and every the Person or Persons against whom any such Order, Judgment, or Decree shall be given, as shall be consistent with the Laws and Statutes of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Englasut, and this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to meet and to hold the said Court in some convenient Place or House situated within the said City and Liberty of Westminster, to be appointed for that Purpose from Time to Time; and the Court shall be holden at such Time or Times and on such Day or Days in every Week as the said Commissioners shall think fit to order and appoint: Provided always, that the Office of the Clerk of such Commissioners shall be open daily (except Sundays) from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until One of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the granting of Summonses, Subpoenas, Warrants, Attachments, and Precepts, and for other Purposes relative to the Business of the said Court; and provided also, that the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to hold the said Court for the hearing of all Causes and Actions at least on Two Days in every Week.

A.D. 186. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii *

813

V. And for the more orderly and regular proceeding in the said Cpurt, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Chief Clerk (who is hereby empowered and required from Time to Time so to do) shall, within Two Days next after such several Lists shall be returned to him as aforesaid, summon or cause to be summoned the first Seven Persons named in each List containing Forty-two or Forty, the first Five in each List containing Thirty, the first Four in each List containing Twenty-four or Twenty, and the first Two in each List containing Twelve, to attend as Commissioners of the said Court for the Month of October; and so the like Number of Persons out of every List as they stand in Order and Rotation therein respectively, to serve as Commissioners from Month to Month during the Time for which they are chosen Commissioners.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exclude or debar any of the Persons who shall be nominated and returned for Commissioners as aforesaid (although they be not in Rotation) from sitting in the said Court, but that all such Commissioners shall and may, as often as they shall respectively think fit, sit and give Judgment therein, any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Hearing or Trial of any Action or Suit by the said Commissioners under and by virtue of this Act, the said Court shall, in case the Debt or Claim sought to be recovered shall not exceed Forty Shillings, consist of Three of the said Commissioners at the least; and if the Debt or Claim shall be above Forty Shillings, then the said Court shall consist of Five of the said Commissioners at the least

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Number of the Commissioners shall not attend to act in the Execution, of this Act as is herein directed on any of the Days appointed or to be appointed for holding the said Court then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any of the said Commissioners who shall be present and if no Commissioner be present it shall be lawful for the said Clerk for the Time being, or his Deputy, or the Assistant Clerks, to adjourn the said Court to the next Day of Meeting, or to some earlier Day.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act unless he shall at the Time of his acting be a Householder residing within the Parish which shall have elected him a Commissioner, and shall be seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of Forty Pounds dear of all Incumbrances, or be possessed of a Personal Estate of the Value of Ope thousand Pounds; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or not having taken the Oath herein-after mentioned, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign or Protection shall be allowed; and in every such. Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information

the

Clerk to summon Commissioners.

Commissioners may sit as such whenever they think fit *

Number of Commissioners to be present.

In case sufficient Number do not attend, Court may be adjourned.

Qualification of Commissioners.

C. cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Act* of Commissioners good before Conviction.

Commissioners to take the following Oath.

Commissioners to take Osth or lie disqualified.

the Proof of such Qualification shall lie on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgments, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner and Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previously to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Offence, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act (except the Power hereby given of administering Oaths to the Commissioners) until he shall have taken an Oath to the following Effect; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quaker *, Moravians, or Separatists, do solemnly affirm,] That I am seised of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the yearly Value of Forty Pounds, clear of all Incumbrances [or possessed of Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, as the Case ihay be]; and that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according to the best of mv Skill and Judgment, hear and determine such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, intituled {here insert the Title of this Act], without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

So help me GOD. '

{ Or being a Quaker, Moravian, or Separatist, omit the Words So help me God.']

Which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be administered to the said Commissioners respectively by the Clerk of the said Court, or one of the Assistant Clerks, before One or more of the said Commissioners; and they the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required, after taking the said Oath or Affirmation, to sign or subscribe their respective Names upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose with the said Oath and Affirmation written or printed thereon; and such Roll or Roib shall be carefully kept among the Proceedings of the said Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner named or appointed by virtue of this Act shall neglect or refuse to qualify himself by taking the Oath or Affirmation required by this Act, and signing or subscribing his Name on the Roll or Rolls of Parchment herein-before mentioned, within Six Calendar Months from the Date of his Election or Appointment, such Commissioner so neglecting or refusing shall be disqualified and be incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that such Commissioner shall not be dis» qualified or incapable of acting if he shall be re-elected by the Vestrymen of his Parish in any subsequent Year, and shall afterwards take the Oath or Affirmation required by this Act, and shall then sign or subscribe his Name on the Roll or Rolls of Parchment provided for that Purpose.

9

6« & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii.

815

XII. And be it farther enacted, That no Person who shall act as a Commissioner of the said Court shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned or interested in the supplying of any Articles for the Use of the Place or House in which the said Court shall be held, or in any Repairs, Improvements, Fittings, or Furniture of the same, or in any Contract or Contracts for the supplying any such Articles or performing any such Works respectively; and in case any Commissioner shall be directly or indirectly concerned or interested in the supplying of any Articles for the Use of the Said Court, or in any Repairs, Improvements, Fittings, or Furniture of the same, or in any Contract or Contracts for the supplying any such Articles or performing any such Works respectively, every such Commissioner so acting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign or Protection shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful at every Court or Meeting of the Commissioners for the Commissioners then present to appoint a Chairman; and the said Chairman, in case of an equal Number of Votes, including such Chairman's Vote, on any Question or Matter brought before the said Court or Meeting, shall have a second or deciding Vote.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause to be made a Seal with the Words " Westminster Court of Requests " thereon, and shall cause to be sealed or stamped therewith all Processes, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Court; all which said Processes, Orders, and Proceedings, sealed as aforesaid, and having the Name or Names of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court written or printed thereon, shall be received as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, without any further Proof; and no such Process, Order, or Proceeding shall be valid or have any Force or Effect, unless the same shall be so sealed or stamped, and have the Name or Names of the Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made fair and regular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Purpose of all Judgments, Acts, Orders, Directions, Rules, and Regulations and Proceedings of them the said Commissioners relative to the Execution of the several Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act, and also the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at their respective Courts and Meetings; and such Entries and such Book or Books shall be signed by the Chairman of each respective Court and Meeting, and sealed or stamped in his Presence by the Clerk; and such Entries, when so signed and stamped, shall be received in Evidence in Proof of the Proceedings of the said Court, in all Court9 whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That John Hodgson and Christopher Cuff shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed joint Clerks of the said Court of Requests during their respective good Behaviour who shall and are hereby empowered

and

No Commissioner to be concerned in the Supply of any Articles for the Use of the Court.

Appointment of Chaimuui«

A Common Seal to be made, and affixed to all Orders, &e.

Commissioners to enter their Proceedings in a Book.

Present Clerks to continue in Office.

916

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cornmniioners to be 8 Corporate Body for certain Por-poae

Actions and Suits may be commenced in the Name of the Clerk.

and required to issue out and register all Summonses, Subpoenas, Warrants, Precepts, Acts, Orders, Decrees, Judgments, Attachments, and Proceedings of the said Court, and shall keep proper Books wherein shall be entered and registered all Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, and Proceedings of the same Court; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of either of them, then the remaining one shall be Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall continue to carry into execution all the Powers and Authorities vested in the said Clerk; and upon the Death, Resignation, or Removal of such remaining Clerk, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to proceed to elect another Clerk in manner herein mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to require the said joint Clerks, and their Successors, to give such Security for the due Performance of their Office as the said Commissioners from Time to Time shall think fit to require.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to purchase, hire, or take on Lease any Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of converting them into or erecting thereon or using the same as a Court House and other Offices; and all such Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased, hired, or taken on Lease shall be conveyed, demised, and assured to " The Commissioners of the Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth theretoand the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby empowered to accept, take, and hold, in the Nature of a Body Corporate, all such Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments; and such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to enter* into all Contracts, and make and execute all Deeds, and give and take all Securities relative to the said Court, by and in their said Name and Title of M Commissioners of the Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto."

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Suits to be commenced or instituted by or on behalf of the said Commissioners shall and lawfully may be commenced or instituted and prosecuted in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, or of any One of the said Commissioners, as a nominal Plaintiff for or on behalf of the said Commissioners; and all Actions or Suits to be commenced or instituted against the said Commissioners shall be commenced, instituted, and prosecuted against their Clerk, or against any One of the said Commissioners for the Time being, as the nominal Defendant; and no Action or Suit which may be so commenced, instituted, or prosecuted by or against the said Commissioners, in the Name of their Clerk or of any One of the said Commissioners, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Resignation, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk or Commissioner, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk or Commissioner done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Commissioners, but such Clerk or Commissioner shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in *every such Action or Suit: Provided always, that in all Cases in which the Clerk of the said Commissioners, or any One of the said Commissioners as

6 aforesaid,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. cxxxvii,

817

aforesaid, shall be the Plaintiff or Defendant on the Record in any Action or Proceeding in which in effect the said Commissioners shall be suing or be sued, pleading or impleaded, in the Name of such Clerk or of any such Commissioner as aforesaid, such Clerk or such Commissioner, as the Case may be, may and shall, if not otherwise interested, be a good and competent Witness in any such Action or Proceeding either for or against the said Commissioner; and all Affidavits of Debt or Service which may be necessary to be made in reference to any such Action or Proceeding may be lawfully made by such Clerk or by such Commissioner, as the Case may be, notwithstanding he shall be nominal Plaintiff or Defendant on the Record as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Clerk or Commissioner in whose Name as such nominal Plaintiff any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted by the said Commissioners, or against whom as such nominal Defendant any Action shall be commenced or prosecuted, shall by reason thereof be liable to or become chargeable with any Costs, Damages, or Expences, but that every Plaintiff suing the said Commissioners in the Name of their said Clerk or any One of the said Commissioners shall, on obtaining Judgment in any such Action or Suit, have the like Remedies for Satisfaction thereof as if the said Commissioners had been made Defendants in such Action or Suit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Clerk for the General Meet-Time being shall summon any and every General Meeting of the *?£ of Commia-said Commissioners to be holden for any of the Purposes of this Act by causing a printed or written Notice, mentioning the Time £, onse* being* and Place of such intended Meeting, together with the Purposes issued by the for which such Meeting is to be held, to be left at the respective Clerk.

Places of Abode of the said Commissioners Three clear Days at least before such Meeting is to be holden; and that no Business shall be done at such General Meeting until Forty Commissioners at least are present; and each and every such General Meeting shall and may be adjourned from Time to Time as the major Part of the Commissioners present shall deem proper: Provided also, Special General th"' it shall and may be lawful for any Five or more of the said Meetings may Commissioners at any Time, by Notice in Writing signed by them, be called, to require a Special General Meeting of the said Commissioners to be called for the Purpose to be mentioned by them in such Notice, which Notice shall be addressed to the Clerk of the said Court, and be left for him at the Office of the said Court Nine clear Days at least before such intended Meeting; and thereupon the said Clerk shall cause such Notice to be given to all the Commissioners to attend such Meeting for the Purpose mentioned in such Notice as is herein directed as to the usual and ordinary General Meetings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That at any Special General Powers to make Meeting to be convened as aforesaid the said Commissioners or J*11!*8 *5

the major Part of them shall and may make Rules, Orders, and Conductor the Regulations for the better Management, Conduct, and Practice of Court, the said Court, and also for the Government and Direction of the several and respective Clerks, including the Chief Clerk or Clerks,

High Bailiff, Assistant Bailiffs, Court Keepers, and all other Officers and Persons employed in and about the said Court, and 6 & 7 Gul. IV. 3 G also

C.cxXHvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Power to dismiss the Clerks.

Books to be handed over to Commissioner?.

High Bailiff of Westminster to be the Chief Bailiff* of the Court-

Duty of the Bailiff and his Officers.

also as to the keeping the Accounts, and the Entries of the several Proceedings of the said Court, and all other Matters relating thereto, and from Time to Time, at any Meeting or Meetings to be convened in the Manner and as herein-before mentioned, to. vary, alter, extepd, amend, or annul the said Rules, Orders, and Regulations relating to or in any Manner concerning the several Matters aforesaid, or of any or either of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That at any. such Special General Meeting as aforesaid, to be convened for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for. the said Commissioners or the major Part of them at such Meeting to dismiss, remove, or suspend both or either of the said Clerks, upon Proof being given to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at such Meeting, of the Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty of such .Clerks or Clerk.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That, every Person who shall have any Book, Paper, Writing or Document of and belonging to. the said Court of Requests established by Authority of the *above-recited Acts, or either of them, shall and he is hereby required, within Two Calendar Months after the Commissioners to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act shall have been nominated and appointed, to hand over and deliver every such Book, Paper, Waiting, or Document to such Commissioners, which said Books, Papers, Writings, or Documents ghal) and they are hereby declared to be the Property of the said Commissioners for the Time being.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Person who for the Time being shall hold and execute the Office of High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster shall be the Chief Bailiff of the Court constituted by this Act, and shall, at least for the Space of One Hour, attend at every Sitting of the said Court, and at all General and Special Meetings of the said Commissioners, except only upon reasonable Cause of Absence to the Satisfaction of and to be allowed by the said Commissioners, in which Case the Deputy of the said High Bailiff, lawfully appointed, shall attend the said Court in like Manner; and that the said High Bailiff shall, by himself or his Deputy or Assistant Bailiffs, such Assistant Bailiffs to be appointed by him subject to the Restrictions herein-, after contained, and to be paid by the said Commissioners as herein-after mentioned, serve and execute all Summonses, Subpoenas, Orders, Warrants, Attachments, Executions, and other Processes and Proceedings of the said Court; and that the said High Bailiff, his Deputy and his Assistant Bailiffs respectively, shall, in the Execution of their Duties, be subject to the Order, Control, and Direction of the said Court, and to all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall from Time to Time be made by the said Court or the said Commissioners under the Powers herein contained; and that the said High Bailiff shall be chargeable with and be liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall be. received by him, or his said Deputy, or any of his said Assistant Bailiffs, by virtue or under colour of the Process of the said Court or of this Act, and shall duly account for and pay the same as the said Court shall from Time to Time order and direct, and shall in all other respects be responsible for the Acts,

Neglects,

A.D. 1836. 6° & T* GULIELMI IV. C.exxxvii. 819

Neglects, Omissions, and Defaults of himself, his Deputy and his said Assistant Bailiffs respectively, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as Sheriffs are by the Laws and Usages now in force within that Part of the United Kingdom of (Trent Britain and Ireland called England responsible for the Acts, Neglects, Omissions, and Defaults of themselves, their Bailiffs and other Officers.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said High Bailiff, and he is hereby fully authorized and empowered, by any Writing under his Hand, from Time to Time, but subject to the Restrictions herein expressed, to nominate a sufficient Number of aide, fit, and proper Persons to be the Assistant Bailiffs of the said High Bailiff jo attend the Court constituted by this Act, and also to assist in serving and executing all Summonses, Subpoenas, Orders, Warrants, Attachments, Executions, and other Processes and Proceedings of the said Court, and upon the Death, Resignation, Dismissal, or Removal of any such Person or Persons, to appoint another or others in the Place or Stead of the Person or Persons so dying, resigning, dismissed, or removed; and every such Assistant Bailiff who shall be so appointed by the said High Bailiff shall be subject to the Order, Control, and Direction of the said Court, and to all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall from Time to Time be made by the said Court or the said Commissioners under the Powers herein contained, and shall abo be subject to Suspension and to Dismission by the Court, in the Manner herein-after expressed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower the said High Bailiff to appoint or retain more than Three such Assistant Bailiffs at the same Time, except with the express Assent of a Majority of the Commissioners assembled at a Special Meeting convened under the Provisions of this Act for the express Purpose of considering the Expediency of such Appointment.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being acting in the Execution of this Act, and they are hereby directed and required, to order and direct and cause to be paid to the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall hold and execute the Office of High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster, and to each of his Assistant Bailiffs appointed as aforesaid, from and out of the Fees by this Act authorized to be demanded and received for or in respect of the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court, such Salaries as are herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) to the said High Bailiff the annual Sum of Two hundred and fifty Pounds, to commence from the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act, and to be thenceforth paid by quarterly Portions on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, other than as herein-after is specially provided for; and to each of the said High Bailiff's Assistant Bailiffs a weekly Salary in the Discretion of the said Commissioners, not being less than at and after the Rate of Eighty Pounds per Annum for each such Assistant Bailiff, the Payment to each such Assistant Bailiff to commence upon and from that Monday which shall first happen next after that Court Day on which the

3 G 2 Appointment

High Bailiff to appoint Assistant Bailiffs or Bailiff's Officers of the Court.

For the Payment of the High Bailiff and of his Assistant Bailiffs.

890

Upon the Death or Resignation of the High Bailiff the Salary to cease, and another Officer to be appointed pending the Vacancy *

Penalty on High Bailiff for Neglect of Duty.

C.cxxxvii. 6 & IV- A.D. 1836.

Appointment of such Assistant Bailiff shall be deposited by him with the Clerk of the said Court (who is hereby required to retain and preserve the same with the other Records of the said Court) , and thenceforth be paid to him respectively on Monday in every Week, also without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever other than as herein-after specially provided for, so long aa he shall retain his said Appointment, and execute all the Duties belonging or incident thereto; and the Salaries to be so paid to the said High Bailiff and his said Assistant Bailiffs respectively shall be paid to and received by them respectively as a full and complete Payment, Recompence, and Satisfaction for the due and faithful Execution of all Duties and Services which they respectively are or shall be required to perform in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter the Office of High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster shall become vacant by Death, Resignation, or otherwise, the Salary herein-before directed to be paid to the said High Bailiff shall cease to be payable during the Time such Office shall be vacant; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be convened for that Purpose, to nominate and appoint such fit and proper Persons or Person to execute the Process of the said Court as aforesaid during the Time of such vacant Office of High Bailiff, and to pay to such Persons and Person, out of the Fund applicable to the Payment of the Salary of the High Bailiff for the Time being, such Salary, during the Time he or they shall be so employed during such Vacancy as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners at such Meeting shall from Time to Time deem meet, and shall determine and direct-XIXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said High Bailiff for the Time being shall at any Time or Times refuse or neglect to perform all or any of the Duties hereby imposed upon him, or shall otherwise misbehave himself in the Execution of his Office, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners present at any Meeting or Court under the Authority of this Act, or the major Part of them, the Number present not being less than Three, to inquire into and determine such Offence, and upon Proof thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, to impose such Fine or Forfeiture upon the said High Bailiff, not exceeding Ten Pounds for each Offence* as the said Commissioners shall deem adequate, and to order the said High Bailiff to pay to the Chief Clerk of the said Commissioners such Fine; all such Fines to be accounted for and applied in the same Manner as any Fees hereby authorized to be demanded and received in respect of any Proceedings of the said Court are directed to be applied; and in case of Nonpayment of any such Fine and Fines by the said High Bailiff, it shall be lawful to. and for the said Commissioners to deduct and retain the same from the Salary hereby authorized to be paid out of the Fees to such High Bailiff as aforesaid: Provided always, that in all Cases when. the said Commissioners shall, under the Authority of this Act, Impose and order any Fine or Fines upon the said High Bailiff it shall and

A.D. 1836.

. 6° & 7* GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii.

821

and may be lawful to and for the said High Bailiff to appeal to any Two Justice* of the Peace acting for the County of Middlesex^ who are hereby authorized to hear and determine such Matter of Appeal, and make such Order thereon as to them shall seem just and reasonable.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Assistant Bailiffs from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or any or either of them, shall take, demand, accept, or receive any Sum or Sums of Money or Gratuity for or relating to or connected with the Duty to be performed by him or them respectively under the Provisions of this Act, or if they, or any or either of them, shall at any Time or Times refuse or neglect to perform his or their Duty as such Assistant Bailiffs, or otherwise act contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or in disobedience of any or either of the Rules, Orders, and Regulations to be made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners sitting in Court, or any Three of them, for each and every Offence, and upon due Proof thereof upon Oath as aforesaid to the Satisfaction of the said last-mentioned Commissioners, to fine and order such Assistant Bailiffs to pay to the Chief Clerk of the said Court any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; all such Fine and Fines to be accounted for by the said Clerk and applied under the Directions of the Commissioners for the general Purposes of this Act; and unless such Fine and Fines shall be paid within Two Days after the same shall be imposed and ordered as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for any Three of the said Commissioners to suspend such Assistant Bailiffs from the further Execution of his Office, and Payment of any Salary to him as aforesaid, until the Payment of such Fines and the further Order of the said Court

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if upon Complaint made by any Person or Persons of the Misbehaviour of any or either of the said Assistant Bailiffs it shall appear to the Commissioners present at any Sitting of the Court, or a Majority of them, that such Assistant Bailiff deserves a greater Punishment than before provided, it shall and may be lawful for the said last-mentioned Commissioners to direct a General Meeting of the said Commissioners to be convened, to take the Conduct of such Assistant Bailiff into consideration; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or the major Part of them present at such Meeting, upon Proof of such Misbehaviour upon Oath as before mentioned, to dismiss or remove such Assistant Bailiff; and the said Chief Clerk shall from Time to Time and at all Times, when any Dismissal or Removal shall take place as aforesaid, give Notice in Writing thereof to the said High Bailiff, who is hereby authorized and required, upon the Determination of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to fill up such Office or Offices within One Calendar Month from the Time of serving such Notice; and in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said High Bailiff from Time to Time and as often and when any and every such Dismissal or Removal shall so take place* and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Cominis-

3 G 3 sioners,

Penalty for taking greater Fees than those allowed by the Court.

A General Meeting of Commissioners to be called if . the Assistant Bailiffs conduct themselves improperly.

822

Ccuxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Appointment of Officen.

Clerk to account quarterly.

sionera, or the major Part of them, at a Meeting to be convened for that Purpose, to nominate and appoint a fit add proper Person or Persons as such Assistant Bailiff or Boilifis in die Hoorn of the Person or Persons so dismissed or removed as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at a Meeting for that Purpose convened, to nominate and appoint, during his and their good Behaviour, such other fit and proper Person or Persons as Assistant Clerks, Criers, and other Officers, as may appear to the said Commissioners or the major Part of them then present to be requisite few carrying any of the Purposes of this Act into execution; and every such Clerk, Assistant Clerics, Crier, or other Officer shall be subject to the Pains and Penalties of Removal, and to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations herein expressed and hereby authorized to be made; and when and as often as it shall happen that the Office or Offices of any Assistant Clerks, Criers, or other Officer shall become vacant, either through Death or Resignation, or Suspension, Dismissal, Removal, or Incapacity, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, assembled at a Meeting to be convened for that Purpose, as soon as conveniently may be after such Vacancy shall happen, to nominate and appoint another fit and proper Person or Persons to be Clerk, Crier, or other Officer during his and their good Behaviour, to be in like Manner subject to the Pains and Penalties and Powers of Removal, and to the Rules and Regulations herein expressed or authorized to be made; and every such Nomination and Appointment of any Officer or Officers of the said Court of Requests shall be authenticated by Writing under the Hand and Seal of the Chairman of the Meeting; and the Production thereof shall in all Cases be deemed sufficient Evidence of the Nomination and Appointment to the Office therein mentioned, without further or other Proof whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That on the first usual Day of holding the said Court in the Months of January, April, July, and October in every Year* after the passing of this Act, an Account in Writing of all Fees and Emoluments whatsoever received or made by the Clerk hereby appointed, or his Successor, and also an Account in Writing of the Cash paid into Court or otherwise received, and taken out of the same by the Suitors (so that the Surplus of Cash then remaining in the Hands of the Clerks and belonging to the said Suitors may clearly appear) , made up to the last Day of the preceding Month inclusive, shall be given on solemn Declaration by the said Clerk hereby appointed, or his Successor, before the Commissioners then sitting in Court, or any Three of them; and such Account, so verified and made up, shall be left with and belong to the said Commissioners, and shall be sealed and filed by them, and be deemed public Documents or Records belonging to the said Court, and as such shall and may foe given in Evidence by or on behalf of the said Commissioners or Suitors in any other Court or Place; and if the Amount of Fees and Emoluments taken or received by the said Clerk, together with the Surplus of Cash then remaining in the Hands of the said Clerk as aforesaid, shallexceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

A.D. 183A. 6° 8t 7* GULIELMI IV. C.oaavit

Founds, the Balance shall from Time to Time be paid into the Bank of England to an Account to be entitled " The Account of the Commissioners of the Court of Requests for the City and Liberty of Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto," and that no Sum of Money shall be drawn out of the said Bank, except by a Check to be signed by Three of the said Commissioners, and countersigned by the said Clerk: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to take away from the Commissioners, at any General or Special Meeting, the Power to call upon their Clerk or other Officers to produce or make out any Account or Accounts of Monies which may have passed through his or their Hands.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said Court for the Time being to nominate a Deputy to act for the Clerk of the said Court; and such Deputy in the Absence of the said Clerk shall have the same Authority as if the Clerk himself was personally present, and shall from Time to Time be displaceable and removeable and shall accordingly be displaced and removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said Commissioners for the Time being; and such Deputy is hereby empowered and required, in the Absence of the said Clerk, to issue all Summonses, Subpoenas, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the said Court, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed and required to be done by the said Clerk by virtue of the said Act, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of what Nature or Kind soever: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to allow the said joint Clerks or their Successors to absent themselves from any Court or any General or Special Meeting of the said Commissioners without the Consent of Three or more of the siaid Commissioners sitting in the Execution of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court and the Deputy Clerk shall do and perform all such Acts, Matters, and Things relative to the said Court as he or they shall be directed or appointed by the said Commissioners to do and perform.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, at the Times of rendering the Accounts of the Clerk as herein-before directed, or at any Adjournment thereof, to pay out of the Monies in their Hands the Rent and Taxes of the said Court House and Offices, and all Salaries and other Disbursements and Expences relative to the said Court and for the Purposes of carrying this Act into effect.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Clerks, Assistant Clerks, Criers, Officers, and other Persons appointed in manner herein-before mentioned shall be and are hereby authorized and required to do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by this Act or by the said Commissioners; and the said Commissioners may and

3 G 4 are

Commissioners may appoint Deputy Clerk.

Clerk and Deputy to do all Things ordered by Commissioners,

Commissioners to pay Rent, Salaries, and Expences of the Court.

Clerks, &c. to do all Matters required.

Security to be taken from Clerks, &c.

m *

Compensation to Counsel of Marshalsea and Palace Court.

What Debts shall be decided by the Commissioners.

Certain Debts to which this Act is not to extend.

C.cxxxvii. 6°&7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

are hereby empowered to take sufficient Security from every rack Clerk, Crier, Assistant Clerk, Officer, and other Person as they may think necessary for the due and faithful Execution of his Office.

XXXVI. And whereas the Four Counsel of the Court of the Marshalsea and Court of His Majesty's Palace of Westminster,

who hold their Offices for the Terms of their natural Lives respectively, will sustain Loss by this Act, unless a Compensation shall be made to them for the same: And whereas Compensation has been given to the Four Counsel of the said Courts for the Time being by former Acts of the like Nature be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioners of the said Court of Requests hereby constituted for the Time being shall and they are hereby required, out of the Fees hereby established and to be received and taken, to pay or cause to be paid unto Henry James Ross, Stephen Gazelee, Thomas Collett, and Peter Stafford Carey, Esquires, the present Counsel of the said Court of the Marshalsea and Court of His Majesty's Palace of Westminster, as a Compensation for the Loss they will sustain in their Offices by this Act, the yearly Sum of Twenty Pounds respectively of lawful Money of Great Britain, by equal quarterly Payments on the Tenth Day of January, the Tenth Day of April, the Tenth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in each and every Year, so long as they shall respectively hold their said Office of Counsel and as such practise in the said Court

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and enabled, to decide and determine all Disputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds in all Actions or Causes of Debt, except as hereinafter is mentioned.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Court to entertain or determine any Dispute or Difference Whatsoever in respect of any Act done in the Execution or Discharge of any Public Office or Employ, or in respect of any Liability or supposed Liability implied in or inferred from the holding of such Office or Employment, or arising therefrom or in consequence thereof, or to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or Real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Yean, not being a Lease by Parol, of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Read whatsoever, shall be brought or come in question, or for any Sum being the Balance of any Account originally exceeding Five Pounds, except as herein-after mentioned, nor to any other Debt which shall arise by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition by or by way of Retainder of Tithes, or for or by reason of any Bye Law, or to any Debt for Tolls or Customs due to any Corporation or Company, or in anywise relating to the Franchises, Privilege *, or chartered Rights of any other Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Premium or any Policy of Insurance.

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. cxxxvii.

C85

XXXIX. And for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests, be it further enacted and declared, That all Defendants in the said Court shall be allowed to plead or claim any Statute of Limitation now in force or hereafter to be made; and every Defendant so pleading or claiming shall have and receive such and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he, she, or they had been sued for the same Debt or other Cause of Action in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where a Debt not exceeding Five Pounds shall be contracted for Necessaries by any Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and residing or inhabiting or employed as Clerk, Officer, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, or Labourer, or otherwise seeking or obtaining a Livelihood within the City and Liberty of Westminster or that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and such Debt would be recoverable against such Person by an Action for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons to whom such Debt shall be due to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court in the same Manner as if the Person by whom the Debt shall be contracted were of full Age; and that in every Case where any Wages or other Debt or Debts, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, shall be due to any Menial Servant or other Person under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall be lawful for such Servant or other Person to sue for and recover such Debt or Debts in the said Court in the same Manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners are hereby fully authorized and required in such Case to take cognizance of and proceed concerning such Debt in the same Manner, and shall have such and the same Powers in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff and Defendant were of full Age.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or restrain any Person or Persons from making Distress or bringing any Action or Actions whatsoever for Rent, and thereby recovering such Rent with Costs, although the same Rent shall not amount to the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable any Plaintiff to split or divide any Cause of Action for Recovery of any Debt or Demand where the whole Sum that shall appear to .be due and owing shall amount to more than Five Pounds, in order that the same may be made the Ground of Two or more Actions, Causes, or Matters in controversy for the Purpose of bringing such Actions, Causes, or Matters within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her Cause of Action, Debt, or Demand as aforesaid, except to bring it within the Power herein-after contained, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss, with Costs, every such Action, Cause, or Matter so split or divided; but such Dismissal shall not'hinder or

prevent

Statute of Limitations may be

pi-

Power to sue Infants in the Court of Requests for Debts contracted for Necessaries.

This Act not to prevent any Distress or Action for Rent.

For preventing the splitting or dividing of

Debts.

G'.exxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

For empowering Plaintiffs to reduce their Demand to Five Pounds, provided they accept the same in full for their respective Debts.

Debtors within Jurisdiction may be summoned before Commissioners, who shall adjudge between Parties.

prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or she might have lawfully proceeded if this Act had not been passed.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case any Plaintiff who shall have so split or divided such his or her Cause of Action, Debt, or Demand as aforesaid, or to whom the whole Sum that shall appear to be due shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, shall declare to the Commissioners that he or she is willing to accept such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled to adjudge and order to be paid in full of the Whole of such Debt or Demand in such Action or Cause, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, on such Plaintiff adducing Proof respecting his or her Debt or Demand to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, adjudge, decree, and order such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable; and such Sum shall, in the Order, Judgment, or Decree to be given by the said Commissioners, be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Action, Cause, or Matter in controversy; and the Plaintiff shall be precluded from afterwards proceeding in any other Court for or on account of such Debt.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October next after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, whether such Person or Persons shall or shall not' reside within the City and Liberty of Westminster or that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, and for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, who now have or hereafter shall have any Debt or Debts, Demand or Demands, upon any Contract or Agreement, or for or in respect of Wages or Rent or otherwise howsoever, (which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to determine, and except such as they are expressly prohibited from determining,) owing or due to or claimed or demanded by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in his, her, or thfcir own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons to whom he, she, or they shall be Executor or Adminis* trator, Guardian or Trustee, or due and owing to him as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as a Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly associated and constituted, or in any other Manner whatever (except as aforesaid) , and for which Debt or Demand he, she, or they shall claim any Sum of Money from any Person or Persons whomsoever residing or inhabiting within the said City and Liberty of Westminster or that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, or keeping or using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Counting-house, Chambers, Lodging, Office, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or employed, working, or seeking a 'Livelihood, or trading or dealing within the same City and Liberty and Part of the Duchy, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, or his Assistants, who shall make out and deliver to the said High Bailiff or his Assistant Bailiffs for the Time being a Summons written or printed, or partly written and partly printed, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them,

A.D. 183& 8° & 7° GULIELMI IV;

C.cxxxvii.

887

them, the Nature of the Demand, 'with the Name of the Party or Body demanding the same, and requiring such Debtor or Debtor* to appear, at a certain Time and Place to. be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Court to answer such Demand or Demands; and such High Bailiff or Assistant Bailifis shall in due Course serve or cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the same with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or the Master or Mistress of the House, at the Dwelling House, or at|the Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Warehouse, Counting-house, Chambers, Office, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, or Resort of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, Two clear Days at the least previous to and exclusive of the Day appointed in the said Summons for the Hearing thereof; and upon the Appearance of the Debtor or Debtors the said Commissioners present in Court (such Number not being lem than by this Act directed) are hereby empowered and required to make due Inquiry concerning such Demands, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence or Judgment thereupon, and award such reasonable Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience; and they may order and direct the Payment of any such Demands to be made either at One Sum at once, or by Instalments at stated Periods, as they shall see Cause tad deem just and reasonable; and as well the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as the Debtor or Debtors whom such Order or Orders, Decree or Decrees, Judgments, and Proceedings respectively shall concern, shall duly perform, observe, and keep the same; and for the better Discovery of the Truth and mofe solemn Determination of the Matters and Causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners present in the said Court to administer an Oath or Oaths to any Officer or Officers of the said Court, or to all or any of the Parties, or his, her, or their Agent or other Person appearing on his, her, or their Behalf, whom they the said Commissioners shall think proper to examine touching the Matters then in question, and also to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem necessary toward the hearing or determining of any of the said Actions or Causes, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite to the Execution of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before the said Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summons, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court, after Proof made to the Satisfaction of the said Court of the Service of the said Summons, to make such Order, Attachment, Decree, or Judgment therein as to them shall seem just and equitable, and to appoint some certain Time and Place according to their Discretion for such Debtor or Debtors to show Cause before the said Commissioners against such Order, Decree, or Judgment so pronounced ex parte as aforesaid; at which Time and Place, or any subsequent Court or Courts, it shall be lawful for the said Courts whether

If any Debtor does not appear when summoned Commissioncrsmay proceed *

£88

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1836.

Restricting Evidence on Trial of Causes and Actions.

No Action removeable by Certiorari *

How Persona may be summoned from whom Debts shall be jointly due.

Attorneys not exempt from the Jurisdiction of the Court.

No Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, or Practiser of the Law, to be an Advocate in the Court.

such Debtor or Debtors shall then appear and show Cause or not, upon Proof made that a Copy of such Order, Decree, or Judgment had been given to such Debtor or Debtors, or left with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or the Master or Mistress of the House, at the Dwelling House, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Warehouse, Counting-house, Chambers, Office, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, or resorting of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to make and pronounce such final Order, Judgment, or Decree therein, and to award such reasonable Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem most agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff, on the Trial of any such Action or Cause as aforesaid, of any Demand except such as is stated in the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, on the Trial of such Action or Cause, of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set-off to lessen or discharge himself, herself, or themselves from the said Action or Cause, unless Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk of the said Court, or left for him at the Office of the said Court.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Orders, Decrees, Judgments, or other Proceedings made or taken by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act shall be removed or removeable into any other Court by Certiorari or otherwise howsoever.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due, owing, or demanded from any Two or more Peiioos jointly, the like Service of any such Summons as aforesaid on or for any One of such Two or more joint Debtors shall be as good and sufficient in Law as if each of them were separately summoned as aforesaid.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, on account of his being an Attorney or Solicitor or any other Officer of any Court of Law or Equity at Westminster, or of any other Court whatsoever; but that all Attorneys, Solicitors, and Officers shall be subject to the several Processes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Persons are subject to the same by this Act or otherwise.

L. And be it further enacted, That no such Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or any Person practising the Law shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant or any other Person, to speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness; and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener shall appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself

L

A.D. 1836.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii.

himself a Party or Witness, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, on being convicted thereof before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer, or on his own Confession; and in case such Sum of Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum of Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus, if any, to such Offender, after deducting such Fine or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges; of such Distress and Sale; and such Fine or Forfeiture, when so paid and levied or recovered, shall be distributed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any For compelling Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Action, the Attendance Cause, or Question hereafter depending in the said Court of of Witnesses. Requests, to serve or cause to be served any Person or Persons residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Court with a Subpoena to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, either personally or by leaving the same at the last or most usual Place or respective Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, to appear as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in the said Court in or concerning any such Action, Cause, or Question; and in case any Person residing or being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after being duly served as aforesaid with such Subpoena, shall refuse or neglect to appear pursuant to such Subpoena, due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena, and no sufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court, or if such Person or Persons so subpoenaed and appearing shall refuse to be examined upon Oath and to give Evidence as aforesaid before such Commissioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in any of the said Cases every such Person so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be awarded by the said Commissioners; and if any Person or Persons so offending shall not forthwith pay into the said Court the Penalty or Forfeiture so imposed upon him, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and cause such Person or Persons to be apprehended by the said High Bailiff or any of his Assistant Bailiffs, and committed to any Prison in the said City, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Seven Days, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid; and every such Penalty or Forfeiture as last mentioned which shall be received by virtue of this Act shall thereupon (after deducting the reasonable Costs and Charges of apprehending and taking such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting) be paid over into the Hands

of

C. qxxxvii,

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. AJX18S6.

Adjourning the Determination of any Cause to a future Day.

For punishing Persons guilty of Pttjury.

Clerk not to issue Summons until Deposit is made.

of the Churchwardens or Oversea!* of the Poor of the Pariah wherein the Person or Persons respectively paying the same shall the Time of his, her, or their Neglect or Refusal to appear to give Evidence as aforesaid inhabit, dwell, or seek a Livelihood, and shall be applied towards the Support and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish *

LIL. And be it further enacted, 'That in ease and when and so often as for] the Want of the Attendance of any Witness or Witnesses, or for Want of any Deeds, Instruments, Writings, or other Documents, or written, printed, or other Evidence, or on account of Illness or Absence of any Parties or otherwise, the said Commissioners shall be unable to examine and determine to their full Satisfaction any particular Action, Cause, or Matter in controversy coming before them in the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to adjourn or postpone such Cause or Matter in controversy from Time to Time as they shall think proper and direct: Provided always, that at the Time of such Adjournment or Postponement a Day shall be fixed for the further hearing of such Action, Cause, or Matter.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall make Oath or give Evidence in any Action, Cause, or Question depending in the said Court of Requests, whereby he, she, or they shall commit wilful and corrupt Perjury, and thereof be duly convicted according to Law, then every such Person or Persons shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as any ether Person or Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That no Clerk of the said Court shall issue any Summons for any Debt exceeding Forty Shillings unless the Plaintiff shall at the Time of issuing out such Summons deposit with the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, for every Debt exceeding Forty Shillings and not exceeding Sixty Shillings, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and for every Debt exceeding Sixty Shillings and not exceeding Five Pounds, the Sum of Five Shillings; and if upon the Day of the Return of any such Summons, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Action or Cause for or on account of which the said Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demand to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonsuited, or Judgment shall be pronounced against him, her, or them by the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court, and they are hereby required, to award to the Defendant or Defendants a Part or the Whole of such Deposit Money by way of Costs and Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, together with such further Sum as they the said Court in their Discretion shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay such further Sum by such Ways and Means as any Debt or Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court can or may be recovered; and if there shall be any Overplus remaining in the Hands of the said Clerk after the Sum or Sums awarded to the Defendant or Defendants shall have been paid, or if the Plaintiff

8 or

.6° & T° GUL3ELMI IV. Gcxxxvli,

981

qt Plaintiff? shall on the Return Day of any such Summons appear and make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, or that the Debt has been settled or paid, then and in every such Case such Overplus or Sum or Sums of Money so deposited with the said Clerk as aforesaid shall be by the said Clerk returned and repaid into the Hands of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs accordingly: Provided also, that in case such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, at the Time of such Judgment of the said Commissioners, or at any Time afterwards, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, then it shall be lawful for the said High Bailiff or any Assistant Bailiff of the said Court to apply to any Justice of the Peace acting for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and upon Proof being made upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) of the Precept of Execution having issued against such Person or Persons, or Effects, as the Case may be, such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to sign and endorse the said Precept of Execution or Attachment, and thereupon the said High Bailiff or Assistant Bailiff shall have the Hke Powers and Authorities to execute the said Precept or Attachment as are herein-after provided in case any Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, shall, after final Judgment given in the said Court, be removed out of the Jurisdiction thereof

LV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Commissioners Time during the Hearing of any Action or Cause in the said may suspend Court appear, by the Oath of any Person or Persons, to the Satis- Proceedings in faction of the major Part of the Commissioners present at the W*are ill Court at which such Action or Cause shall be heard, that such o/umible to* Debtor or Debtors is or are unable from Sickness or unavoidable pay the Debt. Accident to pay and discharge the Debt or Debts for which he, she, or they shall have been so summoned, then it shall be lawful for the major Part of the said Commissioners, assembled at any such Court or Courts as aforesaid, to suspend or supersede the Proceedings in such Action or Cause until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court that such Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay such Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in manner aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in any Action, Cause, or Commissioners Question in which the said Court shall have made an Order or may award Exe. Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall be lawful for the said cution against Court immediately, or in case of Default or Failure of Payment Goods* thereof at the Times and in the Manner thereby directed, to award Execution, with Costs, against the Goods and Chattels of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Assistants, at the Request of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for Payment of Money, to issue an Execution under his Hand to the said High Bailiff, or Assistant Bailiffs or Bailiff of the said Court, who by virtue of such Execution shall and may and is hereby empowered, by himself or Assistant Bailiffs or Bailiff, to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, such

Sum

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV.

For regulating the Sale of Goods taken in Execution.

Coats of Distress.

57 G. S.* c. 93.

Execution against the Body may issue after an Execution against the Goods.

In case Parties shall secrete their Goods or abscond.

C. cxxxvii.

A.D. 1836.

Sum and Sums of Money and Costs as shall be so ordered; decreed, or adjudged.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sale of any Goods which shall be taken under or by virtue of any Execution to be issued in manner aforesaid shall take place or be made until after the Expiration of Five Days at least next following the Day on which such Goods shall have been so taken; and in the meantime, and until any such Sale shall be made, the Goods taken by virtue of any Execution as aforesaid shall be deposited by the said Bailiffs or Bailiff taking or levying the same in some fit and convenient Place or Places to be appointed by the said Commissioners: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time, and when and as often as they shall think proper, to nominate and appoint such and so many Sworn Brokers and Appraisers for the Purpose of selling or valuing any Goods, Chattels, or Effects in execution under or by virtue of this Act, as shall appear to the said Commissioners assembled to be necessary or proper; which said Brokers and Appraisers shall be Officers of the Court, and be appointed and liable to be dismissed in like Manner as Bailiffs or other Officers.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges levied for the Distress shall not exceed the Costs and Charges specified in an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Costs of Distresses levied for Payment of small Bents.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if the said High Bailiff shall certify and make a Return thereon in Writing under his Hand, that the said Party or Parties against the Goods of whom Execution shall have been awarded hath or have no Goods or Chattels or not sufficient Goods or Chattels wherein or whereby such Levy can be made, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to award Execution, with Costs, against the Body or Bodies, Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, for the Whole or so much of such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so ordered, decreed, or adjudged as shall then remain unsatisfied; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Clerk of the said Court, or his Deputy, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Warrant under his Hand to the said High Bailiff, who shall and may and is hereby empowered, by himself or Assistant Bailiffs or Bailiff, to take such Party or Parties, who shall remain in Custody until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment, for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if after such Warrant shall have been issued against the Body or Bodies of any Party or Parties as herein-before mentioned, and before the Execution thereof, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court, at any of the Meetings thereof, that such Party or Parties had at the Time of Judgment being pronounced against him, her, or them, or at any Time afterwards, any Goods or Chattels capable of being taken in Execution by virtue of this Act, and that such Party or

Parties

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7# GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii.

Parties hath or have been guilty of secreting or removing the same, or making any fraudulent Gift, Delivery, or Transfer of the same, or that such Party or Parties hath or have absconded, or by other Means prevented the Execution of the said Warrant so issued against his, her, or their Body or Bodies as aforesaid, then and in every or any such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to award a further Execution against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, and thereupon the said Clerk or his Deputy shall, at the Prayer of the Party or Parties at whose Suit such Execution shall be awarded, issue a Warrant under his Hand, directed to the said High Bailiff, who shall and may and is hereby empowered, by himself, or Assistant Bailiffs or Bailiff, to take such Party or Parties into Custody, to be imprisoned for any Space of Time not exceeding Thirty Days; any thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Court to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Defendant or Defendants, unless the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree shall have obtained an Execution against the Goods and Chattels of the same Defendant or Defendants, and there shall have been a previous Return of No Goods thereon, in manner before mentioned, or unless the Goods sold under the Execution shall not be sufficient to defray the Sum and Sums of Money and Costs so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; in which Case any Process against the Body or Bodies of any such Defendant or Defendants shall be issued only for the Deficiency: Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the said Court, either upon the Confession of the Party or otherwise, that any Defendant or Defendants hath or have not sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Execution, the said Court shall not be required to issue any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, but it shall be lawful for the said Court and they are hereby authorized to award Execution against the Body or Bodies of such Defendant or Defendants; which said Execution shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if Execution against the Goods had been awarded in the first instance in manner herein-before mentioned.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been obtained in the said Court, and the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, shall be out of the Jurisdiction of the said Court, it shall be lawful for the High Bailiff, Assistant Bailiffs, or other Officer of the said Court to apply to any Justice of the Peace acting for the Division or Place to or in which such Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, shall be removed or be found; and upon being made upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer) of the Warrant of Execution having issued against the Person or Persons or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, but is or are believed to be within the County or District where such 6 & 7 Gul. IV. 3 H Justice

Process not to issue against the Body and Goods at the same Time.

If Defendant removes out of Jurisdiction of the Court to avoid Execution any Justice of the Peace may endorse the Warrant.

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Clerk to Insert or endorse Debt and Costa on Warrant* and if paid to the Clerk of the Court before Sale Execution to be superseded.

Limitation of the Time of Imprisonment of Debtors.

In case Defen* dant has obtained Credit under false Pretence, or has fraudulently transferred his Goods.

Justice of the Peace shall act, such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required to sign or endorse his Name upon the Back of the said Warrant, and thereupon the said High Bailiff shall be and is hereby authorized and empowered, by himself or Assistant Bailiffs or Bailiff, to take and seize the Person or Persons or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants, wheresoever the same shall be found within the County or District for which such Justice of the Peace who shall have so signed or endorsed the said Precept or Execution as aforesaid shall act, and to deal therewith in like Manner as if the same had been taken or seized within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and all Constables and other Peace Officers shall and they are hereby required to be aiding and assisting within their respective Districts in the Execution of the said Warrant so endorsed as aforesaid.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in or upon every Warrant to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods and Chattels or Body of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk of the said Court, the Deputy Clerk, or Assistant Clerks, shall insert or endorse the Sum or Sums of Money and the Costs so ordered, decreed, and adjudged; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively shall, before an actual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, she, or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the said Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, as herein mentioned, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the High Bailiff or Assistant Bailiff holding the Execution, or in case such Party or Parties shall be in Prison, to the Gaoler of the Prison, such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, or such Part thereof as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall agree to accept in full for his, her, or their Debt or Debts, together with the Costs, then and in every such Case the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at liberty, and the Officer holding the Execution, or the Gaoler (as the Case may be) , shall immediately transmit such Sum or Sums of Money to die Clerk of the said Court

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, being a Debtor or Debtors, Defendant or Defendants, who shall be committed to Gaol or Prison by Order of the said Court of Requests, shall be kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cases herein provided) for any longer Space of Time than Seven Days, and the Keeper and Keepers of any such Gaol or Prison is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Person or Persons accordingly.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Hearing of any Cause it shall appear that the Defendant or Defendants shall have under false Colour or Pretence of carrying on Business and dealing in the ordinary Course of Trade obtained Credit from the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in that Action for any Goods and Chattels with Intent to defraud the Owner thereof, or that the said Defendant or Defendants shall have made or caused to be made any fraudulent Gift, Delivery, or Transfer of any of his, her, or their Money, Securities for Money, Goods and Chattels, or other Personal Property, or shall have removed or concealed the same with Intent to defraud the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and if also Judgment

in

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii.

835

in such Action shall be given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and Default shall be made by the Defendant or Defendants in Payment of any Sum of Money ordered by such Judgment to be paid by him, her, or them, that then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, if they shall think fit so to do, to award Execution in the first instance against the Body or Bodies of the Defendant or Defendants, requiring him, her, or them to be imprisoned for any Space of Time not exceeding Thirty Days, unless the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be sooner satisfied, any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That in any Case in which any Defendant shall be committed to any Common Gaol or Prison by virtue of this Act for Want of sufficient Goods and Chattels, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think fit, to direct the Plaintiff to pay the said Defendant any Sum not exceeding Sixpence per Diem for his Support and Maintenance during his Imprisonment

LXVII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be taken in execution under or by virtue of any Process issuing from or out of the said Court and who at the Time of being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment shall have more than One Execution against him, her, or them in the said Court shall be imprisoned during the Time limited by this Act for and in respect of each other Execution; that is to say, after the limited Time is expired on the First Execution, the Imprisonment shall commence on the Second Execution, and after the limited Time is expired on the Second Execution, the Imprisonment shall commence on the Third Execution, and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time limited by this Act for and in respect of each other separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court previously to his her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Fees taken and

received in the said Court for and in respect of the several Proceedings hereby authorized, and for the Services of the respective Officers and their Successors, should be vested in the Commissioners for the Time being, and that Power should be given

to the Commissioners to fix and limit the said Fees, and from Time to Time to lessen, reduce, or abolish any of such Fees, so 1 as from Time to Time to bring in or produce yearly as near as

may be sufficient to pay all Costs, Charges, and Expences

attending the carrying this Act into effect; be it therefore enacted, That the several Fees herein-after limited and expressed shall be and are hereby authorized and directed to be taken and received by the said Commissioners and their Officers, and such Fees are hereby declared to be vested in the said Commissioners for the Time being, for the Purposes of this Act; (that is to say,)

Allowance to Defendant! for Support in Prison.

Time of Imprisonment to extend to every Execution where more than One.

Regulating

Fees.

3 H 2

Summons

836

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Fees to be we-pended or reduced if more than sufficient to pay Salaries and Expences.

On Debts not On Debts

exceeding 40*. above 40*.

1. d. S. <L

Summons and Service thereof 1 0 2 0

Order Nisi and Service 0 10 2 0

Hearing, calling the Parties into Court, l 1 6 © o

and Entry - J A V

Postponement of the Cause or Hearing, \ 1 c o n

or Dismissal thereof - -J X u i u

Execution - 2 6 3 6

On receiving Money out of Court, on l o fL 1 0

First Payment - J

Every subsequent receiving of Money l out of Court - - J Paying of every Sum of Money into* Court (the Defendant chargeable on > 0 2 0 4

0 6 1 0

the First Payment only) - - J

Nonsuit where Plaintiff does not attend 0 4 0 6

- - 0 6 1 0

LXIX. Provided always, and be it furthe# enacted, That if at any Time hereafter it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, present at a Meeting to be convened for that Purpose, that the Amount of Fees taken and received upon an Average of the Three preceding Years shall considerably exceed the Salaries payable to the said Clerk, Deputy Clerks, 'Court Keepers, and all other Officers of the said Court, and other Persons employed under the Authority of this Act in and about the Business of the said Court, and also the necessary usual and customary Outgoings, Charges, Payments, and Expences incurred or paid in and by the said Court and duly allowed, then the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, present at a General Meeting to be summoned and held for such Purpose, shall and may order and direct the said Fees and Emoluments, or such of them or any Part or Parts thereof respectively as they shall deem expedient, to be suspended or lessened and reduced, so as from Time to Time the Fees to be allowed by the said Commissioners bring in and produce yearly such Sum and Sums of Money as may in their Judgment be sufficient for the several Salaries, Outgoings, Charges, Payments, and Expences as aforesaid, or as near thereto as may be; and if any Time or Times after such Suspension or Reduction of Fees the Business and Proceedings of the said Court shall not so bring in or produce sufficient Sums of Money for Payment of the said respective Salaries, customary Outgoings, Charges, Payments, and necessary Expences, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, present at any Meeting or Meetings from Time to Time to be convened for that Purpose, to reduce the Salaries of the said Clerk, Deputy Clerks, and all other Officers of the said Court, or to increase or restore or alter the said several Fees, or any or either of them, so as they shall not nor do at any Time

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii. 837

on any Account or Pretence whatever exceed the Fees herein set forth and allowed to be taken.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Time being of the New Prison Tothill Fields, in the said City and Liberty of Westminster, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to receive and take into his or their Custody respectively all and every Person and Persons who shall be committed or ordered to stand committed by the said Commissioners; and in case the Keeper or Keepers of the said Prison respectively shall neglect or refuse to receive or take into his or their Custody any Person or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or shall before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his or their Custody discharge such Person or Persons out of his or their Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing from the said Court, and signed by the said Clerk for the Time being, such Keeper or Keepers respectively so offending in either of the said Cases, and being thereof convicted before One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said City and Liberty of Westminster, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) , or upon his or their own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Debt or Debts and Costs for which such Person or Persons shall have been committed to the Custody of such Keeper or Keepers, and also any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Salaries to be paid and payable out of the Fees to be received and hereby vested in the Commissioners under and by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, after Payment of the Expences of the Court House and other incidental Expences relating thereto, shall be as follows, the respective Amount to be from Time to Time determined by the Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at a Meeting to be convened for such Purpose; to each of the Chief Clerks a Sum not exceeding Four hundred and fifty Pounds nor less than Three hundred Pounds per Annum, and in the event of only One Chief Clerk being appointed, then a Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds and not less than Three hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum; and that such respective Salaries shall and the same are hereby directed to be paid, out of the Fees hereby vested as aforesaid, quarterly; and after the Payment thereof the said Commissioners shall likewise pay to each and every Deputy and Assistant Clerk, Crier, and other Officers and Persons appointed and employed in and about the said Court and the Business thereof, such respective Salaries and Wages as the Commissioners or the major Part of them at a General Meeting shall from Time to Time determine, direct, and appoint.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to lay and invest, or to order and direct to be laid out and invested, all Sum and Sums of Money which shall come into their Hands or under their Control by virtue of this Act in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or of other Government Securities, in the

Penalty on Keeper of Prison neglecting his Duty.

For the Payment of the Salaries to the Officers.

For the Investment of unclaimed Money.

838

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

New Trustees to be appointed in case of Death, &c.

Assistant Clerk, Crier, or other Officer neglecting his Duty.

joint Names of any Four Persons to be from Time to Time chosen

Sthe said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at a General eeting; and if any Person entitled to any of the Money so laid out and invested shall, before the Expiration of Ten Years from the Time of the same having been received or paid into Court, demand the same of the said Commissioners, they or any Five of them in Court shall and are hereby required to order the Money so claimed to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the same, and, if necessary so to do, shall make an Order on the said Trustees to sell a sufficient Sum to pay the same, who shall sell the same accordingly, and pay the Produce to the Clerk, to be by him paid to such Claimant or Claimants; and all Dividends and annual Produce of the said Stock or Securities, and also so much of the said Stock or Securities as shall from Time to Time become irreclaimable under this Act, or as shall have been purchased by Money arising from Fees, shall be paid and applied and sold and disposed of by Order of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, at a General Meeting, towards Payment and Satisfaction of the Expences attending the Court and Offices, and in insuring and keeping the same in repair, and in defraying all Rent and Expences attending the same, or of building or hiring a new Court or Courts, or towards the Payment of any of the Expences relating to the Purposes of this Act, any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any One or more of the said Trustees in whom or in whose Names the said Monies shall by the Authority of this Act be laid out and invested respectively as aforesaid shall happen to die, or become bankrupt or insolvent, or cease to reside within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, or be desirous of being discharged from or become incapable to act in the said Trust, the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, .at the next General Meeting to be held as by this Act is directed, shall and are hereby required by Writing under their Hands and Seals to appoint another Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Room of him or them so dying, or becoming bankrupt or insolvent, ceasing to reside, being desirous of being discharged, or becoming incapacitated as aforesaid, and thereupon such Trust Funds or Premises shall be assigned, transferred, or made over, so as to vest in such surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees and such new Trustee or Trustees jointly, who shall stand and be possessed of the said Monies so placed out and invested, and all other the said Trust Funds, Premises, or Securities, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes before mentioned of and concerning the same.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Assistant Clerk, Crier, or other Officer or Officers of the said Court shall by wilful Neglect, Omission, or Connivance cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, upon complete and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Assistant Clerk, Crier, or other Officer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii. 839

which such Execution was awarded, or such Part thereof as the said Commissioners may think proper, to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the same Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of their Debts; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby enabled, to impose any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every such Offence on such Assistant Clerk, Crier, Officer or Officers, and to levy such Fine by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Assistant Clerk, Crier, or other Officer or Officers of the said Court, rendering the Overplus (if any) , after deducting such Fine and the Cost and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said Commissioners in such Shares and Proportions and in such Manner amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court as they the said Commissioners may think fit and proper.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Deputy or Assistant Clerk, Crier, or any other Officer to be appointed by the said Commissioners employed in putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in execution, shall wilfully and knowingly exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever other than and except such Fees as are or shall be appointed and allowed to them respectively as aforesaid, for or on account of any thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into execution, every such Person so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof before the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, or upon Verdict or Judgment being had against him in such Action as next hereinafter mentioned, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within Two Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which Suit no Essoign or Protection shall be allowed.

LXXVI. And whereas under and by virtue of the said hereby recite# Acts the Monies received and paid into Court on account of and for the Suitors of the said Court have been under the Control and Managmeent of the Clerks and Officers of the said Court, there being no Provision in and by the said recited Acts for or in respect of the same: And whereas for several Years previous to the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five Edward Cary Grqjan and John Hodgson were the Clerks of the said Court, and on the Tenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five the said Edward Cary Grqjan was dismissed from the Office of Clerk, and on the Twenty-second Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-five Christopher Cuff' was elected one of the Clerks of the said Court, and the said John Hodgson and Christopher Cuff are now the Clerks thereof be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to release the said John Hodgson and Christopher Cuff, or either of them, from the Payment of or Liability to the Suitors of the said Court for and in respect of all

Penalty on Officers taking any Fee besides the Fees allowed.

Liabilities of the present Clerks to continue.

840

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

A List to be made out of unclaimed Sums.

For supporting the Dignity of the Court and preventing Insults.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Sum and Sums of Money recovered during their respective Clerk* ships under and by virtue of the said recited Acts; but the said John Hodgson and Christopher Cuff shall respectively remain liable to the Payment and Satisfaction thereof in the same Manner as if this Act had not passed.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall and he is hereby required, in the Month of October in every Year, to make out and lay before the said Commissioners a correct List of all Sums of Money which shall have been paid into Court or received by him after the passing of this Act, and which shall have remained unreclaimed for the Space of Six Calendar Months, or for any longer Period next before the making out such List, and the said List shall also contain the Names of the Parties having paid such Sum or Sums of Money, and also the Names of the Parties for whom and on whose Account the same was or were so paid into Court and received; and any Sums which may have been received since the passing of this Act, and have remained unclaimed for the Space of Ten Years, shall be applied in the same Manner as Fees received in the said Court

LXXVIII. And for the more effectually maintaining the Dignity and Consequence of the said Court, and to protect the Commissioners, Clerks, and Officers of the said Court from Insult, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all or any of the said Commissioners, Clerks, or Officers of the said Court for the Time being, dunng his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the High Bailiff, Assistant Clerks, Bailiffs, Criers, or other Officer or Officers of the said Court, with or without the Assistance of any other Person or Persons, by the Order of the said Commissioners then sitting, or any Three or more of them, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and carry him, her, or them before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the City of Westminster or County of Middlesex (such Justice or Justices not then being a Comiussioner or Commissioners of the said Court) , to answer for such Offence; and upon the Fact alleged being duly proved upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witnesses against him, her, or them, then and in such Case the said Justice or Justices shall proceed to punish such Offender or Offenders by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, provided that the Fine on any One Person do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and that the Imprisonment be not for any longer Space of Time than Seven Days.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed, shall, on Proof of the Offences respectively before any Five or more of the Commissioners, by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.cxxxvii. 841

Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Commissioners; and the Overplus (if any) , after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, are deducted, shall be returned, upon Demand, unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively, when paid and levied (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act) , shall be from Time to Time paid, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Clerk to the Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests; and in case such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines respectively shall not be paid forthwith upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained m safe Custody until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, unless the said Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners for his, her, or their Appearance before them or him on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant or Warrants of Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security such Commissioners are and is hereby empowered to take, by way of Recognizance or otherwise, as to them or him shall seem right and proper; but if upon Return of such Warrant or Warrants no sufficient Distress can be had thereupon, or in case it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners, either by the Confession of the Offender or Offenders or otherwise, that he, she, or they hath not nor have Goods and Chattels within the Jurisdiction of such Commissioners whereon to levy all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, Costs and Charges, such Commissioners may, at their or his Discretion, without issuing any Warrant of Distress, commit the Offender or Offenders to the New Prison Tothill Fields, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month nor less than Seven Days, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which by this Act any Penalty or Forfeiture is made recoverable by Information before any Commissioners, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners to whom Complaint shall be made of any Offence against this Act to summon before them or him the Party complained against, on such Summons to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof of the Offence to convict the Offender, and to adjudge him or her to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same, although no Information in Writing shall have been exhibited before them or him; and all such Proceedings by Summons, without Information in Writing, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if an Information in Writing had been exhibited.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

Commissioners may proceed by Summons in the Recovery of Penalties.

Form of Conviction.

' BE

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Distress not unlawful for Want of Form, nor removeable by Certiorari.

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

Plaintiffs not to recover without Notice or after Tender of Amends.

Limitation of Actions.

< "RE it remembered, That on this Day of

in the Year of the Reign of

' A-B. is convicted before us of the Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the City and Liberty of

Westminster and that Part of the Duchy of Lancaster which adjoineth thereto, of having [or the Offence may be']; and we the said Commissioners do adjudge him (her or them] to forfeit and ' pay for the same the Sum of . Given under

our Hands and Seals the Day and Year aforesaid. '

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party or Parties so distrained, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Case.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Decree, Judgment, or other Proceeding made touching and concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or the Conviction of any of the Offender or Offenders of or against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari' or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, and also to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Commissioners, Ten Days before such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to bring Money into Court.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act alter Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County where the Cause of

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. cxxxvii.

843

Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if any such Action shall be brought before Ten Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Amends, Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs should be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit for any Debt not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, and recoverable by virtue of this Act in the said Court of Request^ shall be brought against any Person residing or inhabiting within the Jurisdiction thereof in any other Court whatsoever: Pnmded always, that nothing herein contained shall destroy, limit, or prejudice the Jurisdiction of His Majesty's Courts of Raoord at IFesf-minster or other Courts in Cases wherein the Debts shall exceed the Sum of Forty Shillings; but the said Courts respectively shall have the same rowers, Privileges, and Jurisdiction as they had before the passing of this Act

LXXXVII. And for the move solemn Determination of the Causes and Matters which shall be depending in or inquired into by the Court hereby established, or relating to any of the Matters aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to administer an Oath to the Plaintiff or Defendant, and to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced to give Evidence in the said Court, and also to all Clerks, Deputy Clerks, Assistant Clerks, High Bailiff, Assistant Bailiffs, and other Officers and Persons, for or concerning any Business or Inquiry relative thereunto, if the said Commissioners or any Three of them shall think it meet.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That throughout this Act, wherever the Word Clerk (in reference to the Chief Clerk or Clerks of the said Court) shall be used, the same shall be construed to include both the Persons (so long as there shall be Two) appointed to and acting in the Office of Clerk of the said Court.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying the Expences incident to and attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, at their First or any subsequent Meeting or Meetings, in such Manner as they shall think proper, to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they or any such Five or more of them shall think fit, and they or any such Five or more of them are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Hands

14 and

Concuxnvt

Juriotfetion.

Commissioners to administer Oaths, &c

Interpretation of Act.

For paying Expences of Act.

844

C.cxxxvii.

6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

This Act to cease on the passing of any General Act.

[Public Act.]

and Seals, to enter into and execute such Security or Securities as may be required by any Person or Persons for the several Sums of Money as shall be so borrowed, with Interest for the same; and the Time or Times of such Sum or Sums being so borrowed shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Court; and for raising a Fund for paying off such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Interest in respect thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court to deduct and retain by and out of the Monies to be recovered for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any Suit or Action to be commenced in the said Court any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Sixpence when the Amount of such Debt recovered shall amount to the Sum of One Pound, and any Sum or Sums not exceeding One Shilling when the Amount of such Debt recovered shall amount to the Sum of Two Pounds, and any Sum or Sums not exceeding One Shilling and Sixpence when the Amount of such [Debt recovered shall amount to the Sum of Three Pounds, and any Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings when the Amount of such Debt recovered shall amount to the Sum of Four Pounds; and such respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be payable and paid in all Cases by such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs after Suit or Action commenced, whether the Amount of such Debt or Debts shall be paid into or levied under the Process of the Court, or shall be paid, secured, or settled by the Defendant or Defendants unto or with the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; which Sum or Sums so to be raised as aforesaid the Clerk of the said Court is hereby required to keep an Account of, and pay over from Time to Time to any Five or more of the said Commissioners assembled in Court, for the Purpose of applying the same in Liquidation of or paying off such Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed, and the Interest thereof, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences incident to and attending the preparing, obtaining, and passing this Act.

XC. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after any General Act shall be passed for the Recovery of Small Debts, and the Operation of which General Act shall extend to the said City and Liberty, every Clause, Matter, and Thing in this Act contained which shall extend or be construed to extend to give the Commissioners hereby appointed any such local or separate Jurisdiction shall cease and determine.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Annies-land Toll Bar to Saint George's Road, and Branch Roads therewith connected, all in the County of Lanark, (b)

[19th August 1836.]

[Powers of 1 & 2 W. 4. c. 43. (except as altered) extended to this Act, § 1. Tolls to be paid but once a Dag for passing and returning on same Dag through same Gate, § 20.]

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C. 1-8. 845

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAT BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by " the several Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty, duly " authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and il that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted u as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hardwick in the County of Cambridge.

[18th March 1886.]

[Allotment to be made for Materials for Roads, $ S3 .; and to the Lords of the Manor for Rights of Soil, f 34 .; and to the Rector in lieu of Glebe Lands and Rights of Common, $ 35.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wootton in the County of Bedford.

[30th March 1836.]

[Allotment to be made for Materials for Roads, § 35 .; and to the Lords of Manors for Right of Soil, § 36 .; and to Rector and Vicar in lieu of Glebe, § § 37, 38 .; and Tithes, § 39. Vicar, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Months after passing of Act, § 66.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Orwell in the County of Cambridge, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish.

[30th March 1836.]

[.Allotment to be made to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, $ 33 .; and to the Rector in lieu of Glelye and Rights of Common, and Tithes, § § 34, 35. Rectors Allotments to be fenced at the general Expence, § 42. Rector, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Months after passing of Act, § 43.2

846

Pr. C.\-9. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. C.p. 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Runcton in the County of Norfolk.

[19th Map 1836.]

[Compensation to be made to Lords of Manor* for Rights of Soil, § 35. Allotment to be made to S. Gee, Esq. in lieu of Right of Sheepwalk, § 36 .; and to Mrs. Hudson of Part of Hardwick Green, f 37.]

Cap. 5.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alveston in the County of Gloucester, and in the Tithing of Toehmgton Upper in the Parish of Oheston in the same County.

[19th Mag 1836.] [Allotment to be made for Materials for Roads, § 33 .; and to Persons entitled to Right of Soil, § 37. Saving the Rights of Lords of Manors, § 71.]

Cap. 6.

4 W 4.115. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for inclosing certain Lands within the Parish of Alstonefidd in the County of Stafford.

[19th Mag 1836.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands within the Parish and Manor of Godmanstone in the County of Dorset.

[19th May 1836.]

[Allotments to be made for Watering Places, and Stone, ChaOt, Gravel, and SandPits, and for depositing Manure and Rubbish, $f<u, § 35 .; and to Lord of the Manor for Right if Soil, § 36 .; and to the Rector for Glebe and Common Rights, § 37. Rectors Allotments to be fenced at the general Expence, $ 47. Manorial Rights reserved, § 69.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Parish of Stepingleg in the County of Bedford.

[20th May 1836.]

[Allotments to be made for Materials for Roads, § 27 .; and to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil, § 28 .; and to the Rector for Glebe and Tithes, ff 29, SO. Rectors Allotments to be fenced at the general Expence, j 44. Rector, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Months after passing of Act, § 47. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor, § 71.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for settling and securing certain Parts and Portions of the Lands and Estate of Delvine in the County of Perth to and in favour of Sir John Muir Mackenzie Baronet, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by certain Deeds of Entail made by George Muir Esquire, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained therein; and for vesting in lieu thereof the Lands and Estate of Cassencarie and others lying in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. Pr. C. 9-15,

and Counties of Dumfries and Wigton in the said Sir John Muir Mackenzie, and his Hein and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

---

[7th June 1836.]

Cap. 10.

An Act to authorize the Sale of One Fourth Part or Share of a certain Tenement and Farm called Limehurst, in the Parish of Ashton under Line in the County of Lancaster, late belonging to John Gartside of Haugh in the Parish of Rochdale in the said County of Lancaster, Yeoman, deceased, and for laying out the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[7th June 1836.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of South Petherton in the County of Somerset.

[7th June 1836.]

[Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of South Petherton, §44.]

Cap. 12.

An Act to enable Francis Earl of Moray to borrow a certain Sum of Money upon the Security of certain of his Entailed Estates, for Repayment to him of a Portion of the Monies laid out by him in the Improvement of these Estates.

[21st June 1836.]

Cap. 13.

An Act to enable the Reverend James White and the Persons for the Time being entitled to certain Estates situate in the Parish of Bonchurch in the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton, devised by the Will of Charles Fitzmaurice Hill Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases.

[21st June 1836.]

Cap. 14.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for vesting the Lands and Barony of Dryden, and certain other Entailed Estates of Sir Charles Macdonald Lockhart Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to be entailed in a similar Manner; to regulate the Manner of holding the said Estates; and to grant Powers of feuing to the Heirs of Entail.

[4th July 1836.]

[3 G. 4. c. 12. to remain in force except as altered, §19.]

Cap. 15.

An Act to vest a Part of the Entailed Estate of Milliken in the County of Renfrew in Trustees, to sell the same, and apply the Price thereof, or the Securities to be granted thereon, towards satisfying the Debts affecting the said Entailed Estate, and the Debt contracted for Money laid out in the Improvement of the same.

[4th July 1836.]

848 Pr. C. 16-22. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cap. 16.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty Lands in the Parishes of Marsh Baldon and Tool JBaldon in the County of Oxford.

[4th July 1836.]

[Allotments to be made to Lords of Manors for Rights of Soil, §28.: and for Materials for Roads, §29.; and to Sir H. Willoughby in lieu of Glebe and Tithes, §§41, 42.; and to the Trustees of the Poor, §45. Allotments for Glebe and Tithes to be fenced at the general Expence, §50.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to enable the Trustees of Bowdler's Blue Coat School in Shrewsbury to effect a Sale to John Jones Esquire of Estates called Trefnant and Llanerchrochwell in the Parish of Guilsfield in the County of Montgomery.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. 18.

An Act to enable the granting of Leases of certain Parts of the Estates and Hereditaments of which the Right Honourable Henry Nevill Earl of Abergavenny is seised as Tenant in Tail Male under an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Philip and Queen Mary, and under the Limitations in the Will of George Lord Abergavenny in the said Act of Philip and Mary mentioned.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for enabling James Edward Bradshaw Esquire and others to grant Leases of certain Estates in the County Palatine of Lancaster, devised by the Will of John Bradshaw Esquire, deceased.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. 20.

An Act for consolidating the Rectories of Alford and Hornblotton in the County of Somerset, and for settling the Advowson of such consolidated Rectory; and also for rectifying a Settlement made in pursuance of the Will of the late John Thring Esquire, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, of Estates in the County of Somerset; and for other Purposes.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. 21.

An Act for empowering the Governors [and Corporation of Etwall Hospital and Repton Free School in the County of Derby to sell certain Parts of their Estates in the same County, and to lay out the Monies arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be conveyed to the same Uses.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for authorizing the Sale of a Part of the Estates devised by the Wills of John Walker Heneage Esquire and Arabella Walker Heneage, and for investing the Produce in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[4th July 1836.]

A.D. 1836. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. Pr. C. 23-30. 849

Cap. 23.

An Act for enabling the Earl of Courtown and the Trustees of his Marriage Settlement to grant Building Leases of Part of his Settled Estates in Ireland.

[4th July 1836.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for confirming a certain Lease granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Christ's Hospital, and for extending the Powers to grant Building Leases given to them by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth.

[14th July 1836.]

Cap. 25.

An Act to explain and extend the Powers of the Governors of the Hospital in Edinburgh, founded by George Heriot, Jeweller to King James the Sixth.

[14th July 1836.]

Cap. 26.

An Act for enabling Franz Anton Bernhardt to assign to a Company, and for enabling them to purchase and carry into effect the Purposes of a Patent granted to him for warming and ventilating Buildings; and for other Purposes.

[28th July 1836.]

Cap. 27.

An Act to vest Part of the Entailed Estate of Skibo and others in the County of Sutherland in Trustees in Fee Simple, for Sale, and to raise a further Sum of Money by Loan, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

[28th July 1836.]

Cap. 28.

An Act to enable Sir John Ogilvy Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Caimie and others, lying in the County of Forfar, to grant Feus of certain Parts thereof.

[28th July 1836.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of Hannah Pownall Widow, deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Purchase Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses; and for authorizing the rebuilding of certain Mills on the said devised Estates, called Copley Mills, out of the Monies to arise from such Sales, and out of Monies to be raised by Mortgage of the said devised Estates remaining unsold.

[28th July 1836.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for authorizing a Sale of Glebe Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Dudley in the County of Worcester, and for other Purposes.

[28th July 1836.]

850 Pr. C. 31-35. 6° & 7° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1836.

Cap. 31.

An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Lands and Estate of Dougalston and others, situated in the Counties of Stirling and Dumbarton, which were entailed by John Glassford of Dougalston Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purpose of paying Debts and Charges affecting the Entailed Estate, and of purchasing other Lands contiguous and convenient thereto.

[28th July 1836.]

Cap. 32.

An Act to authorize Grants and long Leases for Building Purposes of an Estate in the Parish of Rochdale in the County of Lancaster, being Part of the Settled Estates of the late Charles Chadwick Esquire.

[28th July 1836.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for rendering effectual an Agreement entered into by the Dean and Chapter of Worcester for enfranchising certain Lands and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Stoke Prior in the County of Worcester, and Parcel of the Manor of Stoke Prior; and for other Purposes.

[13th August 1836.]

Cap. 34.

An Act for removing Doubts from the Title of Devisees under the Will of Eusebius Horton Esquire, deceased.

[13th August 1836.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for enabling the Right Honourable Louisa Augusta Baroness Langford to release her Husband the Right Honourable Hercules Langford Baron Langford, and his Estates in the County of Meath in Ireland, from a certain Annuity or yearly Rent-charge thereon.

[17th August 1836.]

[INDEX removed.]

