THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

1 WILLIAM IV. 1831.

LONDON:

Printed by His Majesty's Printers;

1831.

(Price 4s. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the NINTH Parliament

of

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

1° GULIELMI IV.

1. AN Act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. Page 1

2. An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria, Daughter of His late Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of her Person. Ibid.

3. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for the better Administration of Justice, so far as relates to the Essoign and General Return Days of each Term, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; and to declare the Law with regard to the Duration of the Terms in certain Cases. 6

4. An Act to render valid Acts done by the Governor of any of His Majesty's Plantations after the Expiration of his Commission by the Demise of His late Majesty, and to extend the Period within which the Patents of Governors of Colonies shall on any future Demise of the Crown become vacant, and to provide for the longer Duration of the Patents of Governors after the Demise of the Crown. 8

5. An Act to apply the Sum of One million eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 9

6. An Act to continue for the Term of Six Calendar Months all such Commissions, Appointments, Grants, or Patents of Offices or Employments, Civil or Military, as were in force at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and as have not been superseded, determined, or made void during the Reign of His present Majesty. Page 11

7. An Act for the more speedy Judgment and Execution in Actions brought in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Law as to Judgement on a Cognovit actionem in Cases of Bankruptcy. 12

8. An Act for enabling His Majesty to appoint a Postmaster General for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 15

9. An Act to apply the Sum of Five Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one. 17

10. An Act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one. 18

11. An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one. Ibid.

12. An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one. Ibid.

13. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum. Ibid.

14. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 20

15. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 54

16. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 95

17. An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Printed Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs. Ibid.

18. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, as far as regards the Settlement of the Poor by the renting and Occupation of Tenements. 99

19. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof. 100

20. An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Lands holden in Free and Common Soccage in the Province of Lower Canada. 102

21. An Act to improve the Proceedings in Prohibition and on Writs of Mandamus. 104

22. An Act to enable Courts of Law to order the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories and otherwise. 106

23. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for The Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty. Page 109

24. An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty, to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad. 112

25. An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland. 114

26. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their annual Certificates. 124

27. An Act for enabling His Majesty's Postmaster General to sell the Premises lately used as the Post Office in Lombard Street, Abchurch Lane, and Sherborne Lane, in the City of London. 130

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Highgate in the County of Middlesex, through Whetstone, to Chipping Barnet in the County of Hertford, and the Road from Chipping Barnet to the Thirteen Mile Stone near Gannick Comer in the Parish of South Mims in the said County of Middlesex. 131

ii. An Act for repairing, amending and maintaining the Roads from Marchwiel, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, to Whitchurch, and from Bangor to Malpas, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint, Chester, and Salop. Ibid.

iii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for improving the Approaches to London Bridge. 132

iv. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for regulating the Poor of the City of Bristol, and for other Purposes connected therewith. Ibid.

v. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath in the County of Middlesex, to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill in the County of Surrey. Page 132

vi. An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the Post Road near Faversham, by Bacon's Water, through Ashford, to Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Castle Street in the City of Canterbury, all in the County of Kent. Ibid.

vii. An Act for more effectually maintaining the Road from Crossford Bridge to the Town of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making a Branch Road to communicate therewith. 133

viii. An Act for repairing the Road leading from Dartford to Sevenoaks in the County of Kent. Ibid.

ix. An Act for repairing the Road from Wimborne Minster to Blandford Forum in the County of Dorset. Ibid.

x. An Act for repairing the Road from Burton Bridge in the County of Stafford to Market Bosworth in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

xi. An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham to Bromsgrove. 134

xii. An Act for repairing the Road from Measham in the County of Derby to Fieldon Bridge in the County of Warwick, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Rotherham and Mansfield Turnpike Road, at or near Clown in the County of Derby, to the Worksop and Kelham Turnpike Road at or near Budby in the County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for repairing the Watling Street Road, the Mancester and Wolvey Heath Road, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the Counties of Leicester and Warwick. 135

xv. An Act for repairing the Road from the Broken Cross in Macclesfield to Nether Table, in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xvi. An Act to authorize the raising of further Monies for supplying the Town of Manchester with Gas. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Lower Saint Cross Mill Lane, on the Road from the City of Winchester to Southampton, to Park Gate, on the Road from Southampton to Gosport, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xviii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Albion Street, in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, to Bunch Lane in or near the Village of Bishops Cleeve in the said County, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Evesham in the County of Worcester to the said Town of Cheltenham. 136

xix. An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for establishing and well-governing the Institution called "The School for the Indigent Blind," and for incorporating the Subscribers thereto, and the better enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs. Ibid.

xx. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of King George the Third, for enlarging the Churchyard belonging to r the Parish of Saint Martin in the Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick, and for providing an additional Cemetery or Burial Ground for the Use of the said Parish. Page 136

xxi. An Act for the better assessing and recovering of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and of the Ecclesiastical or Church Rates upon small Tenements, within the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 137

xxii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money to defray the outstanding Claims in respect of the building the Crypt and Tower to the additional Church erected in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen Bermondsey in the County of Surrey, and of inclosing the Burial Ground thereof. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for building a Church or Chapel, with a Cemetery to the same, in the Township of Liscard in the Parish of Wallasey in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for erecting a Chapel in the Parish of Saint Leonards within the Liberty of the Town and Port of Hastings in the County of Sussex, for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants of the said Parish and of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen within the said Liberty and County. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Pier or Jetty, and other Works, at Herne Bay in the Parish of Heme in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for more effectually draining certain Fen Lands and Wet Grounds called the Great West Fen, in the Parish of Hilgay in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for improving the Drainage of the Lands lying in the North Level, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and in Great Portsand in the Manor of Crowland, and for providing a Navigation between Clows Cross and the Nene Outfall Cut. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for more effectually amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford in the County of Surrey, through Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone at Carpenter's Heath, and from thence to a Bridge, near the Blue Bell Inn, over Houndleys Water, at the Boundary of the said County of Surrey. 138

xxix. An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from and out of the Road leading from Quebec in Leeds to Home-field Lane End in Wortley, to communicate with the Road leading from Huddersfield to Birstal at the Coach and Horses Public House in Birstal in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for amending and maintaining the Roads from Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and from Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall to Ireland's Cross near Woore in the County of Salop, and from Bridgford aforesaid to the Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, and from the Village of Knighton to the Turnpike Road leading from Stone to Woore aforesaid. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for amending and improving the Road from the Town of Stone to Gaol Gate in the Borough of Stafford, and from Green Gate in the said Borough, through Dunston and Penkridge, to Streetway Road in the Road leading to Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford. Page 138

xxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the City of Norwich to North Walsham in the County of Norfolk. 139

xxxiii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Stopham Bridge in the Parish of Pulborough to the Direction Post in the Parish of Steyning on the Turnpike Road leading from Steyning to Horsham in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Liverpool to Preston in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wakefield to Aberford in the County of York. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Lemsford Mills in the Parish of Bishops Hatfield, through Welwyn and Stevenage, to Hitchin, and from Welwyn through Codicot, to Hitchin aforesaid, all in the County of Hertford. 140

xxxvii. An Act for repairing, improving, and maintaining the Roads from Bury through Haslingden to Blackburn and Whalley, and other Roads communicating therewith, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making a new Piece of Road also to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from the Leicester and Welford Road, near Foston Lane, to the Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby-de-la-Zouch; and for repairing Hunt's Lane and Wood Lane, in the Parishes of Desford and Newbold in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Burton-upon-Trent in the County of Stafford to Abbott's Bromley, otherwise Bagot's Bromley, in the said County. 141

xl. An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Coventry to Stoney Stanton in the County of Leicester, to unite with the present Turnpike Road there leading through Narborough to the Borough of Leicester. Ibid.

xli. An Act for repairing the Road from the City of Coventry to Over Whitacre in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xlii. An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the Road over Horley Common in the County of Surrey to a Place called Black Corner, and from thence to the Brighthelmstone Turnpike Road at Cuckfield in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the new Bridge over the Water of Almond, on the Confines of the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow, to Baillieston in the County of Lanark, and certain Branch Roads connected therewith. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for improving the Road from the Red House near Doncaster to the South Side of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to Weeland, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York. 142

xlv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road leading from the High Road between Bromley and Farnborough in the County of Kent to Beggars Bush in the Turnpike Road leading from Tonbridge Wells to Maresfield in the County of Sussex. Page 142

xlvi. An Act for improving and maintaining several Roads leading to and from the Town of Walsall in the County of Stafford. 143

xlvii. An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the North Side of the Quarry House in the Township of Perry Barr in the County of Stafford to the Brook which divides the Parishes of Aston juxta Birmingham and Birmingham in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act to alter and amend the several Acts now in force for the assessing, collecting, and levying of County Rates, so far as the same relate to the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for better supplying with Water the several Hamlets of Beard, Ollerset, Thornset, and Whittle, in the Parish of Glossop in the County of Derby. 144

l. An Act for making the River Waveney navigable for Ships and other Seaborne Vessels from Rosehall Fleet to the Mouth of Oulton Dyke; and for making and maintaining a navigable Cut from the said River at Carlton Shares Mill into the said Dyke leading to Oulton Broad in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

li. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Liverpool and Manchester Railway. Ibid.

lii. An Act for better supplying with Water the several Townships of Hyde, Werneth, and Newton, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

liii. An Act for embanking, draining, improving, and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds lying in the Parish of Yaxley in the County of Huntingdon called "The Undrained Fen." Ibid.

liv. An Act to enlarge and amend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal, and to better supply the said Canal with Water. 145

lv. An Act to consolidate and extend the Powers and Provisions of the several Acts relating to the Navigation from the Trent to the Mersey. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Borough of Wigan to the Borough of Preston, both in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and collateral Branches to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for taking down the Parish Church of Great Marlow in the County of Buckingham, and for rebuilding the same on or near the present Site thereof. 146

lviii. An Act for more effectually keeping in repair several Roads in the County of Carmarthen usually called the Llandovery District of the Lampeter Roads, and for making and maintaining certain new Lines of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

lix. An Act for more effectually keeping in repair the Roads from Ludlowfach to the Town of Llandovery, and from thence to the River Amman in the County of Carmarthen, and several other Roads in the said County communicating therewith, and for making new Branches of Road in the same County and in the County of Glamorgan. Page 146

lx. An Act for maintaining the Road from Enfield Chase in the County of Middlesex to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford. 147

lxi. An Act for maintaining and improving the Road from Titchfield to Cosham in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads called "The Pucklechurch or Lower District of Roads" in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for repairing the Turnpike Road from the Salutation Inn to Christian Malford Bridge in the County of Wilts, called The Draycot or Upper District; and for disuniting the said Road from a certain other Road called The Pucklechurch Lower District, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and keeping in repair the Road from Carlowrie Bridge on the River Almond to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avon, and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow. 148

lxv. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bishopsgate Bridge in the City of Norwich to the Caister Causeway in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads in and near the Town of Bruton, and other Roads in the Counties of Somerset and Wilts, and for making and maintaining Two other Roads communicating therewith. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, and otherwise improving the Road from the South-east End of the Town of Loughborough in the County of Leicester, commencing at South Field Lane, to the South End of Cavendish Bridge in the same County. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for consolidating the Trusts of the several Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of Cheadle in the County of Stafford, and for making Deviations and new Branches to and from the same. 149

lxix. An Act to amend an Act of the Seventh and Eighth Years of His late Majesty, for the more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Roads in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

lxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent to the Cross Ways at or near Marefield Street, and from Florence Farm to Forest Row in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Lands within the Parish of Piddlehinton in the County of Dorset. Page 151

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Compton Bassett in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

3. An Act for assisting the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Christ, Canterbury, to take down and rebuild the North-western Tower of the same Church. 152

4. An Act to enable the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Worcester, and his Successors, to grant Leases of certain Hereditaments belonging to the Episcopal See of Worcester, situate, arising, or growing within the Parish of Ripple in the County of Worcester. Ibid.

5. An Act to effect an Exchange between the Chancellor, Masters, and Scholars of the University of Cambridge, and the Master, Fellows, and Scholars of the College or Hall of the Holy Trinity commonly called Trinity Hall, in the same University, of Lands situate in the Parish of Saint Andrew the Less in the Town of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge; and for authorizing the Removal of the present Botanic Garden of the said University to a new and more eligible Site; and for other Purposes. Ibid.

6. An Act for rendering valid the Supplementary Award of the Commissioners under an Act of the Fifty-ninth Year of King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Alvingham in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

7. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milverton in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

8. An Act to relieve the Right Honourable Robert Grosvenor from certain Penalties incurred by sitting and voting in the House of Commons without having conformed to the Laws in such Case made and provided.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Maiden Newton in the County of Dorset.

10. An Act for naturalizing John Thomas Peniche.

[Adverts removed.]

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GULIELMI IV. Britanniarum Regis, Primo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-sixth Day of October, Anno Domini 1830, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILLIAM the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland King, Defender of the Faith: being the First Session of the Ninth Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to apply the Sum of Three Millions out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[10th December 1830.]

CAP. II.

An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria, Daughter of His late Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of Her Person.

[23d December 1830.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS Your Majesty, impelled by the deep Solicitude which Your Majesty feels for the Welfare of Your People, was graciously pleased to recommend from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament that they should take into their immediate Consideration the Provisions which it might be advisable to make for the Exercise of the Royal Authority in case it should please Almighty God to terminate Your Majesty's Life (for the long Continuance of which we offer up our most fervent Prayers to Heaven) before Your Majesty's Successor should have arrived at Years of Maturity, and that Your Majesty would be prepared to concur with Your Two Houses of Parliament in the Adoption of those Measures which might appear best calculated to maintain unimpaired the Stability and Dignity of Your Crown, and thereby to strengthen the Securities by which the Civil and Religious Liberties of Your Majesty's People are guarded: And whereas in return for this paternal Goodness, with the most cordial Sense of Duty and Gratitude to Your

2 C. 2. 1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1830.

Majesty for the tender Concern and Regard so uniformly and now more especially demonstrated for the Happiness of Your People, and for the Security of their Civil and Religious Liberties, we have taken this important Business into our Consideration, and, being thoroughly convinced of the Wisdom and Expediency of what Your Majesty has thought fit to recommend, are firmly and zealously determined to contribute every thing in our Power upon this Occasion to maintain unimpaired the Stability and Dignity of Your Majesty's Crown, and to confirm the Securities which guard our Civil and Religious Liberties: We therefore, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The Duchess of Kent to be the Guardian of the Princess Alexandrina Victoria until of Age, if at the Demise of His Majesty there shall be no living Issue of Her present Majesty; and during such Minority to exercise the Regal Power and Government.]

That if at the Demise of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve) there shall be no Issue of His said Majesty then living born of Her present Majesty, and Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria shall be then living, and under the Age of Eighteen Years, Her Royal Highness Victoria Maria Louisa Duchess of Kent shall be the Guardian, and have the Care, Tuition, and Education of the Person of Her said Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria, until Her said Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria shall attain the Age of Eighteen Years, and shall, till such Age, have the Disposition, Ordering, and Management of all Matters and Things relating thereto; and Her said Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent shall, during such Minority, but no longer, have full Power and Authority, in the Name of Her said Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria, and in Her Stead, and under the Style and Title of Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to exercise and administer, according to the Laws and Constitution thereof, the Regal Power and Government of this Realm, and all the Dominions, Countries, and Territories to the Crown of the said United Kingdom belonging, and shall use, execute, and perform all Prerogatives, Authorities, and Acts of Government which belong to the King or Queen of this Realm to use, execute, or perform, according to the Laws thereof, but in such Manner, and subject to such Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Regulations, as are hereinafter for that Purpose specified, mentioned, and contained:

[Proviso, if a Child of His Majesty should be born after His Demise.]

Provided always, that if, after the Demise of His said Majesty, a Child of His said Majesty should be born of Her said Majesty, all the Power and Authority by this Act given and granted to Her said Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent shall, upon the Birth of such Child, cease and determine.

[If there shall not be any Child living born of Her Majesty, the Privy Council to cause Her Royal Highness to be proclaimed as Sovereign.]

II. And be it further enacted, That if at the Demise of His said Majesty, leaving Her said Majesty Him surviving, there shall not be any Child of His said Majesty then living born of Her said Majesty, and Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria shall be then living, the Privy Council shall forthwith cause Her said Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria to be openly and solemnly proclaimed as Sovereign of this Realm, in

A.D. 1830. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 2. 3

such Manner and Form as the preceding Kings and Queens respectively have been usually proclaimed after the Demise of their respective Predecessors, but subject to and saving the Rights of any Issue of His said Majesty which may afterwards be born of Her said Majesty;

[Saving Rights of Issue of His Majesty.]

and in every Case in which by Law an Oath or Declaration or Assurance of Allegiance to the Sovereign, or asserting the Title of the Sovereign, is required to be taken, made, or subscribed, there shall be added to such Oath, Declaration, and Assurance the Words following: — "Saving the Rights of any Issue of His late Majesty King William the Fourth which may be born of His late Majesty's Consort;" which Addition shall be continued until Parliament shall otherwise order.

[If at the Death of His Majesty there shall not be any Child living, and a Child shall afterwards be born, Her Majesty shall be the Guardian during its Minority, and exercise the Regal Power.]

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the Demise of His said Majesty there shall not be any Child of His said Majesty then living born of Her said Majesty, and Her said Majesty shall survive His said Majesty, and a Child of His said Majesty shall after the Death of His said Majesty be born of Her said Majesty, in such Case Her said Majesty shall be the Guardian, and have the Care, Tuition, and Education of the Person of such Child, until such Child shall attain the Age of Eighteen Years, and shall, till such Age, have the Disposition, Ordering, and Management of all Matters and Things relating thereto; and Her said Majesty shall, during such Minority and no longer, have full Power and Authority, in the Name of such Child, and in his or her Stead, and under the Style and Title of Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to exercise and administer, according to the Laws and Constitution thereof, the Regal Power and Government of this Realm, and all the Dominions, Countries, and Territories to the Crown thereof belonging; and shall use, execute, and perform all Prerogatives, Authorities, and Acts of Government and Administration of Government which belong to the King or Queen of this Realm to use, execute, and perform, according to the Laws thereof, but in such Manner, and subject to such Conditions, Restrictions, Limitations, and Regulations, as are hereinafter for that Purpose specified, mentioned, and contained.

[The Privy Council to cause such Child to be proclaimed.]

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Privy Council shall, upon the Birth of such Child, without Delay, cause such Child, as the Successor entitled to the Crown of these Realms, to be openly and solemnly proclaimed, in such Manner and Form as the Kings and Queens have been usually proclaimed after the Demise of their respective Predecessors.

[In case of the Birth of such Child the Houses of Parliament shall meet, &c.]

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Birth of such Child the Two Houses of Parliament shall forthwith assemble, and all the Laws and Regulations now in force in regard to the Meeting, the Sitting, the Continuance, the Prorogation, and the Dissolution of Parliament, and to the Continuance of the Privy Council, and of Persons in their Offices, Places, and Employments, upon the Demise of the Crown and the Accession of the Successor, shall be deemed and taken to apply to the Succession of such Child, in the same Manner as if such Child had succeeded to the Crown upon the Demise of Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandrina Victoria, and as Her Heir.

4 C. 2. 1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1830.

[All Acts of Regal Power executed during such Regency without Consent declared null.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Acts of Regal Power, Prerogative, Government, or Administration of Government, of what Nature or Kind soever, which shall be done or executed during the Regency established by this Act, otherwise than by and with the Consent and Authority of the said Regent for the Time being, in the Manner and according to the Directions of this Act set forth and prescribed, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

[Oaths to be taken by the Regent.]

---

Privy Council to administer the same.

The Regent to make the Declaration required by SO Car. 2. st.2. and produce a Certificate of having received the Sacrament.

Prohibiting the Marriage of such King or Queen before 18 Years of

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Regent, before she shall act or enter upon her said Office of Regent, or within One Calendar Month after, shall take the following Oaths; (that is to say,)

I A.B. do solemnly promise and swear, That I will truly and

I faithfully execute the Office of Regent of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, according to an Act of Parliament made in the First Year of His Majesty King William the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Administration of the Government in case the Crown should descend to Her Royal Highness the Princess Alexandria Victoria, Daughter of His late Royal Highness the Duke of Kent, being under the Age of Eighteen Years, and for the Care and Guardianship of Her Person; and that I will administer the Government of this Realm, and of all the Dominions thereunto belonging, according to the Laws, Customs, and Statutes thereof; and will in all Things, to the utmost of My Power and Ability, consult and i maintain the Safety, Honour, and Dignity of His or Her (as the Case shall require) Majesty, and the Welfare of His or Her (as

the Case shall require) People. So help me GOD. '

I DO faithfully promise and swear, That I will inviolably maintain and preserve the Settlement of the true Protestant 1 Religion, with the Government, Discipline, Rights, and Privileges of the Church of Scotland, as established by Law.

So help me GOD.'

Which Oaths shall be taken before the Privy Council then in being, who are hereby required and empowered to administer the same, and to enter the sajne in the Council Books.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Regent shall, at the Time of Her taking such Oaths as aforesaid, and before the Members of the Privy Council administering the same, make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the Declaration mentioned in an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preserving the Kings Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either House of Parliament, and shall produce a Certificate of Her having received the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper in any of the Royal Chapels, signed by the Persons administering the same, which Certificate shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Regent's having received the Sacrament; and such Declaration and Certificate shall respectively be registered in the Books of the Privy Council.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful for the King or Queen of this Realm, for whom a Regent is hereby appointed, to intermarry before His or Her Age of Eighteen Years with any Person whomsoever,

1° GULIELMI IV. C.

S

without the Consent in Writing of the Regent; and every Mar- Age without riage so had without such Consent shall be null and void to all In- Consent, tents and Purposes; and every Person who shall be acting, aiding, abetting, or concerned in obtaining, procuring, or bringing about any such Marriage, and the Person who shall be so married to such King or Queen under the Age of Eighteen Years, shall be guilty of High Treason, and suffer and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority Restraining aforesaid, That the Regent shall not give or have Power to give

the Royal Assent to any Bill or Bills in Parliament for repealing, gJ ^chanir-changing, or in any respect varying from the Order and Course of ing^Order of Succession to the Crown of this Realm as the same stands now Succession, &c. established in the illustrious House of Hanover by the Act of the 12 W.S. c. 2. Twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled 13 & 14 Car. 2. An Act for the further Limitation of the Croton, and better secur- c 3

ing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; or to any Act for repealing or altering the Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the Uniformity of Public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and consecrating Bishops, Priests, and Deacons in the Church of England; or one Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, made in Scotland, intituled An Act for securing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if either Provision in case of the Persons by this Act nominated to be Guardian and Regent either of the as aforesaid shall at any Time marry a Person professing the

[Ca-

Roman Catholic Religion, or if Her Royal Highness the Duchess Guardian of Kent shall during the Lifetime of His Majesty marry, without and Regent His said Majesty's Consent, any Person other than a natural-born shall marry a Subject of this Realm, She shall be and become, from and immediately after such Marriage, absolutely incapable of holding or ore* or exercising such Office of Guardian and Regent; and that if either of such Persons shall, at any Time after becoming such in the King-Guardian and Regent, marry a Person professing the Roman dom.

Catholic Religion, or, without the Consent of the Two Houses of Parliament, marry any Person other than a natural-born Subject of this Realm, or shall cease to reside in or absent Herself from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, then and in either of such Cases such Person shall no longer be Guardian and Regent, and all the Powers and Authorities which She may have derived under and by virtue of this Act shall thenceforth cease and determine.

[ 1" esse of the 8U^uent

XII. Provided always, That in case of the Death of Her present Majesty, and of the subsequent Marriage of His Majesty, this Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, and Enactments thereof, shall cease and be void.

Marriage.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1830.

6

C. 3.

1 W.4. c. 70

Repeal of so mach of recited Act as relates to Appointment of Essoign Days.

When Writs are to be returnable.

For removing Doubts as to Duration of Terms.

CAP. III.

An Act to amend an Act of the last Session, for the better Administration of Justice, so far as relates to the Essoign and General Return Days of each Term, and to substitute other Provisions in lieu thereof; and to declare the Law with regard to the Duration of the Terms in certain Cases.

[23d December 1830.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales, it was amongst other Things enacted, that the Essoign and General Return Days of each Term should, until further Provision be made by Parliament, be as follows; that is to say, the First Essoign or General Return Day for every Term shall be the Fourth Day before the Day of the Commencement of the Term, both Days being included in the Computation, the Second Essoign Day shall be the Fifth Day of the Term, the Third shall be the Fifteenth Day of the Term, and the Fourth and last shall be the Nineteenth Day of the Term, the First Day of the Term being already included in the Computation, with the same Relation to the Commencement of each Term as they now bear, and shall be distinguished by the Day of the Term on which they fall,

the Monday being in all Cases substituted for the Sunday when it shall happeu that the Day would fall on Sunday, except always that in Easier Term there shall be Four Returns instead of Five, the last being omitted: And whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as is herein recited, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act as is herein-before recited shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Writs now usually returnable before any of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer respectively, on General Return Days, that shall be made returnable after the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, may be made returnable on the Third Day exclusive before the Commencement of each Term, or on any Day, not being Sunday, between that Day and the Third Day exclusive before the last Day of the Term; and the Day for Appearance shall, as heretofore, be the Third Day after such Return, exclusive of the Day of the Return, or in case such Third Day shall fall on a Sunday, then on the Fourth Day after such Return, exclusive of such Day of Return.

III. And whereas it is expedient to remove all Doubts that may exist as to the Duration of the Terms in any Case that may occur; Be it therefore declared and enacted, That in case the Day of the Month on which any Term according to the Act aforesaid is to end shall fall to be on a Sunday, then the Monday next

A.D. 1830. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 3. 7

after such Day shall be deemed and taken to be the last Day of the Term; and that in case any of the Days between the Thursday before and the Wednesday next after Easter shall fall within Easter Term, then such Days shall be deemed and taken to be a Part of such Term, although there shall be no Sittings in Banc on any of such intervening Days.

[For Continu-

IV. And whereas it is expedient to provide for the Continuance and Determination of all such Real Actions, Indictments, *nce and De-

and Informations for Criminal Offences, and Informations in the termination

Nature of Quo warranto, as may have been depending in any of dement#, &c ' the Courts abolished by the said Act Be it therefore enacted, which may That all Indictments and Informations for Criminal Offences, and have been de-Proceedings had thereon, depending in any of the said Courts, pending in any shall, at the next General Assize and Oyer and Terminer to be 0j[^ehS>?rts holden in and for the County in the Court whereof the same may ^eiUted Act-be depending, be, by the late Prothonotary of the same Court, or

other Officer or Person having the Custody thereof, delivered to the Clerk of Assize of the same County, and shall be proceeded with and heard and determined in the same Manner as if the same had been commenced at an Assizes or Oyer and Terminer holden in the same County by or before any Judges of Assize or Oyer and Terminer in and for such County; and that all Writs of Right as also of Writs and other Real Actions depending in any of the said Courts, and of Right, all Pleas and Proceedings thereon, shall, at the Request either of the Demandant or Tenant, be forthwith transmitted by such Prothonotary, or other Officer or Person having the Custody thereof, into the Office of the Prothonotaries of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, and shall be proceeded with and heard and determined in the said Court of Common Pleas in the same Manner as if the same Actions had been commenced in that Court; and that all Informations in the Nature of Quo warranto, and Pleas and Proceedings thereon, depending in any of the said abolished Courts, shall, at the Request either of the Relator or Defendant, be transmitted by such Prothonotary, or other Officer or Person having the Custody thereof, into the Crown Office of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench, and be proceeded with and heard and determined in the said Court of King's Bench as if the same had been commenced in that Court; and every such Delivenr and Transmission shall be made, certified, and signed, without Fee or Reward, by the Officer or Person delivering or transmitting the same.

V. And whereas it was not intended by the said Act to abridge Recoveries of

the Jurisdiction of the Courts of the Mayor and Citizens of Lands may be Chester within the County of the same City, but Doubts may ffered in the 1 be entertained whether Fines and Recoveries may be levied and Ma*^0°/

suffered in the same Courts since the Commencement of the said ter^MberetoT" 4 Act, and it is expedient to remove such Doubts, and to provide fore;

more distinctly for the levying of such Fines Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Recoveries of Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments within the County of the same City may be levied and suffered as heretofore hath been accustomed in the said Courts, or such of them as had Authority and Jurisdiction in that Behalf, in like Manner and to the same Purpose and Effect as if the said Act had not passed; and that Fines

V GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1830.

and Fines

levied on Writs issued from the Court of Chancery.

Such Fines may be reversed upon Writ of Error.

All Powers vested in Go* vernors of Colonies, &c* by Patent or Commission of His late Majesty to con-

c. 3, 4.

of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments may be levied on Writs of Covenant and other Writs necessary and usual in that Behalf to be issued out of the High Court of Chancery, instead of the Court of Exchequer of the County Palatine of Chester, and shall be of the same Force and Effect as Fines levied before the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Fines shall be subject to be reversed, and may be reversed upon Writs of Error to be sued and proceeded before the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, if any Error shall be found therein.

CAP. IV.

An Act to render valid Acts done by the Governor of any of His Majesty's Plantations after the Expiration of his Commission by the Demise of His late Majesty, and to extend the Period within which the Patents of Governors of Colonies shall on any future Demise of the Crown become vacant, and to provide for the longer Duration of the Patents of Governors after the Demise of the Crown.

[23d December 1830.]

WHEREAS on the Demise of His late Majesty King George the Fourth divers Persons were in the Exercise of Offices

and Employments, Civil and Military, within His Majesty's Plantations, Colonies, and Possessions Abroad, holden under and by virtue of divers Patents, Commissions, Warrants, or other Authorities determinable at His said late Majesty's Pleasure: And whereas at the Expiration of Six Calendar Months next after the Demise of His said Majesty such Offices and Employments as aforesaid will by Law cease and determine, and such Patents, Commissions, Warrants, and other Authorities as aforesaid will by Law be vacated and become void: And whereas,

by reason of the Remoteness of divers of such Plantations,

Colonies, and Possessions, it hath been found and is impracticable to renew such Patents, Commissions, Warrants, and Authorities, so as that the Renewal thereof should within the Period aforesaid be signified and take effect within the said Plantations,

Colonies, and Possessions, and the Governors and Officers administering the Government thereof, and other His Majesty's

Officers therein, must, notwithstanding the Expiration of such their Commissions, continue in the Exercise of the Powers and 1 Authorities thereby in them vested, in the same Manner as if such Commissions had not determined; Be it therefore enacted by the Kang's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Powers and Authorities, whether vested in any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Officer administering the Government of any of His Majesty's Plantations, Colonies, or Possessions Abroad, or in any Officer or Officers within any such Plantation, Colony, or Possession, by any Patent, Commission, or Warrant which hath determined or will determine by the Demise of His said late Majesty, shall continue in full force and virtue;

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 4, 5.

9

until a new Patent, Commission, or Warrant for the Administration of any such Government, or for the Exercise of any such Office, shall be issued by His Majesty, or on His Behalf or under His Authority, and until the issuing of any such new Patent, Commission, or Warrant shall be signified and made known within the Plantation, Colony, or Plantation Abroad to which the same may relate; and that all Acts and Deeds which shall in the meantime be done shall be as good, binding, valid, and effectual as if such Patent, Commission, or Warrant had not been vacated or made void, and as if such Office or Employment had not ceased and determined.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Patent, Commission, Warrant, or other Authority for the Exercise of any Office or Employment, Civil or Military, within any of His Majesty's Plantations or Possessions Abroad, determinable at the Pleasure of His Majesty, or of any of His Majesty's Heirs and Successors, shall by reason of any future Demise of the Crown be vacated or become void until the Expiration of Eighteen Calendar Months next after any such Demise of the Crown as aforesaid.

CAP. V.

An Act to apply the Sum of One million eight hundred and fifty thousand Pounds out of the Consolidated Fund to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty; and to appropriate the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[23d December 1830.]

§ L H.

III.

IV.

V.

VI.

VII.

VIII. IX.

X.

XI.

XII.

THERE shall be applied, for the Service of the Year 1830, £1, 850,000 out of the Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury may raise £1, 850,000 by Exchequer Bills, in like Manner as prescribed by 48 G. 3. c. 1.

The Clauses, &c. in that Act extended to this.

Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding 3£ per Cent, per Diem.

And to be placed as so much Cash in the Exchequer.

Treasury to apply the Money raised to Services voted in this Session.

Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund.

The Bank may advance *£1, 850,000 on the Credit of this Act.

Monies coming into the Exchequer byc.l, ante, — and also the said *£1, 850,000 shall be applied as hereafter expressed.

There shall be issued and applied,

£ 344,372 4 5£ For Army Services; viz.

137,500 0 0 For Army Extraordinaries.

113,000 0 0 For Army Services from 25th to 31st of December.

93,872 4 5£ For the Commissariat Department.

50.000 0 0 For the Ordnance Department.

3,253,882 15 0 To make good the Supplies granted

in last Session.

40.000 0 0 For Civil Contingencies.

tinue in force until new Patents shall be issued and made known in such Colonies.

Extending the Period at which Patents shall become determinable at any future Demise of the Crown.

A

10

C. 5.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1830.

£ 25,000 0 0 For Repairs, &c. at Windsor Castle 40, 750 0 0 For the Rideau Canal.

750,000 0 0 For Interest on Exchequer Bills.

XIII. 100,000 0 0 For Annuities, Pensions, &c. that

would have been payable out of the Consolidated Fund or Civil List. XIV. There shall be issued and applied,

71, 728 9 7 For Miscellaneous Irish Services; viz. 2, 237 10 0 For Protestant Charter Schools.

1.250 0 0 For Association for discountenanc-

ing Vice.

6.250 0 0 For Education of the Poor.

7, 725 0 0 For Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 5, 323 15 0 For House of Industry in Dublin. 1, 675 0 0 For Richmond Lunatic Asylum.

1, 899 0 0 For the Hibernian Society for Soldiers Children.

350 0 0 For the Hibernian Marine Society. 343 15 0 For the Female Orphan House.

765 0 0 For Westmorland Lock Hospital.

0 For Lying-in Hospital.

0 For Dr. Stephens Hospital.

0 For Fever Hospital.

0 For Hospital for Incurables.

0 For Seminary at Mai/nooth.

0 For Royal Cork Institution.

0 For Royal Dublin Society.

0 For Royal Irish Academy.

0 For Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests.

0 For Belfast Academical Institution.

0 For Board of Works.

0 For Printing, Stationery, &c. in Chief Secretary's Office.

0 For Printing Proclamations and Statutes.

0 For Criminal Prosecutions.

6 For Dissenting Ministers.

65 For Salaries to Lottery Officers.

0 For Inland Navigations.

0 For Dublin Police.

6J For Commissioners of Judicial Inquiry.

0 For Board of Public Records.

0 For Public Works.

XV. Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

647 15

419 0

965 0

116 5

2, 232 0

150 0

1, 750 0

75 0

17 5 0

375 0

3, 445 0

3, 625 0

1, 150 0

12, 500 0

3, 715 1

185 1

1, 325 0

5, 750 0

1, 832 1

727 5

2, 750 0

A.D. 1830.

P GULIELMI IV. C. 6.

11

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue for the Term of Six Calendar Months all such Commissions, Appointments, Grants, or Patents of Offices or Employments, Civil or Military, as were in force at the Time of the Demise of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, and as have not been superseded, determined, or made void during the Reign of His present

WHEREAS, by the Law as it now stands, it is enacted and provided, *no Patent or Grant of any Office or Employment, either Civil or Military, shall cease, determine, or be void by reason of the Death or Demise of any King or Queen of this Realm, but that every such Patent or Grant shall be, continue, and remain in full force and virtue for the Space of Six Months next after any such Death or Demise unless in the meantime superseded, determined, or made void by the next and immediate Successor to whom the Imperial Crown of this Realm is limited and appointed to go, remain, or descend:

And whereas divers Commissions, Appointments, Grants, and Patents of Offices and Employments, Civil and Military, which were in force at the Time of the Decease of our late most Gracious Sovereign King George the Fourth, in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, the Islands of Jersey, Guernseyr, Alderney, Sark, and Man, have not been superseded, determined, or made void by His present Majesty King William the Fourth; and it is expedient that such Commissions, Appointments, Grants, and Patents should be continued in force for the Time and in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all All Grants, and every Commissions, Appointments, Patents, and Grants, and Patents, &c. Commission, Appointment, Patent, and Grant, of any Office or 22^ 5 Hi* Employment, Civil or Military, which at the Time of the Death Majesty or Demise of His late Majesty King George the Fourth were or shall remain in was in force and effect, and which have not been or shall not be force Si* superseded, determined, or made void by His present Majesty at Months any Time before the passing of this Act, shall be and continue previously and remain in full force and virtue for the Space of Six Calendar superseded. Months next after the passing of this Act, unless the same shall be respectively in the meantime superseded, determined, or made void by His present Majesty (whom God long preserve), or by any Successor of His said present Majesty to whom the Imperial Crown of this Realm is by Law limited or appointed to go, re-, main, or descend.

Majesty.

[23d December 1830.]

1° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1831.

C. 7.

L ff c S/1L

Writs may be made returnable on any Day to be named therein.

Proceedings to be had at the Return thereof.

The Judge before whom any Action shall be tried may certify before the End of the Sittings or Assizes that Execution ought to issue forthwith;

in which Case Judgment may be signed, and Execution issued.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the more speedy Judgment and Execution in Actions brought in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, and in the Court of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for amending the Law as to Judgment on a Cognovit actionem in Cases of Bankruptcy.

[11th March 1831.]

WHEREAS the Judgment and Execution in Actions brought in His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster are often delayed by reason of the Interval between the Terms Now, for the Prevention of such Delay, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Writ of Inquiry of Damages to be issued in or by either of the said Courts, by whatever Form of Process the Action may have been commenced, may be made returnable and be returned on any Day certain, in Terra or Vacation, to be named in such Writ, and such Writ shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been returnable according to the Course of the Common Law; and thereupon at the Return thereof a Rule for Judgment may be given, Costs taxed, final Judgment signed, and Execution issued forthwith, unless the Sheriff or other Officer before whom the same may be executed shall certify under his Hand upon such Writ that Judgment ought not to be signed until the Defendant shall have had an Opportunity to apply to the Court to set aside the Execution of such Writ, or One of the Judges of the said Courts shall think fit to order the Judgment to be stayed until a Day to be named in such Order: Provided always, that in case the signing of Judgment on such Writ shall be postponed by reason of such Certificate or Order, or by the Choice of the Plaintiff, or otherwise, and Judgment shall be afterwards signed thereon, such Judgment shall be entered of Record as of the Day of the Return of such Writ, unless the Court shall otherwise direct.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought in either of the said Courts, by whatever Form of Process the same may be commenced, it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom any Issue joined in such Action shall be to be tried, in case the Plaintiff or Demandant therein shall become Nonsuit, or a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff or Demandant, Defendant or Tenant, to certify under his Hand, on the Back of the Record, at any Time before the End of the Sittings or Assizes, that in his Opinion Execution ought to issue in such Action forthwith, or at some Day to be named in such Certificate, and subject, or not, to any Condition or Qualification, and in case of a Verdict for the Plaintiff, then either for the Whole or for any Part of the Sum found by such Verdict; in all which Cases a Rule for Judgment may be given, Costs taxed, and Judgment signed forthwith, and Execution may be issued forthwith, or afterwards, according to the Terms of such Certificate, on any Day in Vacation or Term; and the Postea, with such Certificate as a Part thereof, shall and

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 7.

13

may be entered of Record as of the Day on which the Judgment

shall be signed, although the Writ of Distringas juratores

Habeas corpora juratorum may not be returnable until after such 'ft —

Day: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Party '//9

tied to such Judgment to postpone the signing thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Judgment to be Entering and-y* signed by virtue of this Act may be entered and recorded as the recording of Judgment of the Court wherein the Action shall be depending, Judgment although the Court may not be sitting on the Day of the signing thereof; and every Execution issued by virtue of this Act shall Teste, and may bear Teste on the Day of issuing thereof; and such Judgment and Execution shall be as valid and effectual as if the same had been signed and recorded and issued according to the Course of the Common Law.

always, That notwithstanding any Judgment Judgment may signed or recorded, or Execution issued, by virtue of this Act, it vacated, shall be lawful for the Court in which the Action shall have been brought to order such Judgment to be vacated, and Execution to ne^ Trial be stayed or set aside, and to enter an Arrest of Judgment, or granted, grant a new Trial or new Writ of Inquiry, as Justice may appear to require; and thereupon the Party affected by such Writ of Execution shall be restored to all that he may have lost thereby in such Manner as upon *4he Reversal of a Judgment by Writ of Error, or otherwise as the Court may think fit to direct.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Not to affect this Act contained shall be deemed to frustrate or make void any Provision in Provision relating to the issuing of any Writ of Habere facias possessionem, contained in the Act passed in the First Year of the Po^eawon*. ° Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more

effectual Administration of Justice in England and Wales.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer Limitation as of either of the said Courts shall, for the Purpose of taxing Costs to taxing

on any Judgment to be signed by virtue of this Act, be compelled £* to attend at any Time between the last Day of August and the Twenty-first Day of October in any Year.

VII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the No Judgment Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An wg?ed or Exe.

Act to amend the Lam relating to Bankrupts, it is provided, that

no Creditor, though for a valuable Consideration, who shall signed ateT1 *

sue out Execution upon any Judgment obtained by Default, Declaration Confession, or Nil dicit, shall avail himself of such Execution filed shall be to the Prejudice of other fair Creditors, but shall be paid rate- deemed within able with such Creditors: And whereas, by reason of such ^e6^°vl*lon Provision, Plaintiffs have been and may be deterred from ac '4* c'l6 '

cepting a Cognovit actionem, with Stay of Execution, whereby the Expence of further Proceedings in such Action might have been and may be saved or diminished For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That no Judgment signed or Execution issued after the passing of this Act on a Cognovit actionem signed after Declaration filed or delivered, or Judgment by Default, Confession, or Nihil dicit, according to the Practice of the Court, in any Action commenced adversely, and not by Collusion for the purpose of fraudulent Preference, shall be deemed or takentblle ouAmw within the said Provision of the said recited Act. - A

V

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

14

In lieu of the Return Days in Easter and Michaelmas Terms, *11 Writs of Inquiry of Damages, &c. to be returnable on the first Wednesday in every Month, in addition to the first and last Days of each Assizes.

When Writs for removing Suits from inferior Courts shall be returnable.

C. 7.

VIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-second 1 Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

made and passed, among other Purposes, for the more frequent 1 Return of Writs in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Laticas-

ter, Writs of Capias ad respondendum may be made returnable

in the Court of Common Pleas of the said County Palatine of

Lancaster on the First Wednesday in every Month: And whereas by another Act passed at a Sessions of Parliament holden in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better regulating

the Practice and for preventing Delays in the Proceedings of the 1 Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster, Writs of Inquiry of Damages, and certain other Writs in the said Act in that Behalf (mentioned, issued by and out of the same Court, may be made i returnable on any of the Return Days in Easter and Michael-

mas Terms respectively, according to the Course of His Majesty's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, in addition to the first and last Days of each Assizes held for the said County;

and it is expedient to quicken the Proceedings in the said Court of the said County; Be it therefore enacted, That in lieu of the Return Days in Easter and Michaelmas Terms, all Writs of Inquiry of Damages, and other Writs in the said last-mentioned Act in that Behalf mentioned, shall and may be made returnable in the said Court of the said County on the First Wednesday in every Month, in addition to the first and last Days of each Assizes held for the said County; and such Proceedings shall and may be had on the Return thereof as upon such Writs returnable according to the Law in force at and before the passing of this Act.

IX. And whereas Persons suing in the inferior Courts of the said County Palatine of Lancaster are often vexatiously delayed in the Recovery of their just Demands by the Removal of their Suits into the said Court of Common Pleas, by reason that the Writs whereby the same are removed can be made returnable only at the Assizes holden for the said County; For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That all Writs of Pone loquelam, Record-ari facias loquelam, Accedas ad curiam, and all other WTrits now* lawfully issued out of the Chancery of the said County Palatine of Lancaster for the Removal of Causes from the inferior Courts of the said County into the said Court of Common Pleas, which shall be issued after the Expiration of Fourteen clear Days next after the passing of this Act, shall be made returnable on the First Wednesday in the Month next after the issuing thereof, unless in the meantime the Assizes shall be holden for the said County, and if the Assizes shall be so holden in the meantime, then on the first or last Day of such Assizes, as the Case may be, next after the issuing thereof; and that all such Writs made returnable at any other Time than according to the Provision herein-before contained shall be utterly null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 8.

15

CAP. VIII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to appoint a Postmaster General for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

[11th March 1831.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for 9 Anne, c.lo. 4 establishing a General Post Office for all Her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a Weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof for the Service of the War, and other Her Majesty's Occasions,

it was amongst other Things enacted, that from and after the First Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eleven there should be from thenceforth One General Letter Office and Post Office erected and established in some convenient Place within the City of London, from whence all Letters and Packets whatsoever might be with Speed and Expedition sent into any Part of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or to North America, the West Indies, or to any other of Her Majesty's Dominions or Territories, or unto any other Kingdom or Country beyond the Seas; at which said Office all Returns and Answers might be likewise received; and that One Master of

the said General Letter Office and Post Office should be from time to time appointed by the Queen's Majesty, Her Heirs and Successors, to be made and constituted by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, by the Name and Style of Her Majesty's Postmaster General;" which said Master of the said Office, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, and his and their Servants and Agents,

and no other Person or Persons whatsoever, should from time to time and at all Times have the receiving, taking up, ordering,

dispatching, sending Post or with Speed, carrying, and delivering of all Letters and Packets whatsoever, which should from time to time and at all or any Times be sent to and from all and every the Parts and Places of Great Britain and Ireland,

North America, the West Indies, and other Her Majesty's Dominions, and also to. and from all and every the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas where he should settle or cause to be settled Posts or running Messengers for that Purpose; except such Letters as in the said Act are particularly mentioned:

And whereas an Act was passed by the Parliament of the King *

dom of Ireland in the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, - intituled An Act for establishing a Post Office within this Kingdom, 23 & 24 G. ?. 4 whereby it was amongst other Things enacted, that as soon as (*)

conveniently might be after the passing of that Act there should be One General Letter Office and Post Office established in some

convenient Place within the City of Dublin% with Sub-Offices throughout that Kingdom, from whence all Letters and Packets whatsoever to or from Places within that Kingdom or beyond the Seas might be with Speed and Expedition sent, received,

and dispatched; and that the Person or Persons from time to time to be appointed Master of the said Office should be so appointed by the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to be

C. 8.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

39 & 40 G. S. c. 67.

His Majesty to appoint One Postmaster General for the United Kingdom.

Powers of the said Postmaster General, his Deputies, &c. as to the Postage of Letters.

made and constituted by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of

Ireland, by the Name and Style of " His Majesty's Postmaster General of Ireland and that there should be a Secretary, a Treasurer or Receiver General, an Accountant General, and a

Resident Surveyor of the said General Post Office, and also a Comptroller of the Sorting Office thereof, to be appointed,

made, and constituted in like Manner by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland; which said Master of the said Office, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorized, and his and their Servants and Agents, and no other Person or Persons whatsoever within that Kingdom, should from time to time and at all Times have the receiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, sending Post or with Speed, carrying, and delivering of all Letters and Packets whatsoever which should from time to time and at all Times be sent to and from all and every Parts and Places within that Kingdom, and to and from all and every the Parts and Places beyond the Seas where Posts were then settled or might thereafter be settled for that Purpose; except such Letters as are therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act made and passed in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongst other Things provided, that the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland should upon the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and one, and for ever after, be united into One Kingdom by the Name of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that there should be in future but One Postmaster General for the said United Kingdom and other His Majesty's Dominions Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the] Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from time to time to appoint any One Person to be Postmaster General for the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and other His Majesty's Dominions, in lieu of the said Two several Postmasters General of Great Britain and Ireland authorized to be appointed as aforesaid, by the Name and Style of His Majesty's Postmaster General which said Postmaster General so to be appointed shall have and be entitled to all and every the same Powers, Authorities, Immunities, Rights, and Privileges as the said Two several Postmasters General would have been entitled to in right of their respective Offices in case they had been separately nominated and appointed thereto by Letters Patent under the Great Seals of Great Britain and Ireland respectively; and the said Postmaster General so to be appointed, and his Deputy and Deputies, and his and their Servants and Agents, in Great Britain, Ireland, and other His Majesty's Dominions, and elsewhere, shall be entitled to demand, have, receive, and take, for the Postage and Conveyance of all such Letters and Packets which he or they shall convey, carry, or send Post, the like Rates and Sums of Money in all

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 8, 9.

17

respects as the several Postmasters General of Great Britain and Ireland would immediately before the passing of this Act have, in right of their respective Offices, been authorized and entitled by Law to demand, have, receive, and take for the Postage and Conveyance of Letters and Packets conveyed, carried, and sent by the Post.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Agent and Agents of the said Postmaster General for the Time being in Great Britain, Ireland, and elsewhere, shall have all the like Powers, Privileges, Rights, Immunities, Benefits, and Authorities, and the said Postmaster General for the Time being, his Deputy and Deputies, Agent and Agents, shall be subject to all the like Regulations, Directions, Restrictions, Penalties, Punishments, and Liabilities, in all respects, as he or they was or were or would have been by Law subject or liable to under or by virtue of the Acts in force concerning the Post Offices of Gi eat Britain and Ireland immediately before the passing of this Act, iu case such teparate Postmasters General had been nominated and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and a* the several Patents granted under and by virtue of the said in part recited Act of the Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third to the present Secretary, Accountant General, and Resident Surveyor of the General Post Office in Dublin, and the Comptroller of the Sorting Office thereof, or any or either of such Patents, shall be revoked or otherwise determined, every future Secretary, Accountant General, and Resident Surveyor of the said General Post Office in Dublin, and every future Comptroller of the Sorting Office thereof, shall be appointed by and during the Pleasure of His Majesty's Postmaster General for the Time being.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this pre. sent Session of Parliament.

CAP. IX.

An Act to apply the Sum of Five Millions, out of the Consolidated Fund, to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

[11th March 1831.]

44 There shall be applied for the Service of the Year 1831, 5,000,000l. out of the Consolidated Fund, §1. The Treasury may cause 5,000,000l. of Exchequer Bills to be made out t: in manner prescribed by 48 G.3. c.l. — § 2. The Clauses, &c. in recited Act extended to this Act, §3. Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest not exceeding 3Jd. per Cent, per Diem, $ 4 .; and to be placed as so much Cash in the Exchequer, $5 .; and may be applied by the Treasury, §6. Exchequer Bills made chargeable upon the growing Produce of the Consolidated. Fund, §7. Bank of England may advance 5,000,000l. on the Credit of this Act, notwithstanding 5 & 6 W* M. c. 20. — $ 8 *

Postmaster Gd'ierol. hi* Deputies ami

Agents to he

subject to the same Penalties S* under Provisions of former Act.

After Expiration of the present Patents, all Officers to be appointed by the Postmaster General.

Act may be altered this Session.

c

1 Gul. IV.

18

C. 10 — IS.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

CAP. X.

An Act for appropriating certain Sums to the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

[11th March 1831.]

"There shall be applied, for the Service of the Year 1831," 2,000,000l. now in the Exchequer, and 60,000l. to be paid by the East India Company; also any Sums paid in respect of " Exchequer Bills issued for Public Works; and any Balance " paid in by the Bank of England before the 5th April 1832, pursuant to 56 G. 3. c. 97 .; provided that if at any time the u Balance shall be reduced to less than 100,000l., then so much " of the Monies advanced by the Bank as shall be equal to the " Sum by which the said Balance shall be less than the Sum of " 100,000l. shall be repaid.

CAP. XI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

[11th March 1831.]

CAP. XII.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty for One Year certain Duties on Personal Estates, Offices, and Pensions in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one.

[11th March 1831.]

[This Act is the same (except as to Dates) as 11 G. 4*. c. 6.]

1 & 2 G. 4. c. 33.

11 G. 4. C. 22.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for approbating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum.

[11th March 1831.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poory and for the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences, in Ireland, certain Provisions were made for the Erection and Establishment of Lunatic Asylums in and for Districts to be limited and appointed in manner and by the Authority in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for appropriating the Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin to the Purposes of a District Lunatic Asylum, it was among other Things enacted, that a certain Building commonly known by the Name of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum, in the City of Dublin, theretofore established and used as an Asylum or Hospital for the Reception and Management of Lunatic Patients, should and

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 13.

19

might be and become, and the same has accordingly become, a

Lunatic Asylum for the County of the City of Dublin, and for such other County or Counties as from time to time, under the Provisions of the said first-recited Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty, constituted, together with the said City of Dublin, a District of a Lunatic Asylum; and it was by the said recited Act of the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign further enacted, that an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year

of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to regu- 55 G.8. c. 107. 4 late tie. Appointment of Governors in the Richmond Lunatic Asy-

lum in Dublin, whereby certain Provisions were made for the Government of the said Asylum, and the Governors thereof in-

corporated, and the said Building, and the Ground and Soil f thereto belonging, vested in such Governors, should be and the

same was thereby repealed; and it was by the said recited Act of the Eleventh Year of His late Majesty further provided and

enacted, that all Rules, Orders, Regulations, Rights, Powers,

Authorities, Privileges, Liabilities, Provisoes, and Enactments contained in the said recited Act of the First and Second Years of His late Majesty should and might from time to time, as Occasion might require, be extended, applied, used, and enforced to and in respect of the District so to be constituted as aforesaid, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as in the Case of any District Lunatic Asylum created and established by or subject to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Session of the First and Second Years of His said late Majesty: And whereas the said Building known by the Name of the Richmond Lunatic Asylum is capable of affording Accommodation for a much larger Number of Lunatic Poor than the Number limited by the said last-recited Act as the Number which it is lawful under the Provisions of such Act to maintain and take care of within any One Lunatic Asylum: And whereas it is expedient to remove the Limitation whereby the Utility of the said Building is curtailed, and the superior Extent of its Accommodations rendered unavailing; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That The Richmond from and after the passing of this Act no Enactment or Provision Lunatic Asy-contained in the said recited Act of the Session holden in the First may re" and Second Years of His late Majesty, or in any other Act or

Acts, whereby the Number of Lunatic Poor to be maintained and ttn accommo-taken care of in a Lunatic Asylum is in any Manner limited or

date, the Care

restricted, shall extend or in any Manner be construed to affect the and Mainten-said Richmond Lunatic Asylum, or the Reception and Accommo- °£whom dation of Lunatic Poor therein; and that notwithstanding any y? *>ro" Thing in the said last-recited Act or in any other Act or Acts heretofore!* to the contrary, it shall and may be lawful to receive, maintain, and take care of within the said Richmond Lunatic Asylum any Number of Lunatic Poor whatsoever, for the Reception and Accommodation of whom the said Asylum or Building shall or may afford Space and Capacity; and that the Care, Maintenance, Superintendance, and Expenditure which shall be or become requisite for or in respect of all such Lunatic Poor shall be defrayed,

20

C. 13, 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Nothing herein to alter the Management of the Asylum in any other respect.

Act may be amended, &c. this Session.

Crimes punishable by Death.

raised, and provided for in all respects as the Care, Maintenance, Superintendence, and Expenditure requisite for or in respect of such limited Number of Lunatic Poor as before the passing of this Act it was or may have been lawful to maintain and take care of in such Lunatic Asylum, might or ought to have been defrayed, raised, and provided for; and that all Rights, Duties, Obligations, and Liabilities belonging to or vested in, or attaching or imposed upon, any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate or otherwise, for or in respect of the Care and Maintenance of such limited Number of Lunatic Poor, shall extend to, and the same are hereby enacted and declared to be in like Manner lawful, valid, and effectual as respects the Care and Maintenance of the whole Number of Lunatic Poor received or to be received in the said Richmond Lunatic Asylum: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in anywise to alter or affect the Laws now in force for the Regulation and Maintenance of the said Richmond Lunatic Asylum, other than as respects the said Limitation of the Number of the Lunatic Poor taken care of and maintained therein.

II. And be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 5th March 1831.]

WHEREAS it is judged necessary for the Safety of the United Kingdom, and the Defence of the Possessions of this Realm, that a Body of Royal Marine Forces should be employed in His Majesty's Fleet and Naval Service, under the Direction of the Lord High Admiral.of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid: And whereas the said Forces may frequently be quartered or be on Shore, or sent to do Duty on board Transport Ships or Merchant Ships or Vessels, or Ships or Vessels of His Majesty not being in Commission, or other Ships or Vessels,

in which they will not be subject to the Laws relating to the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgments his Peers,

and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm;

yet nevertheless, it being requisite for the retaining of such Forces in their Duty, that an exact Discipline be observed,

and that Marines who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service, or be guilty of any other Crime in breach of good Order and Discipline, be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight

hundred

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

21

hundred and thirty-one, if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer of Royal Marines, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, shall at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, while on Shore in any Place within the said Kingdom, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Transport Ship, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or on board any Convict Hulk or Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Marine or other Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress any such Mutiny or Sedition; or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not without Delay give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer or any other to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy of His Majesty, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, Tokens, or any other Ways or Means whatever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with any such Rebel, Pirate, or Enemy, without the Licence of the Lord High Admiral of the said United Kingdom, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, for the Time being; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; every Person so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Marine from being proceeded against by. the ordinary Course of Law for Crimes thereby cognizable; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when due.Application shall be made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Marine charged with any Capital Crime, or with any Violence or Offence against the Person or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects punishable by the known Laws of the Land, or who shall wilfully neglect or refuse to assist any Peace Officer in apprehending any such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in His Majesty's Service; and a Certificate of such

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with

C. 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831

Marines not to be taken away from the Service for Debt* under 30/,

Lord High Admiral, &c. may make Articles for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, &c.

Conviction shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty: Provided always, that no Person who shall have been tried before any of the ordinary Courts of Law for any Crime cognizable in such Courts shall be liable to be punished for the same by any Court-martial otherwise than by cashiering.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person (except an Apprentice) enlisted in His Majesty's Service as a Marine shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom by the Warrant of any Magistrate, or otherwise, on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and that no Marine shall be liable to be arrested and taken out of His Majesty's Service for Debt by any Process or Execution whatsoever, unless an Affidavit shall be first duly made and filed by the Plaintiff in the Suit, or by some one on his Behalf, for which no Fee shall be taken, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought amounts to the Sum of Thirty Pounds at least, over and above all Costs in that or any other Action, a Memorandum of which Oath shall be marked on the Back of such Process, and of the Warrant grounded thereon; and in case any Person shall nevertheless contrary hereto be arrested, it shall be lawful for any Judge of the Court out of which the Process shall have issued, and lie is hereby required, upon Complaint made by the Person arrested, or by his Superior Officer, and upon due Proof thereof being made to him that such Arrest was made contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, to discharge the Person so arrested out of Custody, and also to award to the Party complaining such Costs as such Judge shall think reasonable; for the Recovery whereof he shall have the like Remedy by Writ of Execution as that which the Plaintiff in the Suit might have had in case Judgment had been given for him in the Action.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, to make Rules and Articles of War in Writing, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under ttfe Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, either in this Kingdom or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts out of such Dominions, or on board any Ship or Vessel of His Majesty not being in Commission, or on board any Transport, or Merchant Ship or Vessel, or any Convict Ship or Hulk, for the Punishment of Mutiny, Desertion, Immorality, Breach of Discipline, Neglect of Duty, and other Offences, and for bringing Offenders against the same to Justice; which Rules and Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made, be transmitted by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being (certified under his Hand) to the Judges of His Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad: Provided always, that no Person shall be subject by such Rules and Articles to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act, nor in any Manner nor under

any

1° GULIELMI IV.

28

A.D. 181.

C. 14.

any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral aforesaid, from time to time to grant Commissions under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the holding of General and other Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like Manner as has been heretofore used; and for bringing Offenders against the Articles of War to Justice, to erect and constitute Courts-martial, as well within the said United Kingdom and the British Isles as in any of His Majesty's Garrisons or Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, and to grant Commissions or Warrants to the Officer or Officers commanding in chief or commanding for the Time being any of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as well within the said United Kingdom as elsewhere beyond the Seas, for convening, as well as for authorizing any Officer not below the Degree of a Field Officer to convene, Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Royal Marine Forces under their Command, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Court-martial by virtue of this Act, may be tried and punished for the same in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions where he may have come after the Commission of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened in any Part of the King's Dominions, (Bermuda, Africa, and New South Wales excepted,) or in the Settlements of the East India Company, or elsewhere, shall, in order to have Power to try a Commissioned Officer, or to pass Sentence of Death \>r Transportation on any Offender, consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, in which Sentence of Death Nine at least of the Members of any Court consisting of Thirteen shall concur; and for the Trial of any Person not of the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, the Court shall consist of not less than Nine; and such General Courts-martial convened in Bermuda, or out of the King's Dominions, (excepting Africa and New South Wales,) shall have not less than Seven, and in Africa and New South Wales not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and in all Cases where such General Courts-martial as aforesaid shall consist of more or fewer Officers than Thirteen, no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Members present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrisoa where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

VII. And be it enacted, That all and every Court-martial shall have Power and Authority and is hereby required to administer

Lord High Admiral, &c. may grant Commissions for holding General Courts-martial, &c.

Composition of General Courts-martial.

Courts-martial to administer Oaths.

2 *

C. 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Proceedings of Court s-murtiuf.

Oflicen of the Maiine and Land Forces may sit in conjunction on Courts-martial.

General Courts-martial may sentence Offenders to Imprisonment, fcc.

the requisite Oath, in the usual Form, to every Person who shall be examined as a Witness before any such Court-martial, previous to his giving Evidence thereat.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by General Courts-martial to be held by virtue of this Act, every Member of such Court shall, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, take the Oaths for that Purpose set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Judge Advocate or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial before the President thereof, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same; and so soon as such Oaths shall have been administered to the respective Members, the President of the Court (having himself taken the said Oath, to be administered to him by any sworn Member,) is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act for that Purpose annexed; and that no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which may require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Trial may be held between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon.

IX. And whereas it may be expedient in many Cases that (Officers of the Land Forces should be associated with Royal Marine Officers for the Purpose of holding Courts-martial; be it enacted, That, when and as often as it shall be deemed necessary, it shall and may be lawful for Officers of Royal Marines and of the Land Forces to sit in conjunction on any Court-martial to be held under the Authority of this Act, and to proceed on the Trial of any Marine Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Man, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Court-martial were composed of Marine Officers only, and whether the Commanding Officer by whose Order such Court* martial is assembled belong to the Land or the Marine Forces; and the Officers composing such Court shall in such Cases take Rank according to the Seniority of their Commissions in either Service.

X. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which the Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and a General Court-martial may, in addition to any such Punishment as aforesaid, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge; and whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Marine shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Punishment or Imprisonment, adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as a Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or to General Service as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which His Majesty shall be pleased to direct, or if such Offender shall have enlisted

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

25

for any limited Term* may sentence him to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps which His Majesty shall be pleased to direct; and such Court may, in addition to any other Punishment, sentence any such Offender to forfeit all Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension on Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Offender: Provided always, that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as to His Majesty shall seem meet; and if any Person who shall have been so adjudged or ordered to be transported, whether by the Sentence of a Court-martial or in pursuance of such Order of His Majesty, shall afterwards, without Licence from His Majesty or other lawful Authority, return to or be found at large in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, either Abroad or at Home, other than the Place to which he shall have been adjudged or ordered to be transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited by such Sentence or Order, any such Offender, being duly convicted thereof, shall suffer Death as a Felon.

XI. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-mar- Powers of Di»-tial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, trict or Garri-except in Bermuda, Africa, and New South Woles, where it may 1011 9urt5* consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and that it martla shall be lawful for such Court, whether it be assembled under the Authority of this Act, or of an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, to proceed to try any Marine or Marines below the Rank of a Commissioned Officer for any Offence committed by any of them while serving in conjunction with His Majesty's Land Forces, and to sentence any such Marine to any Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which such Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and such Court may, in addition to either of the said Punishments, sentence a Marine to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, for disgraceful Conduct in wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Marine at the Instance of such Marine, with Intent to render himself or such other Marine unfit for the Service; in tampering with his Eyes; in malingering, feigning Disease, absenting himself from Hospital while under Medical Care, or other gross Violation of the Rules of any Hospital, thereby wilfully producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or wilfully delaying his Cure; in purloining or selling Government Stores; in stealing any Money or Goods the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Divisional or Regimental Mess; in producing false or fraudulent Accounts or Returns; in embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him; or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, unnatural, felonious, or fraudulent Nature; and such Offender may be further put under Stoppages, not exceeding Two Thirds of his daily Pay, until the Amount be made good of any Loss or Damage arising

V

26

C. 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

out of his Misconduct; and if any Marine shall be convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and shall be sentenced to Forfeiture of his Claim to Pension, the Court may further recommend him to be discharged with Ignominy from His Majesty's Service; and any such Court shall deprive a Marine, if convicted of the Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Allowance in lieu of Beer or Liquor, or of additional Pay, or of such Portion of his daily Pay, for any Period not exceeding two Years, as may accord with the Rules and Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to any such Punishment, the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to Imprisonment or to Corporal Punishment; provided that in all the aforegoing Cases the Sentence of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in Command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony; and the President of every Court-martial other than a general Court-martial, not being under the Rank of Captain, shall be appointed by the Officer convening such Court-martial: Provided always, that such Court-martial shall not have Power to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

Divisional

XII. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and gross In-

Courts martial, subordination, or any Offences committed on the Line of March, the Offence may be tried by a Divisional Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops; provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Divisional Court-martial is competent to award; and a Divisional Court-martial may sentence any Marine to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and to solitary Confinement not exceeding Twenty Days.

Detachment

XIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer Courts-martial, commanding any distinct Detachment or Portion of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces which may at any Time be serving out of His Majesty's Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries by any Person under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to be assembled a Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than three Officers, for the Trial of any such Person, notwithstanding such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial: Provided that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding in chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried shall belong shall have approved and confirmed the same.

[Marking a Deserter.]

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Marine convicted of Desertion by a General, a District, or a Garrison Court-martial,

shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay* and to Pension on Discharge, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award; and it shall be lawful for any General Court-martial assembled to try the Crime of Desertion, in

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C.l 4.

27

addition to any other Punishment such Court may award, to direct that the Offender be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm Pit, with the Letter D, such Letter not to be less than Half an Inch long, and to be marked on the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Officer and other Person employed in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores belonging to His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces or for their Use, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or cause to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or shall wilfully suffer any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothes, Ammunition, or other Military or Royal Marine Stores to be embezzled or fraudulently misapplied, or to be spoiled or damaged, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which is hereby empowered to adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, with Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and that such Person shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good, at his own Expence, the Loss and Damage thereby sustained, to be ascertained by such Court-martial, which shall have Power to sentence the Offender to be imprisoned until the same, and any Fine which may be imposed, be paid and satisfied to His Majesty.

XVI. And be it enacted, That all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, or by the President of a District or Garrison Court-martial, to give Evidence on any Court-martial, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if nevertheless arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, be forthwith discharged out of Custody by the Order of the Court out of which the Writ or Process for such Arrest was issued; and if such Court shall not be then sitting, then by the Order of any Judge of the Court of King's Bench at Westminster or Dublin, or of the Courts of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law elsewhere, as the Case may require, upon its being made appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending such Court-martial; and every Person so duly summoned as a Witness who shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence at any such Court-martial, or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of him, shall be liable to be attached, proceeded against, and punished in the Court of King's Bench at Westminster or Dublin, or Court of Session or other Court of Law in Scotland or elsewhere, in the same Manner as Persons disobeying the Subpoena to testify or any similar Process of such Courts are liable to be proceeded against and punished.

XVII. And be it enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall intend any Sentence of Transportation to be carried into execution! or shall be graciously pleased to extend His Royal Mercy,

upon

Trial and Punishment for Embezzlement,

Witnesses.

Transportation of Offenders.

28

C. 14*.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

upon Condition of Transportation, to any Offender subject to the Punishment of Death by the Sentence of a General Court-martial, such Sentence (together with His Majesty's Pleasure upon the same, in Cases of Commutation of Sentence,) shall be notified in Writing by the Lord High Admiral, or by any Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, to any Justice of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Baron of the Exchequer, and thereupon such Justice or Baron shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender upon the Terms and for the Time which shall be specified in such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon the same as any such Justice or Baron is authorized to make or do by any Statute or Statutes in force at the Time of making any such Orders in relation to the Transportation of Offenders; and such Order, and other Acts to be so made and done as aforesaid, shall be obeyed and executed by such Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and by all other Persons whom ft may concern, and shall be as effectual, and have all the same Consequences, as any Order made under the Authority of any Statute with respect to any Offender in such Statute mentioned; and every Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper, Governor, or Superintendent whom it may concern, and all Constables and other Persons, shall be bound to obey the aforesaid Order and Orders, be assistant in the Execution thereof, and be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience or interrupting the Execution of the same, as they would be if the same had been made under the Authority of any other Act of Parliament; and every Person so ordered to be transported as aforesaid shall be subject respectively to all and every the Penalties and Provisions made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime, and sentenced to be transported, or receiving His Majesty's Pardon on Condition of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made, every Law and Statute now in force touching the Escape of Felons shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding, abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of His Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender or to any Person applying in his or in His Majesty's Behalf, shewing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the, Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

Imprisonment

XVIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cases of any Person of Offenders. belonging to the Royal Marine Forces being sentenced by any

General

L,

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

29

General or other Court-martial to Imprisonment in any House of Correction, Common Gaol, or Public Prison, the Gaolers and Keepers of such Houses of Correction, Gaols, or Prisons respectively, shall receive into their Custody every such Person, upon receiving an Order in Writing for that Purpose from the Commanding Officer of the Division at which such Court-martial shall have been held, together with a Copy of the Sentence attested by the said Commanding Officer, and shall detain him in Confinement in the Manner and for the Period mentioned in such Sentence, or until he be duly discharged, or shall deliver him up to such Person producing an Order in Writing to that Effect from any such Commanding Officer, although the Period for which he was committed shall not have expired; and every such Gaoler or Keeper refusing or neglecting to receive and confine any such Person, pursuant to such Sentence, or to discharge him upon any such Order, shall, on being convicted thereof, forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall be deemed expedient it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, by any Order in Writing to be made for that Purpose, under the Hand of the said Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners aforesaid, and the Seal of the Office of Admiralty, to change the Place of Confinement expressed in any Sentence of a Court-martial to be held under the Authority of this Act, either previous to the Commitment of the Offender or under any such Sentence, or at any Time during the Period of his Confinement, and so from time to time as often as it shall be deemed requisite; and the Gaoler or other Person having the Custody of such Offender shall, immediately on the Receipt of any such Order, remove and convey such Offender to the Gaol, Prison, or House of Correction mentioned in the said Order so to be made as aforesaid (for the Charges of which Removal and Conveyance he shall be allowed a Sum not exceeding One Shilling per Mile); and every Gaoler or Keeper of such last-mentioned Gaol or House of Correction shall thereupon, and upon being furnished with a Copy of the Sentence of Confinement, and of such Order of Removal, (such Copies respectively to be attested by the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being,) receive into his Custody, and shall confine pursuant to such Sentence, every such Offender, under the like Penalty and Forfeiture, in case of Refusal or Neglect, as is lastly herein-before provided.

XX. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences committed against any former Act made for the Regulation of the Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, or against any of the Rules, Regulations, or Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may during the Continuance of this Act be inquired of and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force, notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act; and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same: Provided

Place of Confinement of Offender* may be changed.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts may be tried

under this Act.

C. 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Limitation as to Time.

Appeal.

Revision of Sentence.

Forfeiture of Pay.

Subsistence of Offenders wFle in Custody.

Arrears of Pay.

always, that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Act or Articles of War which shall appear to have been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased; and provided also, that if any Officer or Marine in any Place beyond the Seas shall commit any of the Offences punishable by Court-martial under this Act, and shall escape, and come or be brought into this Realm, before he be tried for the same, he shall, when apprehended, be tried for the same os if such Offence had been committed within this Realm.

XXI. And be it enacted, That no Person who shall have been acquitted or convicted of any Offence at any Court-martial shall be liable to he tried a Second Time for the same Offence, except in the Case of an Appeal from a Divisional to a General Court-martial; and that no Sentence of any Court-martial, signed by the President thereof, shall be liable to be revised more than once; and no Witness shall be examined nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on such Revision.

XXII. And be it enacted, That every Non-commissioned Officer, Drummer, or Private Marine who shall by the Sentence of any Court of Law or Court-martial, or by the Warrant of a Justice of the Peace, be imprisoned, or who shall be confined for Debt, shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Arrest during the Time of such Imprisonment; and the Gaoler or other Person in whose Custody he shall be shall receive the Sum of Sixpence per Diem out of the Pay of such Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine, to be applied for his Subsistence during the Time he shall continue in Custody; which said Sum shall, under the Authority of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, be paid by the Paymaster of Royal Marines to the said Gaoler, upon the Application in Writing made to the Secretary of the Admiralty by any Justice for the County or Place in which such Gaol shall he situate, accompanied by a Copy of the Order under which the Prisoner is confined; Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Admiral, or the said Commissioners for the Time being, if they shall think fit, to order the Issue and Payment of any Arrears of Pay, or of the Surplus of such Pay, or any Portion thereof, to or on account of such Marine, during or after the Expiration of the Period of his Imprisonment: Provided also, that in case such Imprisonment shall be in any Place of Military Confinement, then the like Allowance of Sixpence per Day for Subsistence shall be made by the Paymaster of Royal Marines to the Marine so imprisoned, in lieu of all Pay or other Allowances: Provided also, that in the Calculation of the Period to entitle a Marine to Pension, or increased Rate of Pay for Services, no Part of the Time during which he may have been imprisoned shall be included.

A.D. 183k

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14<w

SI

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Commissioned Officer who shall be arrested and committed to Prison upon a Charge of any Criminal Offence shall receive any Part of his Pay from the Day of such Commitment till the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong or which he shall be ordered to join; and if he shall be acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, he shall, upon his Return to his Company, with the Approbation of the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, but not otherwise, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay which were growing due during the Time of his Confinement; but if he shall be convicted, he shall forfeit all Right to any Pay from the Day of his Commitment until the Day of his Return to the Company to which he shall belong or which he shall be ordered to join.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate or Person officiating as such at any General Court-martial, or the President of any other Court-martial, shall transmit, with all reasonable Expedition, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty for the Time being; and that the Person tried by any General Court-martial shall, upon Application to the Secretary of the Admiralty, be entitled, at any Time after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months from the Date of such Sentence, but not sooner than Three Months, whether such Sentence be approved or not, to a Copy of the Proceedings and Sentence, upon paying reasonably for the same, according to the Length thereof; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Marine shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from His Majesty's Service, although he may of Right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and if such Person shall be claimed as a Deserter by the Corps to which he originally belonged, and be tried as a Deserter therefrom, or shall be tried as a Deserter from any other Corps into which he may have enlisted, or if he shall be tried while actually serving in some Corps for Desertion from any other Corps, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he shall be under Trial, as well as every previous Conviction for any other Offence, may be given in Evidence, as an Aggravation of the Crime for which he shall be under Trial; and in like Manner, upon the Trial of any Marine for any Offence whatever, any previous Convictions may be given in Evidence against him; provided that no such Evidence shall be received in any Case until after the Court shall have found the Prisoner guilty, and then only for the Purpose of fixing Punishment; and provided that in all Cases previous Notice shall have been given to the Offender of the Intention to produce such Evidence upon his Trial.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Constable of any Place where any Person reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, or of any adjoining Place, and if no such Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer,

Pay of Commissioned Officers charged with Criminal

OflfeDcea.

Report of Proceedings of Courts- tnaftial.

Subsequent Enlistment no -Protection from Punishment for Desertion.

Apprehension of Deserters *

32

C. 14.

I°GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

Reward for apprehending Marines attempting to desert.

Marine, or other Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the same or any adjoining County, who hath hereby Power to examine such »u*pected Person; and if, by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear that such suspected Person is a Marine unlawfully absent from his Duty, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to the nearest or most convenient public Prison in the same or any next adjoining County, and shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed for that Purpose in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary of the Admiralty, with a Description of the Person of such Deserter, and the Name of the Division to which he shall belong, and also certifying the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended; and if the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, shall be satisfied such last-mentioned Persons are justly entitled to a Reward for such Apprehension, the said Secretary shall in return tiansrait to such Justice an Order upon the Paymaster of Royal Marines the Sum of Twenty Shillings as a Reward to the Persons so certified to be entitled thereto; which Reward shall be paid by the Paymaster, and charged against the Pay and Subsistence of any such Deserter, and stopped out of the same: Provided always, that no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Justice or his Clerk in respect of any Information, Commitment, or Report in the Case of any such Deserter,

XXVII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall voluntarily surrender or deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, or who, upon being apprehended on any Charge, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter from such Forces, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted, and to be a Marine, and shall be liable to serve in the said Forces, whether he shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Marine or not; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall at the Time actually belong to the Royal Marine Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with as a Deserter, or shall be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond, or may be prosecuted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a Marine by such Person shall be sufficient Evidence of the false Pretence and obtaining Money.

XXVIII. And whereas it has been judged expedient, for the Prevention of Desertion, to establish Outlying Parties in the

Vicinity of the respective Divisions of Royal Marines, for the

Purpose of intercepting such Men as may straggle or attempt

to desert from Head Quarters, and it is fit that Encourage-

ment should be given to Persons composing such Parties to be

diligent and active in their Duty in this Behalf; be it therefore enacted, That for and in respect of every Non-commissioned Officer or Private Marine so straggling or attempting to desert, who may be apprehended at a greater Distance from Head Quarters than is allowed by the Articles of War, the Party

or

1° GULIELMI IY.

C. 14*.

33

or Parties by whom he shall be apprehended shall be entitled to a Reward of Ten Shillings, to be paid upon the delivering up of such Marine; which Sum of Ten Shillings shall be charged against and stopped and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every such Non-commissioned Officer and Private Marine, in like Manner as the Reward or Sum of Twenty Shillings is herein-before directed to be charged against, stopped, and retained out of the Pay and Subsistence of every Deserter.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall in Penalty for any Part of His Majesty's Dominions directly or indirectly per- inducing or as-suade any Marine to desert shall suffer such Punishment by Fine siting to de-or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which the Convic- K

tion may take place shall adjudge; and every Person who shall assist any Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Service in deserting or in concealing himself from such Service, knowing him to be such Deserter, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or other Person Custody and having the immediate Inspection of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Subsistence of Correction, shall diet and supply every Marine in his Custody Ueserters* with Fuel and other Necessaries according to the Regulations of

the Prison to which he shall be so committed, and shall receive on account of every such Marine, during his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Paymaster of Royal Marines shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Marine, upon Application in Writing, signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Prison shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expence of such Prison is defrayed; and all Gaolers and Keepers of Prisons shall and they are hereby authorized and required to receive and confine every Deserter from the Royal Marines who shall be delivered into their Charge by any Officer, Soldier, or Marine conveying any such Deserter under lawful Authority, on the Production of the Warrant or Authority on which such Deserter shall have been taken or detained; and every Gaoler or Keeper so receiving a Deserter shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of him, while halted on the March, and to such daily Subsistence as is herein-before provided for the Maintenance of Marines confined under any Sentence or otherwise.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, having Notice Notice of Ex-that any Person in his Custody is a Marine liable to serve His piration of Im- Majesty, shall, previous to the Expiration of the Peripd of the prisonment. Imprisonment of such Marine, give One Month's Notice, or if

there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer who Penalty for shall, without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Jus- forcible Entry, tices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

1 Gul. IV.

D

34

C. 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Enlisting and swearing of Recruits.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money to serve in the Royal Marines, from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, he being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or attested Marine, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Marine in His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billetted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down! n Writing the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Marine, he shall, within Four Days but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice residing in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Marines; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall record, or cause to be recorded, in Writing, his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to cause the Answers so recorded in Writing, and the First and Second Article of the Second Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read over, in his own Presence, to such Recruit, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for limited or unlimited Service, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths, any Thing in any Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and returning the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to his Enlistment, shall be forthwith discharged in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent to return such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if he had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice; and it shall also be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sum of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, provided it

shall

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

35

hall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto and demanding the same: Provided always, that no Recruit who has actually though erroneously been discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from His Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give to him a Certificate, under his Hand, specifying the Cause thereof.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an Apprentices en-

Apprentice, who shall enlist into His Majesty's Royal Marine listing to be Forces, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall £e

be attested, that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty pirltfo^ofuieir of obtaining Money by false Pretences, and shall, after the Ex- Apprenticeship, piration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Marine;

and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by Punishment of his Master shall be taken from any Division, Detachment, Re- Apprentices eu-cruiting Party, or Ship of His Majesty, except under a Warrant listing.

of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried; and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer), and require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to and a Copy left with the Officer under whose Command the Apprentice shall then be, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place where the Ap-

Erentice shall be apprehended, and shall keep the Indenture to e produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or next succeeding General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on just Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender in Scotland may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment; and any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master: Provided always, that every Apprentice who shall enlist into the Royal Marines during the Period of his Apprenticeship shall be deemed guilty of a Misdemeanor, and upon Conviction be liable to the same Punishment as Offenders convicted of

obtaining

S6

C. 14.

l' GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Offences connected with Enlistment.

obtaining Money under false Pretences are liable to; and every such Apprentice shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been prosecuted or not, be liable to serve in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces; and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, he may be apprehended as a Deserter from His Majesty's Marine Forces.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days as aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Private in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted; provided that in every Case wherein any Recruit shall have received Enlisting Money and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce, to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation, a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that, in the Event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Fact of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned therein, may be transferred into a Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, any Act or any Rules and Regulations to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices before whom such Recruit shall be brought, and who shall be

{>roved, upon Oath before them, to have wilfully concealed his laving been a Marine or Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

37

cealed his having been discharged on any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any Infirmity upon being attested, or designedly made any false Representation as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law now in force may be inflicted on Rogues and Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall thereby obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true Intent and Meaning, if in England, of an Act, intituled An Act for consolidating and amend- 7 & 8 G.4. ing the Laws in England relative to Larceny and other Offences c. 29. connected therewith; and if in Ireland, of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws 9 G.4. c. 55. in Ireland relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oatn sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his having been attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and any Man who, having been enrolled to serve in the Militia, and who at the Time of offering to enlist into the Marines shall deny that he is a Militia Man, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon the Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation and the before-mentioned Declaration of such Person, certified by the Secretary of the Admiralty, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Division of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces into which he has so enlisted; provided also, that every such Person shall be liable to serve in His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and be liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a

38

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

A.D. 1831.

Yearly Servants enlisting to be entitled to a Proportion of their Wages.

Penalty on Officers offending as to Enlistment

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

Deserter from the Marines if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve therein.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice before whom any Recruit (being a hired Servant) shall be attested, before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he shall have been hired, to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he shall have actually served, to be forthwith paid by the Master, upon whom the said Justice shall make an Order accordingly, and if the same be not paid within Four Days shall enforce the Payment thereof by the same Means as pecuniary Penalties may under this Act be recovered before a Justice.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That every Marine Officer who shall designedly act contrary to the Provisions of this Act, in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for His Majesty's Service, shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in His Majesty's Service.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Marine in His Majesty's Service, unless such Master shall, within One Calendar Mouth next after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice, and take and subscribe the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and at the Time of making his Claim produce to the Officer under whose Command the Recruit shall be the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; nor unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years (not having been above the A^e of Fourteen when so bound), and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least (not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound), and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract of Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment, and unless such Contract or indenture so duly executed shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign; nor unless any such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty-one Years of Age; provided that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid; and any such Master who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting

of

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

39

of such Apprentice, shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

XLI. And be it enacted, That Musters, as has been customary, shall be taken of every Division or Company of Royal Marines once in every Calendar Month, as shall be appointed: and no Officer or Marine shall be absent from such Muster unless duly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Corps, or sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person belonging to His Majesty's Service who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, thereby to excuse any Person from any Muster or other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall willingly allow or sign any false Muster or Duplicate thereof, or shall directly or indirectly take or receive any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Person, or for signing any Muster Roll or Duplicate, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, shall, upon Proof by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, for any such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in the Service of His Majesty; and any Person, who shall fraudulently offer or procure himself to be falsely mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Proof thereof by the Oaths of Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and the Informer, if he belong to His Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged; and if any Person not belonging to His Majesty's Service shall give or sign any untrue Certificate of Illness or otherwise, in order to excuse any Officer or Marine from Appearance at any Muster, or whereby His Majesty's Service may be defrauded, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLII. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists of Royal Marines required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice of the Peace, without Fee or Reward to himself or his Clerk.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Officer of His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces of the Rank of Captain or of a superior Rank, or any Adjutant of Militia, within convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Marine on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice, who shall be satisfied of such Necessity, to grant an Extension of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Division or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Secretary of the Admiralty, in order that the necessary Allowance of Pay and Subsistence may be remitted to the Marine, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter;

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters.

Verifying of Muster Rolls.

Extension of Furlough in case of Sickness.

40

C. 14.

1°GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Bi I letting of Marines.

provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed ta exempt any Marine from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provision of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Officer or Justice so extending the Furlough, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him iu applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That every Marine upon being discharged from the Service shall be entitled to an Allowance (not exceeding in any Case the Amount of Twenty-one Days Pay) to enable him to reach his Home, which Allowance shall be calculated according to the Distance he has to travel: Provided always, that no Person who shall purchase his Discharge or be discharged on account of Misbehaviour, or at his own Desire, shall be entitled to any such Allowance.

XLV. And whereas there is and may be Occasion for the marching and also for the quartering of the Royal Marine 1 Forces when on Shore be it enacted, That during the Continuance of this Act, upon the Order or Orders in Writing in that Behalf under the Hand of the Lord High Admiral, or the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, it shall be lawful for all Constables and other Persons specified in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Marines whether marching or otherwise, and also all Staff and Field Officers' Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to the Royal Marine Forces, when on actual Service (not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is allowed by His Majesty's Regulations), in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act, taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House; and they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses, and be furnished with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates herein-after provided; and at no Times when Marines are on a March shall any of them be billetted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Marines shall be billetted in pursuance of this Act, the Officers and their Horses shall be billetted in One and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Marines on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were therein locally situate: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Marines out of the County to which such Constable belongs, when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present, and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Marines and Horses present to be billetted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 41

having an undue Proportion of Marines billetted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Marines are billetted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Marines to be removed and to be billetted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any Horses belonging to the Officers of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billetted upon the Occupiers of Houses who shall have no Stables, then, upon a written Requisition of the Officer commanding such Marines, the Contable is hereby required to billet the Horses upon some other Person having Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Marines billetted upon them; and any Two or more Justices of the Peace may order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons relieved to the Persons receiving such Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and the Commanding Officer may exchange any Man or Horse billetted in any Place with another Man or Horse billetted in the same Place, for the Convenience or Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Marines requiring Billets, to extend any Route, or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to His Majesty's Service:

Provided always, that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billetting Marines, it shall be lawful for any Justice, within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Marines who shall be quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Marines are billetted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Signs, if any, belonging to their Houses; and it shall be lawful to billet Officers and Marines in Scotland, according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh: Provided always, that no Justice, being an Officer of Royal Marines, shall directly or indirectly be concerned in billetting or appointing Quarters under this Act.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Person Allowance to on whom any Marine is billetted in England shall, if required by Innkeepers, such Marine, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and small Beer as may be fixed by His Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread,

One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper, and for such Meal the

42 C. 14. 1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Supply of Carriages *

Innholder, or other Person furnishing the same, shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders, and other Persons on whom Marines may be billetted in England, (except on the March, when they are entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid,) shall furnish such Marines with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the Use of Fire and the necessary Utensils for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of a Halfpenny per Diem for each Marine; and the Sum to be paid the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall be billetted, in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Tenpencener Diem for each Horse, and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Persons for Horses billetted, by virtue of this Act, shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority, from time to time, the same to be regulated by the Average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland, and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract, and not by the Occupiers of the Houses in which they are billetted, the Sum of Four-pence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who shall actually receive the Pay and Subsistence of the said Men shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters, if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons on whom such Men are billetted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any such Officer shall not pay the same, then upon Complaint, and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Session for the County or City where such Quarters are situate, the Secretary of the Admiralty is hereby required, upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath shall be made of the Sum due to the Complainant, to order the Paymaster of Royal Marines to pay the Amount due, and charge the same against such Officer; and in case of any Marines being suddenly ordered *to march, and of the Commanding Officer not being enabled to make immediate Payment of the Sums due on account of the Billets, every such Officer shall before his Departure make up the Account with every Person upon whom any such Marines may have been billetted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate, on being transmitted to the Paymaster of Royal Marines, shall be by him immediately paid, and charged to the Officer's Account.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision of Carriages for the Royal Marine Forces and their Baggage, on their Marches in England and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by Order of the said Lord High Admiral, or Two or more of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, shall, on the Production of such Order to them, or any One or more of them, by the Officer or Noncommissioned Officer of the Party of Marines so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which such Marines shall

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

be ordered to march (for each of which Warrants a Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid), requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned (allowing sufficient Time to do the same), specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Number of Miles shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed the Day's March prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and in case 'sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burthen of providing Carriages may mil equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Marines maybe quartered on the March, the Justice or Justices residing nearest to such Place shall cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Person), and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all Respects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, so far as the same can be done.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England, for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel. One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Nine-pence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland, for every Hundred Weight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total additional Sum per Mile of Four-pence, Threepence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, and Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions in England, for their respective Districts; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions; (and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the Admiralty within Three Days after the making thereof; ) and also in England, when the Day's March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation,

Rates for Carriages.

44

C. 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18SI.

Exemption from Tolls.

not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert, in his own Hand, in the Warrant, the Amount thereof, and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding as his Voucher: Provided always, that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay down the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the Owners or Drivers of, the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be 'made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in Presence of a Justice or Constable: Provided also, that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight m England and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland, consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Three-pence a Mile for each Car, and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading' of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expence of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of His Majesty's Service; and the providing and paying for Carriages in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England: Provided also, that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; and that no Penalties or forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses or Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, nor shall any such Carriages on that Account be stopped or detained.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Marines, being in proper Uniform, Dress or Undress, and their Horses, and afi Carriages and Horses when employed in conveying Persons or Baggage under the Provisions of this Act, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from the Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue or any Act already made or hereafter to be made; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal, from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats, Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto; and that when any Officers or Marines on Service shall have Occasion in the March to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding shall be at liberty to pass over with his Marines as Passengers, paying for himself and each Marine One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by Passengers,

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14. 45

or he shall be at liberty to hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring all others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat

L. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Person, who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billetting any Officers or Marines in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall presume to billet any such Officer or Marine in any House not within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Officer or Marine on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be Kiven before the Arrival of such Marines; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving any such Officer or Marine; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Marine in any sych Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person appointed by such Constable to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of such Warrants shall be hindered; or if any Person liable by this Act tq have any Officer or Marine quartered on him shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, or to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Marines, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse, at the Rate established by any Act in force in that respect; or shall pay any Sum of Money to any Marine on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Marine is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, and other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LI. And be it enacted, That if any Officer of Royal Marines shall take upon him to quarter Men otherwise than is allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Justice, Constable, or other Civil Officer, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or to do any Thing contrary thereto, such Officer shall for every such Offence, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses, be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in His Majesty's Service; provided a Certificate thereof be forthwith transmitted by the said Justices to the Secretary of the Admiralty, and that the Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County to be held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Marine Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Marines, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants

Penalties upon Civil Subjects offending against the Laws relating to Billets and Carriages.

Penalty upon Officers of Marines so offending.

46 C. 14. 1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Penalty for purchasing Clothes, &c. from any Marine.

Penalty on Officers killing Game.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

of any Officer or Marine in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall for any of the said Offences, upon being convicted thereof before a General Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency, for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Marine or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same shall be required and can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, he shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds or less than Forty Shillings.

LII. And be it enacted, That any Person who fchall unlawfully have in his or her Possession or Keeping, or who shall knowingly detain, buy, or exchange, or otherwise receive, any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, Cap. or other Military Furniture or Appointments, from any Marine or Marine Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever, or any other Articles belonging to any Marine or Marine Deserter, which are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Royal Marine Corps, or shall change or cause the Colour or Mark of any such Clothes, Appointments, or Necessaries to be changed or defaced, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any. Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property as in the Case of stolen Goods.

LIII. And for the better Preservation of the Game and Fish in or near such Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Person or Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom, and who upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LIV. And be it enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, residing in Barracks or elsewhere under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parish Poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

47

LV. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the United King- Mode of re-dona, within whose Jurisdiction any Marine having a Wife, Child, cording a or Children, shall be quartered, may summon such Marine before Manne Settle-him (which Summons such Marine is hereby required to obey), Bacnt* and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person so examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, although such Marine be dead or absent from the Kingdom: Provided always that in case any Marine shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy being produced, such Marine shall not be obliged to make any other or further Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave with such Justice a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LVI. And be it enacted, That all Oaths which are. authorized Administration or required by this Act may be administered (unless where other- of Oaths, wise provided) by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person giving false Evidence or taking a false Perjury.

Oath in any Case wherein an Oath is authorized or required to be taken by this Act, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or may be subject and liable to.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two Licences of Justices of the Peace within their respective Jurisdictions, to Canteens, grant or transfer any Licence for selling by Retail any Spirit,

Beer, Wine, Cider, or Perry to any Person or Persons applying for the same who shall hold any Canteen under any iJease thereof, or by Agreement or other Authority under the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, for the Time being, or from the Paymaster and Inspector General of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, without regard to the Time of Year, or any Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences, and the Commissioners of Excise within their respective Districts shall also grant or transfer any such Licence as aforesaid; and such Persons holding such Canteens, and having such Licences as aforesaid, may sell therein Victuals, and all such exciseable Liquors as they shall be licensed and empowered to sell, without being subject for so doing to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatever.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Action shall be brought Limitation of against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial to be assembled Actions, under the Authority of this Act, in respect of the Proceedings or the Sentence thereof, or against any other Person for any Thing done in pursuance or under the Authority of this Act, the same shall be brought in some one of the Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and that it shall be lawful for the Defendant or

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

C. 14.

Defendants therein to plead thereto the General Issue, and to give all special Matter in Evidence on the Trial; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant iq any such Action, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, the Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the Matter shall be tried shall allow the Defendant Treble Costs, for the Recovery of which he shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

LIX. And be it enacted, That all Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value and Treble Value shall and may be recovered, in any Part of the United Kingdom, before One or more Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others; and by another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders, for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables: Provided always, that in all Cases in which vthere shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Months; which said recited Acts shall be used and applied in Scotland for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures as fully to all Intents as if the said recited Acts had extended to Scotland, any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of His Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed. exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action m some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

Appropriation

LX. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every such Penalty of Penalties. or Forfeiture (not including any Treble Value of any Articles) shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, or where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, then the whole of the Penalty, shall be paid over to the Paymaster of the Royal Marine Forces, to be applied in such Manner as the Lord High Admiral or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral shall direct; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days thereafter at the furthest, report

8

4

Recovery of Penalties.

S G.4. c. 23. 5 G.4. c. 18.

A.D. 1831. P GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

the same and his Adjudication thereof to the Secretary of the Admiralty.

LXI. And be it enacted, That all Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Marines shall be construed to include Non-commissioned Officers and Drummers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithingmen, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, and Places in England and Ireland, who shall act in the Execution of this Act; and all Provisions for billetting Marines in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then Marines may be billetted in such Manner as has been heretofore customary: Provided always, that no Officer or Marine shall be billetted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance or Marine Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London, admitted to their Freedom of that Company in Right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken out Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul, duly accredited as such.

LXII. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens of every Parish in England, and the Constable or other Officer of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary of the Admiralty of the Name of any Marine belonging to the said Parish or Place who has for meritorious Conduct received His Majesty's special Approbation, or who in consequence of Misconduct has been dismissed His Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of such Notification.

LXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces shall, during the Time they shall be respectively borne on the Books of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, either as Part of the Complement or as Supernumeraries, or otherwise, be subject and liable in every respect to the Lnws for the Government of His Majesty's Forces by Sea, and to 1 Gul. IV. E the

49

Definition of Terms.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Marines.

Marines to be subject to the Discipline of the Navy while onboard Ship.

50

C. 14.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Duration of Act.

Alteration of Act.

the Rules and Discipline of the Royal Navy, and shall and may be proceeded against and punished for Offences committed by them while so borne, in the same Manner as the Officers and Seamen employed in the Royal Navy may be tried or punished,

LXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of March Onc thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and within Ireland from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and within the Garrison of Gibraltar, and in Spain and Portugal, from the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, until the Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and in all other Parts of Europe where Royal Marine Forces may be serving, and the West Indies and North America and Cape of Good Hope, from the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, to the Twenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive; and in all other Places from the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight *hundred and thirty-one, to the Twenty-fifth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two inclusive.

LXV. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any other Act or Acts to be passed during this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial. VOU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

I do swear, That I will truly administer Justice,

according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Regulation of the said Forces while on Shore, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, accord ing to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

FORM of Oath of Judge Advocate.

I do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

A whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

51

QUESTIONS to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

1. What is your Name ?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what

County, were you born ?

3. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject

to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour ?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Royal Marine

Forces until you shall be legally discharged ?

9. On what Day and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Do you now belong to the Militia?

12. Do you belong to any Regiment, or to the Marines, Ord-

nance, or Navy ?

13. Have you served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or

Navy?

Note. — The Justice is directed, in putting the 11th Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprize the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

OATH to be taken by a Recruit enlisting.

J do make Oath, That the above Questions have

been separately put to me, that the Answers thereto have been read over to me, and that they are the same that gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies; and will observe and obey all Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers, set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand

__________Signature of the Recruit.

__________1__________Witness present.

Sworn before me at this Day of 1

One thousand eight hundred and J

Signature of the Justice.

C. 14. P GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18S1.

CERTIFICATE to be given by the Justice.

Description of

Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Any distinctive Mark.

1 T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit. J of do hereby certify, That the above is the Description of the Recruit; and in my presence all the

aforegoing Questions were put to the said; that the

Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the Second and Third Sections of the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore, against Mutiny and Desertion, were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day;

and that I have given him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

__________Signature of the Justice.

FORM of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a

A, and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day

of for the Term of Years; and that the said

did on or about the Day of last abscond and quit

my Service without my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years.

Witness my Hand at the Day of One

thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of 1

One thousand eight hundred and J

FORM of Justice's Certificate to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

1 T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit. j of certify, That of came

before me at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and, and made Oath that he was by Trade a

, and that was bound to serve as an

Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that

the said Apprentice did on or about the Day of

abscond and quit the Service of the said without

his Consent, and that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

DESCRIPTION Return of committed to Confinement at on the Day of

a8 a Deserter from the Royal Marines.

Age. Size. Complexion. Colour of Mark. Probable Date of Enlistment, and in what District. Probable Date of Desertion, & from whence. Name, Occupation, and Address of the Person by whom apprehended. Particulars of the Evidence upon which the Prisoner is committed. Whether the Prisoner confessed before the Magistrate that he Is a Deserter.

Feet. Inches. Hair. Eyes.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he a Deserter from the before-mentioned Corps.

---- Signature and Address of Magistrate.

— Signature of Prisoner.

Signature of Informer.

Insert " is* or " is not, *' as the Case may be.

f I certify that I have inspected the Prisoner* and consider him fit for active Service.

Signature of Surgeon

+ If a Military Medical Officer be at or near the Place, he will inspect the Deserter, and report as to his Fitness for' Military Service.

Oi

CO

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 14.

54

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1831.

Number of Forces.

Crimes punish* able by Death.

CAP. XV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[15th March 1831.]

WHEREAS the raising or keeping a Standing Army within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Time of Peace, unless it be with the Consent of Parliament, is against Law: And whereas it is adjudged necessary by His Majesty, and this present Parliament, that a Body of Forces should be continued for the safety of the United Kingdom, the Defence of the Possessions of His Majesty's Crown, and the Preservation of the Balance of Power in Europe, and that the whole Number of such Forces should consist of Eighty-eight thousand four hundred and ninety-six Men, exclusive of the Officers and Men belonging to the Regiments employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company, but including the Officers and Men of the Troops and Companies recruiting for those Regiments: And whereas no Man can be forejudged of Life or Limb, or subjected in Time of Peace to any Kind of Punishment within this Realm, by Martial Law, or in any other Manner than by the Judgment of his Peers, and according to the known and established Laws of this Realm; yet nevertheless, it being requisite, for the retaining all the before-mentioned Forces in their Duty,

that an exact Discipline be observed, and that Soldiers who shall mutiny or stir up Sedition, or shall desert His Majesty's Service,

be brought to a more exemplary and speedy Punishment than the usual Forms of the Law will allow Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person who is or shall be commissioned or in Pay as an Officer, or who is or shall be listed or in Pay as a Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier, shall, at any Time during the Continuance of this Act, begin, excite, cause, or join in any Mutiny or Sedition in His Majesty's Land or Marine Forces, or shall not use his utmost Endeavours to suppress the same, or coming to the Knowledge of any Mutiny or intended Mutiny shall not, without Delay, give Information thereof to his Commanding Officer; or shall misbehave himself before the Enemy; or shall shamefully abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to his Charge, or which he shall be commanded to defend; or shall compel the Governor or Commanding Officer of any Garrison, Fortress, or Post, to deliver up to the Enemy or to abandon the same; or shall speak Words or use any other Means to induce such Governor or Commanding Officer, or others, to misbehave before the Enemy, or shamefully to abandon or deliver up any Garrison, Fortress, Post, or Guard committed to their respective Charge, or which he or they shall be commanded to defend; or shall leave his Post before relieved, or shall be found sleeping on his Post; or shall hold Correspondence with or give Advice or Intelligence to any Rebel or Enemy of His

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

55

Majesty's , either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, in any Manner or Way whatsoever; or shall treat or enter into any Terms with such Rebel or Enemy, without His Majesty's Licence, or Licence of the General or Chief Commander; or shall strike or use any Violence against his Superior Officer, being in the Execution of his Office, or shall disobey any lawful Command of his Superior Officer; or shall desert His Majesty's Service; all and every Person and Persons so offending in any of the Matters before mentioned, whether such Offence shall be committed within this Realm, or in any other of His Majesty's Dominions, or in Foreign Parts, upon Land or upon the Sea, shall suffer Death, or such other Punishment as by a Court-martial shall be awarded.

II. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to exempt any Officer or Soldier from being proceeded against by the ordinary Course of Law; and any Commanding Officer who shall neglect or refuse, when Application is made to him for that Purpose, to deliver over to the Civil Magistrate any Officer or Soldier accused of any Capital Crime, or of any Violence or Offence against the Person, Estate, or Property of any of His Majesty's Subjects, which is punishable by the known Laws of the Land, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to assist the Officers of Justice in apprehending such Offender, shall, upon Conviction thereof in any Prosecution in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, Dublin, or Edinburgh, be deemed to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain, and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service, and a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted to the Judge Advocate in London; provided that no Person, being acquitted or convicted of any Capital Crime, Violence, or Offence, by the Civil Magistrate, or by the Verdict of a Jury, shall be liable to be punished by a Court-martial for the 6ame otherwise than by cashiering.

III. And be it enacted, That no Person whatever (except an Apprentice) enlisted into His Majesty's Service as a Soldier shall be liable to be arrested or taken therefrom by reason of the Warrant of any Justice, on account of any Breach of Contract or Engagement to serve or work for any Employer; and no Person enlisted as a Soldier, or serving as a Non-commissioned Officer or Drummer on the permanent Staff of the disembodied Militia, shall be liable to be taken out of His Majesty's Service by any Process or Execution whatsoever, other than for 6ome Criminal Matter, unless an Affidavit shall be made by the Plaintiff, or some one on his Behalf, for which no fee shall be taken, before some Judge of the Court out of which such Process or Execution shall issue, or before some Person authorized to take Affidavits in such Courts, of which Affidavit a Memorandum shall, without Fee, be endorsed upon the Back of such Process, that the original Debt for which the Action has been brought or Execution sued out amounts to the Value of Thirty Pounds at least, over and above all Costs of Suit in the Action or Actions on which the same shall be grounded; and any Judge of such Court may examine into any Complaints made by a Soldier, or by his Superior Officer, and by Warrant under his Hand discharge such Soldier without Fee, he

The ordinary Course of Law not to be interfered with.

Soldiers not to be taken away from the Service for Debts under SOI.

56

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

The King may make Articles of War in conformity with this Act.

Constitution of Courts-martial.

being shewn to be duly enlisted, and to have been arrested contrary to the Intent of this Act, and shall award reasonable Costs to such Complainant, who shall have for the Recovery thereof the like Remedy as would have been applicable to the Recovery of any Costs which might have been awarded against the Complain* ant in any Judgment or Execution as aforesaid; provided that any Plaintiff, upon Notice of the Cause of Action first given in Writing to any Soldier, or left at his last Place of Residence before such Listing, may file a Common Appearance in any Action to be brought for or upon account of any Debt whatsoever, and proceed therein to Judgment and Outlawry, and have Execution other than and against the Body.

IV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to make Articles of War for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, which Articles shall be judicially taken notice of by all Judges, and in all Courts whatsoever; and Copies of the same, printed by the King's Printer, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been made and established by His Majesty, be transmitted by His Majesty's Secretary at War, signed with his own Hand and Name, to the Judge of His Majesty's Superior Courts at Westminster, Dublin, and Edinburgh respectively, and also to the Governors of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad; provided that no Person within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the British Isles, shall be subject by such Articles of War to any Punishment extending to Life or Limb for any Crime which is not expressed to be so punishable by this Act, nor in any Manner or under any Regulations which shall not accord with the Provisions of this Act.

V. And be it enacted, That His Majesty may from time to time grant a Commission, under the Royal Sign Manual, for the holding of General Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in like Manner as has been heretofore used; and that for bringing Offenders against the Articles of War to Justice it shall be lawful for His Majesty to erect and constitute Courts-martial within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, as well as to grant His Royal Commissions or Warrants to the Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, the Commander of the Forces, or the Person or Persons commanding in chief, or commanding for the Time being, any Body of His Majesty's Forces, as well within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and British Isles, as in any of His Majesty's Garrisons and Dominions or elsewhere beyond the Seas, for convening as well as for authorizing any Officer under their respective Command, not below the Degree of a Field Officer, to convene Courts-martial, as Occasion may require, for the Trial of Offences committed by any of the Forces under their several Command, whether the same shall have been committed before or after such Officer shall have taken upon himself such Command; and any Person subject to this Act, who shall in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Sea or elsewhere commit any of the Offences for which he may be liable to be tried by Courts-martial by virtue of this Act, may be tried and punished for the same in any other Part of His Majesty's Dominions where he may have come after the Commission

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

57

of the Offence, as if the Offence had been committed where such Trial shall take place.

VI. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial convened Composition of in any Part of the King's Dominions, (Bermuda Africa, and Neva General South Wales excepted,) or in the Settlements of the East India Court martial' Company, shall, in order to have Power to try a Commissioned

Officer, or to pass Sentence of Death or Transportation on any Offender, consist of not less than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, in which Sentence of Death Nine at the least of the Officers of any Court consisting of Thirteen shall concur; and if to try any Person not of the Rank of a Commissioned Officer, shall consist of not less than Nine; and such General Courts-martial convened in Bermuda, or out of the King s Dominions, excepting Africa and New South Wales, shall have not less than Seven, and in Africa and New South Wales not less than Five Commissioned Officers; and in all Cases where such General Courts-martial as aforesaid shall consist of more or fewer Officers than Thirteen, no Judgment of Death shall pass without the Concurrence of Two Thirds at the least of the Officers present; and the President shall in no Case be the Officer commanding in chief or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had, nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

VII. And be it enacted, That a General Court-martial may Powers of sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and General with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place Courtwn*rt, *L which die Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, and

Neglect of Duty; and a General Court-martial may, in addition to any such Punishment as aforesaid, sentence any Offender to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and Pension on Discharge; and whensoever any General Court-martial by which any Soldier shall have been tried and convicted of any Offence punishable with Death shall not think the Offence deserving of Capital Punishment, such Court-martial may, instead of awarding a Corporal Punishment or Imprisonment, adjudge the Offender, according to the Degree of the Offence, to be transported as Felon for Life or for a certain Term of Years, or may sentence him to general Service as a Soldier in any Corps and in any Country or Place which His Majesty shall thereupon direct, or may, if such Offender shall have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, sentence him to serve for Life as a Soldier in any Corps which His Majesty shall please to direct; and the Court may, in addition to any other Punishment, sentence such Offender to forfeit all Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension on Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Offender; provided that in all Cases where a Capital Punishment shall have been awarded by a General Court-martial, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, for the Officer commanding in chief the Forces at the Presidency to which the Offender shall belong, instead of causing such Sentence to be carried into execution, to order the Offender to be transported as a Felon, either for Life or for a certain Term of Years, as shall seem meet to His Majesty, or, if in the East Indies, to the Officer commanding as

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Trial by General Court-martial for .Embezzlement,

Powers of District or Garrison Courts-martial.

aforesaid; and if any Person transported as a Felon, whether in pursuance of the original Sentence of the Court-martial, or in pursuance of such Order from His Majesty, shall afterwards return or be found at large, without Leave from His Majesty or other lawful Authority, within any Part of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad or at Home, other than the Place to which he shall have been transported, before the Expiration of the Term limited bj such Sentence or Order, and shall be duly convicted thereof shall suffer Death as a Felon.

VIII. And be it enacted, That every Paymaster or other Commissioned Officer of His Majesty's Forces, or any Person employed in the Ordnance or Commissariat Department, or in any Manner in the Care or Distribution of any Money, Provisions, Forage, or Stores, who shall embezzle or fraudulently misapply, or be concerned in or connive at the Embezzlement, fraudulent Misapplication, or Damage of any Money, Provisions, Forage, Arms, Clothing, Ammunition, or other Military Stores belonging to His Majesty's Forces or for His Use, may be tried for the same by a General Court-martial, which may adjudge any such Offender to be transported as a Felon for Life or for any certain Term of Years, or to suffer such Punishment of Fine, Imprisonment, Dismissal from His Majesty's Service, and Incapacity of serving His Majesty in any Office, Civil or Military, as such Court shall think fit, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; and every such Offender shall, in addition to any other Punishment, make good at his own Expence the Loss and Damage sustained, which shall have been ascertained by such Court-martial; and the Loss and Damage so ascertained as aforesaid shall be a Debt to His Majesty, and may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or in any Court in His Majesty's Colonies where a Person sentenced by such Court-martial shall be resident, after the said Judgment shall be confirmed and made known.

IX. And be it enacted, That a District or Garrison Court-martial shall consist of not less than Seven Commissioned Officers, except in Bermuda, Africa, and New South Wales, where it may consist of not less than Five Commissioned Officers, and may sentence any Soldier to any Imprisonment, solitary or otherwise, and with or without hard Labour, in any public Prison or other Place which such Court may appoint, or to Corporal Punishment, not extending to Life or Limb, for Immorality, Misbehaviour, or Neglect of Duty; and such Court may, in addition to either of the said Punishments, sentence a Soldier to Forfeiture of all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, for disgraceful Conduct,

In wilfully maiming or injuring himself, or any other Soldier, at the Instance of such Soldier, with Intent to render himself or such other Soldier unfit for the Service:

In tampering with his Eyes:

In malingering, feigning Disease, absenting himself from Hospital whilst under Medical Care, or other gross Violation of the Rules of any Hospital, thereby wilfully producing or aggravating Disease or Infirmity, or wilfully delaying his Cure:

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

59

In purloining or selling Government Stores:

In stealing any Money or Goods, the Property of a Comrade, of a Military Officer, or of any Military or Regimental Mess:

In producing false or fraudulent Accounts or Returns:

In embezzling or fraudulently misapplying Public Money intrusted to him:

Or for any other disgraceful Conduct, being of a cruel, indecent, unnatural, felonious, or fraudulent Nature:

And such Offender may be further put under Stoppages, not exceeding Two Thirds of his daily Pay, until the Amount be made good of any Loss or Damage arising out of his Misconduct; and if any Soldier shall be convicted of any such disgraceful Conduct, and shall be sentenced to Forfeiture of his Claim to Pension, the Court may further recommend him to be discharged with Ignominy from His Majesty's Service; and any such Court shall deprive a Soldier, if convicted of the Charge of habitual Drunkenness, of his Allowance in lieu of Beer or Liquor, or of additional Payi or of such Portion of his daily Pay, for any Period not exceeding Two Years, as may accord with His Majesty's Articles of War, subject to Restoration on subsequent good Conduct; and in addition to any such Punishment, the Court may, if it shall think fit, sentence such Offender to Imprisonment or to Corporal Punishment; provided that in all the foregoing Cases the Sentences of a District or Garrison Court-martial shall be confirmed by the General Officer, Governor, or Senior Officer in command of the District, Garrison, Island, or Colony; and the President of every Court-martial, other than a General Court-martial, not being under the Rank of Captain, shall be appointed by the Officer convening such Court-martial; provided that such Court-martial shall not have Power to pass any Sentence of Death or Transportation.

X. And be it enacted, That in Cases of Mutiny and gross Insubordination, or any Offences committed on the Line of March, the Offence may be tried by a Regimental Court-martial, and the Sentence confirmed and carried into execution on the Spot by the Officer in the immediate Command of the Troops, provided that the Sentence shall not exceed that which a Regimental Court is competent to award; and a Regimental Court-martial may sentence any Soldier to Imprisonment, with or without hard Labour, for any Period not exceeding Thirty Days, and to solitary Confinement not exceeding Twenty Days.

XI. And be it enacted, That every Soldier convicted of Desertion by a General, or District, or Garrison Court-martial, shall thereupon forfeit all Advantage as to additional Pay, and to Pension on Discharge, in addition to any other Punishment which such Court may award; and it shall be lawful for any Court-martial, empowered to try the Crime of Desertion, in addition to any other Punishment, to direct that the Offender be marked on the Left Side, Two Inches below the Arm-pit, with the Letter (D.), such Letter not to be less than an Inch long, and to be marked upon the Skin with some Ink or Gunpowder, or other Preparation, so as to be visible and conspicuous, and not liable to be obliterated.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer commanding any District, Detachment, or Portion of His Majesty's Troops which may at any Time be serving out of His Majesty's

Dominions,

Regimental

Court-martial.

Marking a Deserter.

Powers of m Detachment Court-Martial

60

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Mixture of Officers upon Courts-martial.

Power to administer Oaths.

Proceedings of Courts-martial.

Dominions, upon Complaint made to him of any Offence committed against the Property or Person of any Inhabitant of or Resident in any such Countries, by any Person serving with or belonging to His Majesty's Armies, being under the immediate Command of any such Officer, to summon and cause to assemble a Court-martial, which shall consist of not less than Three Officers, for the Purpose of trying any such Person, notwithstanding any such Officer shall not have received any Warrant empowering him to assemble Courts-martial; and every such Court-martial shall have the same Powers in regard to summoning and examining Witnesses, Trial of and Sentence upon Offenders, as are granted by this Act to General Courts-martial; provided that no Sentence of any such Court-martial shall be executed until the General commanding in chief the Army of which the Division, Brigade, Detachment, or Party to which any Person so tried, convicted, and adjudged to suffer Punishment shall belong, shall have approved and confirmed the same.

XIII. And be it enacted, That in certain Cases, where it may he necessary or expedient, Officers of His Majesty's Marine Forces may sit upon Courts-martial in conjunction with Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and such Courts-martial shall be regulated, to all Intents and Purposes, in like Manner as if they were composed of Officers of the Land Forces only, whether the Commanding Officer by whose Orders such Court-martial is assembled belongs to the Land or to the Marine Forces; and Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, and Officers in the Service of the East India Company, when serving together, may be associated in Courts-martial, which shall, to all Intents and Purposes, he regulated in like Manner as if consisting wholly of Officers of His Majesty's Land Forces, or wholly of Officers in the Service of the East India Company; save and except that on the Trial of any Person in His Majesty's Service, the Provisions of this Act, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable; and on the Trial of any Officer or Soldier in the Service of the East India Company, the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, to amend the Laws for punishing Mutiny and Desertion of Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the East India Company, and the Oaths thereby prescribed, shall be applicable, notwithstanding any Officer in the actual Service of the said Company may have a Commission from His Majesty.

XIV. And be it enacted, That all General and other Courts-martial shall have Power and Authority and are hereby required to administer an Oath to every Witness or other Person who shall be examined before such Court in any Matter relating to any Proceedings before the same.

XV. And be it enacted, That in all Trials by Courts-martial to be held by virtue of this Act every Member assisting at such Trial, before any Proceedings be had thereupon, shall take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Judge Advocate or his Deputy, or Person officiating as such, and on Trials by other Courts-martial, before the President of such Court, who are hereby respectively authorized to administer the same, and any sworn Member shall administer the Oath to the President; and as soon as the said Oaths shall have been administered

1° GULIELMI IV.

0.15.

to the respective Members, the President of the Court is hereby authorized and required to administer to the Judge Advocate, or, the Person officiating as such, the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and no Proceeding or Trial shall be had upon any Offence but between the Hours of Eight of the Clock in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, except in Cases which require an immediate Example, and except in the East Indies, where such Proceedings or Trial may be had between the Hours of Six in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon: Provided also, that all Witnesses duly summoned by the Judge Advocate, or the Person officiating as such, or by the President of a District or Garrison Court-martial, shall, during their necessary Attendance in such Courts, and in going to and returning from the same, be privileged from Arrest, and shall, if unduly arrested, be discharged by the Court out of which the Writ or Process issued by which such Witness was arrested; or if such Court be not sitting, then by any Judge of the Court of King's Bench in London or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies or elsewhere, according as the Case shall require, upon its being made to appear to such Court or Judge, by Affidavit in a summary Way, that such Witness was arrested in going to or returning from or attending upon such Court-martial; and that all Witnesses so duly summoned as aforesaid who shall not attend on such Courts, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or being sworn shall refuse to give Evidence or to answer all such Questions as the Court may legally demand of them, shall be liable to be attached in the Court of King's Bench in London or Dublin, or Court of Session, or Sheriff Depute or Stewarts Depute, or their respective Substitutes, within their several Shires and Stewartries in Scotland, or Courts of Law in the East or West Indies, or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Garrisons, or Dominions in Europe or elsewhere respectively, upon Complaint made, in like Manner as if such Witness had neglected to attend in a Trial in any Proceeding in that Court.

XVI. And be it enacted, That no Officer or Soldier, being Appeal, acquitted or convicted of any Offence, shall be liable to be tried a Second Time by the same or any other Court-martial for the same Offence, unless in the Case of an Appeal from a Regimental to a General Court-martial; and that no Finding, Opinion, or Sentence given by any Court-martial, and signed by the President thereof,

shall be liable to be revised more than once; and no Witness shall be examined nor shall any additional Evidence be received by the Court on such Revision.

XVII. And be it enacted, That every Judge Advocate, or Person Report of Pro-officiating as such at a General Court-martial, or the President ceedings of of any District or Garrison Court-martial, is required to transmit, ^eneral with as much Expedition as the Opportunity of Time and Distance ^urtwnart111-of Place can admit, the original Proceedings and Sentence thereof

to the Judge Advocate General in London, in whose Office they shall be carefully preserved; and any Person tried by a General Court-martial, or any Person in his Behalf, shall be entitled, on Demand, to a Copy of such Sentence and Proceedings (paying reasonably for the same), whether such Sentence shall be approved or not, at any Time not sooner than Six Months if the Trial took

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Transportation from the United Kingdom.

place at Gibraltar or in the Mediterranean, Three Months if at any other Station within Europe, and Twelve Months if elsewhere in His Majesty's Dominions; provided that such Demand as aforesaid shall have been made within the Space of Three Years from the Date of the Approval or other final Decision upon the Proceedings before such General Court-martial.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever His Majesty shall intend that any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed by any Court-martial shall be carried into execution, or shall be graciously pleased to commute as aforesaid to Transportation any Sentence of Death awarded by any such Court, the same, together with Kis Majesty's Pleasure thereupon, shall be notified in Writing by the Officer commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, or in the temporary Absence of such Officer by the Adjutant General, or when there shall not be any Commander-in-Chief of His Majesty's Forces in Great Britain and Ireland, then by the Secretary at War or his Deputy, to any Judge of the King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in England or Ireland, and thereupon such Judge shall make an Order for the Transportation of such Offender in conformity with such Notification, and shall also do all such other Acts consequent upon the same as such Judge is authorized to do by any Act in force touching the Transportation of other Offenders; and the Person in whose Custody such Offender shall at that Time be, and all other Persons whatsoever whom the said Order may concern, shall be bound to obey and shall be assistant in the Execution thereof, and shall be liable to the same Punishment for Disobedience, or for interrupting the Execution of the same, as if the Order had been made under the Authority of any such Act as aforesaid; and every Person so ordered to be transported shall be subject to every Provision made by Law and in force concerning Persons convicted of any Crime and under Sentence of Transportation; and from the Time when such Order of Transportation shall be made, every Act now in force touching the Escape of Felons shall apply to such Offender, and to all Persons aiding and abetting, contriving, or assisting in any Escape or intended Escape of any such Offender; and the Judge who shall make any Order of Transportation as aforesaid shall direct the Notification of His Majesty's Pleasure, and his own Order made thereupon, to be filed and kept of Record in the Office of the Clerk of the Crown of the Court of King's Bench; and the said Clerk shall have a Fee of Two Shillings and Sixpence only for filing the same, and shall, on Application, deliver a Certificate in Writing (not taking more than Two Shillings and Sixpence for the same) to such Offender, or to any Person applying in his or in His Majesty's Behalf, shewing the Christian and Surname of such Offender, his Offence, the Place where the Court was held before whom he was convicted, and the Conditions on which the Order of Transportation was given; which Certificate shall be sufficient Proof of the Conviction and Sentence of such Offender, and also of the Terms on which such Order for his Transportation was given, in any Court and in any Proceeding wherein it may be necessary to inquire into the same.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

63

XIX. And be it enacted, That whenever any Sentence of Transportation heretofore or hereafter passed by any Court-martial holden in the East Indies, or in any Part of His Majesty's Foreign Dominions, is to be carried into execution, or when Sentence of Death has been or shall as aforesaid be commuted to Transportation, the same shall be notified by the Officer commanding in chief His Majesty's Forces at the Presidency or Station, or in his Absence by the Adjutant General for the Time being, to some Judge of One of the Supreme Courts of Judicature in the East Indies, or Chief Justice, or some other Judge, as the Case may be, in any Part of His Majesty's Foreign Dominions, who shall make Order for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender, in such Manner and to or in such Place as shall be specified in any Directions given to such Chief Justice or Judge, in relation to any such Offender, by One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and the necessary Proceedings shall be taken, according to such Order, for the Transportation or intermediate Custody of such Offender; and all Acts in force in such Place touching other Offenders to be transported shall in all respects apply as well to the Offender himself so to be transported as to all other Persons whatsoever therein concerned.

XX. And be it enacted, That all Crimes and Offences which have been committed against any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, or against any of the Articles of War made and established by virtue of the same, may, during the Continuance of this Act, be inquired of and punished in like Manner as if they had been committed against this Act; and every Warrant for holding any Court-martial under any former Act shall remain in full Force notwithstanding the Expiration of such Act, and all Proceedings of any Court-martial upon any Trial begun under the Authority of such former Act shall not be discontinued by the Expiration of the same; provided that no Person shall be liable to be tried and punished for any Offence against any of the said Acts or Articles of War which shall appear to nave been committed more than Three Years before the issuing of the Commission or Warrant for such Trial, unless the Person accused, by reason of his having absented himself, or of some other manifest Impediment, shall not have been amenable to Justice within that Period, in which Case such Person shall be liable to be tried at any Time not exceeding Two Years after the Impediment shall have ceased.

XXI. And be it enacted, That every Soldier shall be liable to be tried and punished for Desertion from any Corps into which he may have enlisted, or from His Majesty's Service, although he may of right belong to the Corps from which he shall have originally deserted; and if such Person shall be claimed as a Deserter by the Corps to which he originally belonged, and be tried as a Deserter therefrom, or shall be tried as a Deserter from any other Corps into which he may have enlisted, or if he shall be tried while actually serving in some Corps for Desertion from any other Corps, every Desertion previous or subsequent to that for which he shall be under Trial, as well as every previous Conviction for any other Offence, may be given in Evidence as an Aggravation

Transportation from the Colonies.

Offences against former Mutiny Acts may be tried under this Act.

Subsequent Enlistment no Protection from Punishment for Desertion.

[Removed: repeated section due to misbinding of book.]

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Apprehension of Deserters.

Fraudulent Confession of Desertion.

of the Crime for which he shall be under Trial; and in like Manner, upon the Trial of any Soldier for any Offence whatever, apy previous Convictions may be given in Evidence against him; provided that no such Evidence shall be received in any Case until after the Court shall have found the Person guilty, and then only for the Purpose of affixing Punishment; and provided that in all Cases previous Notice shall have been given to the Offender of the Intention to produce such Evidence upon his Trial.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Constable of any Place where any Person reasonably suspected to be a Deserter shall be found, or of any adjoining Place, and if no such Constable can be immediately met with, then for any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Service, to apprehend or cause such suspected Person to be apprehended, and to cause him to be brought before any Justice living in or near such Place, and acting for the same or any adjoining County, who hath hereby Power to examine such suspected Person; and if by his Confession, or the Testimony of One or more Witnesses upon Oath, or by the Knowledge of such Justice, it shall appear that such suspected Person is a Soldier, and ought to be with the Corps to which he belongs, such Justice shall forthwith cause him to be conveyed to some public Prison in such Place, or if there be no public Prison in such Place, then, at the Discretion of such Justice of the Peace, to the nearest or most convenient public Prison in the same or any next adjoining County, or to the Provost Marshal, in case such Deserter shall be apprehended within the City or Liberties of Dublin or Places adjacent; and such Justice shall transmit an Account thereof, in the Form prescribed in the Schedule annexed to this Act, to the Secretary at War, or, if the Deserter be apprehended in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary, to the end that such Person may be removed by an Order from the Office of the said Secretary at War, or Chief Secretary in Ireland, and proceeded against according to Law; and such Justice shall also send to the Secretary at War a Report, stating the Names of the Persons by whom the Deserter was apprehended and secured; and the Secretary at War shall transmit to such Justice an order for the Payment to such Persons of such Sum, not exceeding Forty Shillings, as the Secretary at War shall be satisfied they are entitled to, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act: Provided also, that no Fee or Reward shall be taken by any Justice, or his Clerk, in respect of any Information, Commitment, or Report as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall voluntarily deliver himself up as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces or the embodied Militia, or the Forces of the East India Company, or who, upon being apprehended for any Offence, shall, in the Presence of the Justice, confess himself to be a Deserter as aforesaid, shall be deemed to have been duly enlisted and to be a Soldier, and shall be liable to serve in any of His Majesty's Forces, as His Majesty shall think fit to appoint, whether such Person shall have been ever actually enlisted as a Soldier or not; or shall be liable to be punished as a Rogue and Vagabond, or may be prosecuted and punished for obtaining Money under false Pretences; and the Confession and receiving Subsistence as a

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

65

Soldier by such Person shall be Evidence of the false Pretence and obtaining Money; and if the Person so confessing himself to be a Deserter shall be serving at the Time in any of His Majesty's Forces, he shall be deemed to be and shall be dealt with as a Deserter.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, directly or indirectly, persuade any Soldier to desert, shall suffer such Punishment by Fine or Imprisonment, or both, as the Court before which the Conviction may take place shall adjudge; and every Person who shall assist any Deserter, knowing him to be such, in deserting or in concealing himself, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. And be it enacted, That every Commissioned Officer who shall, without Warrant from One or more of His Majesty's Justices, forcibly enter into or break open the Dwelling House or Outhouses of any Person whomsoever, under Pretence of searching for Deserters, shall, upon due Proof thereof, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler pnd Keeper of any Prison or House of Correction in every Part of His Majesty's Dominions shall, upon the Order in Writing of any Commanding Officer of a District, Garrison, Regiment, or Corps (as the Case may be), receive into his Custody any Soldier under Sentence of Imprisonment by a General or other Court Martial, and keep him in a proper Place of Confinement, with or without hard Labour, according to the Sentence of the Court, and during the Time specified in the said Order, or until he be discharged, or shall, although the Period for which the Soldier was originally committed may not have expired, deliver him up to any Person producing an Order in Writing to that Effect from any such Commanding Officer as aforesaid; and every such Gaoler who shall refuse to receive and to confine any such Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier in manner as aforesaid shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the Gaoler or Person having the immediate Inspection of any Prison, Gaol, or House of Correction in every Part of His Majesty's Dominions, shall diet and supply every Soldier with Fuel and other Necessaries, according to the Regulations of the Prison to which he shall be committed, and shall receive on account of every Soldier, during the Period of his Imprisonment, Sixpence per Diem, which the Secretary at War shall cause to be issued out of the Subsistence of such Soldier, upon Application in Writing signed by any Justice within whose Jurisdiction such Place of Confinement shall be locally situated, together with a Copy of the Order of Commitment, and which Sum of Sixpence per Diem shall be carried to the Credit of the Fund from which the Expence of such Prison or House of Correction is defrayed; and such Gaoler is hereby required to receive and confine every Deserter who shall be delivered into his Custody by any Soldier conveying such Deserter under lawful Authority, on Production of the Warrant of the Justice of the Peace on which such Deserter shall have been taken, or some Order from the Office of the Secretary at War, or Chief Governor or Governors of

i Gul. IV. F Ireland;

Penalty for inducing or assisting to desert.

Penalty for forcible Entry.

Custody of Offenders under a Military Sentence.

Custody of Deserters.

66

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Ireland; and such Gaoler shall be entitled to One Shilling for the safe Custody of the said Deserter, while halted on the March, and to such Subsistence for his Maintenance as shall be directed by His Majesty's Regulations.

Notice of Ex-

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That every Gaoler, to whom any piration of Notice shall have been given that any Person in his Custody for Imprisonment, jmy Offence is a Soldier liable to serve His Majesty on the Expiration of his Imprisonment, shall give One Month's Notice of the Period of such Expiration of Imprisonment, or if there shall not be sufficient Time for a Month's Notice, then the longest practicable Notice thereof, to the Secretary at War, or, if in Ireland, to the Chief Secretary.

Persons sub-

XXIX. And be it enacted* That all the Provisions of this Act ject to this Act. apply to all Persons employed on the Recruiting Service,

receiving Pay in respect of such Service, and to the Forces of the East India Company, while they shall be in any Part of the United Kingdom, and until their Arrival in the Territories of the East India Company, and to the Officers and Persons now or hereafter serving and hired to be employed in the Royal Artillery and Field Train, and Master Gunners and Gunners, and Conductors of Stores, and in the Regiment of Royal Engineers, and the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners, and in the Corps of Royal Military Surveyors and Draftsmen, in the Ordnance and in the Commissariat Departments, and who are or shall be serving with any Part of His Majesty's Forces, at Home or Abroad, under the Command of any Officer having Commission from His Majesty, and all Storekeepers and other Civil Officers who are or shall be employed by or act under the Ordnance at any of His Majesty's Ordnance Establishments at Foreign Stations: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affect any Security which has been given by such Storekeeper, Barrack Master, or other Officer, or their Sureties, for the due Performance of their respective Offices, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, to regulate the taking of Securities in all Offices, but that such Bonds and other Securities shall be and remain in full Force and Effect.

XXX. And be it enacted, That all Officers and Soldiers of any Troops, being mastered and in Pay, which shall be raised and serving in any of His Majesty's Dominions Abroad, or in Places in Possession of or occupied by His Majesty's Subjects, under the Command of any Officer having any Commission immediately from His Majesty, shall be liable to Martial Law in like Manner as His Majesty's other Forces are; and if such Officers and Soldiers, having been made Prisoners, be sent into England or Ireland, although not allowed to serve therein, all the Provisions of this Act, in regard to billetting Soldiers, shall apply to such Officers and Soldiers.

Militia and

XXXI. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained

Yeomanry. shall in anywise be construed to extend to any of the Militia Forces or Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps in Great Britain or Ireland, excepting only in such Case wherein by any Act or Acts for regulating any of the said Forces or Corps, the Provisions

contained

Foreign Troops in this Country.

1° GULIELMI IV.

6

A.D. 1831.

C. 15.

contained m any Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion shall be specifically made applicable to the said Corps.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be construed to extend to the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Many and the Islands thereto belonging, as to the Provisions therein for mustering and paying, and to the Provisions for the Trial and Punishment of Officers and Soldiers who shall be charged with Mutiny and Desertion, or any other of the Offences which are by this Act declared to be punishable by the Sentence of a General, or Garrison, or Detachment, or Regimental Court-martial, and also to the Provisions which relate to the Punishment of Persons who shall conceal Deserters, or shall knowingly buy, exchange, or otherwise receive any Arms, Clothes, Military Furniture, or Regimental Necessaries from any Soldier or Deserter, or who shall cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That every Person who shall receive Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service, he being an Officer, Non-commissioned Officer, or an attested Soldier, shall be deemed to be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, and while he shall remain with the Recruiting Party shall be entitled to be billetted; and every Person who shall enlist any Recruit shall first ask the Person offering to enlist, whether he does or does not belong to the Militia, and shall cause to be taken down, in Writing, the Name and Place of Abode of such Recruit; and when any Person shall be enlisted as a Soldier in His Majesty's Land Service, he shall within Four Days, but not sooner than Twenty-four Hours after such Enlisting, appear, together with some Person employed in the Recruiting Service of the Party with which he shall have enlisted, before a Justice residing in the Vicinity of the Place, and acting for the Division or District where such Recruit shall have been enlisted, and not being an Officer in the Army; and if such Recruit shall declare his having voluntarily enlisted, the said Justice shall put to him the several Questions contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and shall record or shall cause to be recorded, in Writing, his Answers thereunto; and the said Justice is hereby required forthwith to cause the Answers so recorded in Writing, and the First and Second Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War against Mutiny and Desertion, to be read over, in his own Presence, to such Recruit, and to administer to such Recruit the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, for limited or unlimited Service, or for Service in the Forces of the East India Company, as may be applicable to the Case of the Recruit, and no other Oaths, any Thing in any Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and the said Justice is hereby required to give, under his Hand, the Certificate in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and if any such Recruit so to be certified shall refuse to take the Oath in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the said Justice, it shall be lawful for the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer with whom he enlisted to detain and confine such Person until he shall take the said Oath of Fidelity.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Recruit appearing as aforesaid before such Justice shall be at liberty to declare his Dissent to such Enlisting, and upon such Declaration, and return-

F 2 n i ing

Limitations as to certain Islands.

Enlisting and

swearing

Recruits.

Dissent and Relief from Enlistment.

68

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Offences connected with Enlistment.

ing the Enlisting Money, and also paying the Sum of Twenty Shillings for the Charges expended upon him, together with the full Amount of Subsistence and Beer Money which shall have been paid to such Recruit subsequent to the Period of his having been enlisted, shall be forthwith discharged and set at liberty in the Presence of such Justice; but if such Person shall refuse or neglect, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours after so declaring his Dissent, to return such Money as aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be enlisted as if tie had given his Assent thereto before the said Justice: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any Justice to discharge any Person who shall have hastily enlisted, and who shall apply to him to declare his Dissent within such Four Days as aforesaid, upon Payment of the Sura of Money required to be paid by any Recruit declaring his Dissent under this Act, notwithstanding no Person belonging to the Recruiting Party shall be with the Recruit, if it shall appear to such Justice, upon Proof to his Satisfaction, that the Recruiting Party has left the Place where such Recruit was enlisted, or that the Recruit could not procure any Person belonging to such Party to go with him before the Justice; and the Sum paid by such Recruit upon his Discharge shall be kept by the Justice, and paid to any Person belonging to the Recruiting Party entitled thereto demanding the same; provided that no Recruit who has been actually, though erroneously, discharged by the Justice before the Expiration of Twenty-four Hours after the Time of his Enlistment, shall be liable on that Account to be proceeded against as having deserted from His Majesty's Service; and the Justice who shall discharge any Recruit shall in every Case give a Certificate thereof, signed with his Hand, to the Recruit, specifying the Cause thereof.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That if any Recruit shall receive the Enlisting Money from any Person employed in the Recruiting Service (knowing it to be such), and shall abscond or refuse to go before such Justice, or shall thereafter absent himself from the Recruiting Party or Person with whom he enlisted, and shall not voluntarily return to go before some Justice within such Period of Four Days aforesaid, such Recruit shall be deemed to be enlisted and a Soldier in His Majesty's Service, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he had been duly attested, and may be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, or for being absent without Leave, under any Articles of War made for Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion; and such Recruit shall not be discharged by any Justice of the Peace after the Expiration of such Four Days as aforesaid, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice that the true Name and Residence of the Recruit was disclosed and known to the Recruiting Party, and that no Notice was given to the Recruit, or left at his usual Place of Abode, of his having so enlisted; provided that in every Case wherein any Recruit snail have received Enlisting Money, and shall have absconded from the Party, so that it shall not be possible immediately to apprehend and bring him before a Justice, the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding the Party shall produce to the Justice before whom the Recruit ought regularly to have been brought for Attestation a Certificate of the Name and Place of Residence of such Recruit; and the

Justice

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV.

a 15.

69

Justice to whom such Certificate shall be produced shall, after

satisfying himself that the Recruit who had absconded cannot be found and apprehended, transmit a Duplicate thereof to His Majesty's Secretary at War, or, if in Ireland\ to the Chief Secretary, in order that, in the Event of such Recruit being afterwards apprehended and reported as a Deserter, the Facts of his having received Enlisting Money, and having absconded after having been enlisted, may be ascertained before he be finally adjudged to be a Deserter; and any Recruit who shall enlist into His Majesty's Forces, and who shall be discovered to be incapable of active Service by reason of any Infirmity concealed or not declared by such Recruit before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and mentioned therein, may be transferred into any Garrison or Veteran or Invalid Battalion, or into His Majesty*^ Marine Forces, notwithstanding he shall have enlisted for any particular Regiment, and shall be entitled to receive such Proportion or Residue of Bounty only as His Majesty may allow in that Behalf, instead of the Bounty upon which such Man shall have been enlisted, any Thing in any Act or Acts, or any Rules and Regulations relating to Soldiers, to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for any Two Justices before whom such Recruit shall be brought, and who shall be proved, upon Oath before them, to have concealed his having been a Soldier and discharged, or to have concealed his having been discharged upon any prior Enlistment, or to have wilfully concealed any such Infirmity upon being attested, or to have designedly made any false Representation as aforesaid, to adjudge such Person to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and to sentence him to such Punishment as by any Law now in force may be inflicted upon Rogues and Vagabonds and Vagrants and incorrigible Rogues; and any Recruit who shall designedly make any false Representation of any Particular contained in the Oaths and Certificates in the Schedule to this Act annexed, before the Justice at the Time of his Attestation, and shall obtain any Enlisting Money, or any Bounty for entering into His Majesty's Service, or any other Money, shall be deemed of obtaining Money under false Pretences, within the true

; and Meaning, if in England, of an Act intituled An Act for 7 & s G. 4. consolidating and amending the Laws in England relative to Larceny* 29* and other Offences connected therewith; and if in Ireland, of an *

Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for consolidating and amending the Laws in Ireland 9 G. 4. c. 55. relative to Larceny and other Offences connected therewith; and the Production of such Certificate, and Proof of the Handwriting of the Justice giving such Certificate, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Party having represented the several Particulars contained in the Oath sworn by him, and specified in the Certificate of the Justice at the Time of his being attested; and that Proof by the Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, that the Person so prosecuted hath voluntarily acknowledged that at the Time of his Enlistment he belonged to the*Militia, or to any Regiment in His Majesty's Service, or to His Majesty's Navy or Marines, shall be deemed and taken as Evidence of the Fact so by him acknowledged, without Production of any Roll or other Document to prove the same; and any Man having been enrolled to serve in

C. 1S.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

renal ty on Officers of-i'ciuling against Laws regarding Enlistment.

Enlistment and

Re-enlistment

Abroad.

the Militia at the Time of offering to enlist shall deny that he is a Militia Man then actually enrolled and engaged to serve, or shall deny to the Justice before whom he shall be attested that he belongs to the Militia, shall, on Conviction thereof before any One Justice in the United Kingdom, either upon Oath of One Witness or upon his own Confession, or upon the Production of the Attestation, and the before-mentioned Declaration of such Person, certified by the Secretary at War or Deputy Secretary at War, be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for and during any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, over and above any Penalty or Punishment to which such Person so offending may be otherwise liable; and shall, from the Day on which his Engagement to serve in the Militia shall end, and not sooner, belong as a Soldier to the Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, into which he shall have so enlisted; provided that every such Person shall be liable to serve within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland\ in any Regiment, Battalion, or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or of the East India Company's Forces, in which he has so enlisted, during all the Time the Militia to which he shall belong shall remain disembodied, or shall not be called out for Training or Exercise, and shall during all such Time be subject to all the Provisions of this Act, and liable to be apprehended and dealt with and punished as a Deserter from the Corps in which he shall have so enlisted, if he shall neglect or refuse to join and serve in such Corps as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That every Military Officer, who shall act contrary to the Provisions of this Act in any respect regarding the enlisting and attesting of Recruits for His Majesty's Service, shall, upon Proof thereof upon Oath by Two Witnesses before a General Court-martial, which is hereby authorized to administer such Oath, be cashiered, and disabled to hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment in His Majesty's Service.

XXXVII. And whereas it is expedient that Provisions should be made for the enlisting and attesting of Soldiers desirous of re-enlisting, and others desirous of enlisting, Abroad; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person duly appointed by His Majesty by any Warrant signed by the Secretary at War in that Behalf, and not being a General Officer nor holding any Regimental Commission, to enlist and attest, out of Great Britain or Ireland, any Soldiers or Persons desirous of enlisting or re-enlisting into His Majesty's Service; and any Person so appointed shall have the same Powers in that Behalf as are given to Justices in the United Kingdom for all such Purposes of Enlistment and Attestation; and any Person so enlisted or re-enlisted shall be deemed to be an attested Soldier; and as often as any Corps shall be relieved or be disbanded at any Station beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for any Officers thereunto authorized by the Officer commanding in chief at such Station to enlist as many of the Soldiers belonging to the Corps leaving the Station as shall be willing and fit for Service for any Corps appointed to remain; and every Soldier so enlisted is hereby deemed to be discharged

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

charged from his former Corps; and an attested Certificate of Transfer shall be delivered to the Soldier.

XXXVIII. And be it enacted, That all Negroes purchased by or on account of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and serving in any of His Majesty's Forces, shall be deemed and taken to be free in every respect as if born free in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, and shall be considered as Soldiers having voluntarily enlisted in His Majesty's Service; provided that nothing contained in this Act as to enlisting for limited Periods of Service, or in any other Act as to any Rules or Regulations for granting Pensions or Allowances to Soldiers discharged after certain Periods of Service, shall extend to any Negroes so purchased.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That any Person duly bound as an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, and shall state to the Magistrate before whom he shall be carried and attested that he is not an Apprentice, shall be deemed guilty of obtaining Money under false Pretences within the true Intent and Meaning of the before recited Acts, and shall, after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship, whether he shall have been so convicted and punished or not, be liable to serve as a Soldier in any of His Majesty's Regular Forces, or in the Forces of the East India Company, according to the Terms of the Enlistment; and if on the Expiration of his Apprenticeship he shall not deliver himself up to some Officer authorized to receive Recruits, may be taken as a Deserter from His Majesty's Forces.

XL. And be it enacted, That no Master shall be entitled to claim an Apprentice who shall enlist as a Soldier in His Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, unless he shall, within One Calendar Month after such Apprentice shall have left his Service, go before some Justice and take the Oath mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and produce the Certificate of such Justice of his having taken such Oath, which Certificate such Justice is required to give in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and unless such Apprentice shall have been bound, if in England, for the full Term of Seven Years, not having been above the Age of Fourteen when so bound, and, if in Ireland or in the British Isles, for the full Term of Five Years at the least, not having been above the Age of Sixteen when so bound, and, if in Scotland, for the full Term at least of Four Years, by a regular Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, duly extended, signed, and tested, and binding on both Parties by the Law of Scotland, prior to the Period of Enlistment; and unless such Contract or Indenture so duly executed shall, within Three Months after the Commencement of the Apprenticeship, and before the Period of Enlistment, have been produced to a Justice of the Peace of the County wherein the Parties reside, and there shall have been indorsed thereon by such Justice a Certificate or Declaration signed by him, specifying the Date when and the Person by whom such Contract or Indenture shall have been so produced, which Certificate or Declaration such Justice of the Peace is hereby required to indorse and sign; and unless such Apprentice shall, when claimed by such Master, be under Twenty -

F \ one

71

Enlistment of Negroes.

Apprentice enlisting to be liable to serve after the Expiration of his Apprenticeship.

Claims of Masters to Apprentices.

72

C.

A.D. 1831.

Punishment of

Apprentices

enlisting.

Musters, and Penalty on false Musters.

1° GULIELMI IV.

one Years of Age; provided that any Master of an Apprentice indentured for the Sea Service shall be entitled to claim and recover him in the Form and Manner above directed, notwithstanding such Apprentice may have been bound for a less Term than Seven, Five, or Four Years as aforesaid; and any such Master, who shall give up the Indentures of Apprenticeship within One Month after the enlisting of such Apprentice, shall be entitled to receive, to his own Use, so much of the Bounty payable to such Recruit, after deducting therefrom Two Guineas to provide him with Necessaries, as shall not have been paid to such Recruit before Notice given of his being an Apprentice.

XLI. And be it enacted, That no Apprentice claimed by his Master shall be taken from any Corps or Recruiting Party but under a Warrant of a Justice residing near and within whose Jurisdiction such Apprentice shall then happen to be, before whom he shall be carried, and such Justice shall inquire into the Matter upon Oath, which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer, and shall require the Production and Proof of the Indenture, and that Notice of the said Warrant has been given to the Commanding Officer, and a Copy thereof left with some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Party, and that such Person so enlisted declared that he was no Apprentice; and such Justice, if required by such Officer or Non-commissioned Officer, shall commit the Offender to the Common Gaol of the said Place, and shall keep the Indenture, to be produced when required, and shall bind over such Person as he may think proper to give Evidence against the Offender, who shall be tried at the next or at the Session immediately succeeding the next General or Quarter Sessions of the County, Division, or Place, unless the Court shall on ju9t Cause put off the Trial; and the Production of the Indenture, with the Certificate of the Justices that the same was proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of the said Indenture; and every such Offender, in Scotlandt may be tried by the Judge Ordinary in the County or Stewartry, in such and the like Manner as any Person may be tried in Scotland for any Offence not inferring a Capital Punishment: Provided that any Justice not required as aforesaid to commit such Apprentice may deliver him to his Master.

XLII. And be it enacted, That Musters shall be taken of every Regiment, Troop, or Company in His Majesty's Service Twice at least in every Year, at such Times as shall be appointed; and no Soldier shall be absent from such Musters, unless properly certified to be employed on some other Duty of the Regiment, or to be sick, or in Prison, or on Furlough; and every Person who shall give or procure to be given any untrue Certificate, whereby to excuse any Soldier for his Absence from any Muster or any other Service which he ought to attend or perform, or shall make any false or untrue Muster of Man or Horse, or shall wittingly or willingly allow or sign the Muster Roll wherein such false Muster is contained, or any Duplicate thereof, or who shall directly or indirectly take or cause to be taken any Money or Gratuity for mustering any Soldiers, or for signing any Muster Rolls or Duplicate thereof, or shall knowingly muster any Person by a wrong Name, upon Proof thereof upon Oath made by Two

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

73

Witnesses before a General Court-martial, shall for such Offence be forthwith cashiered, and shall be thereby utterly disabled to have or hold any Civil or Military Office or Employment within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or in His Majesty's Service; and if the Person giving such untrue Certificate shall not have any Military Commission, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and any Person who shall falsely be mustered or offer himself to be mustered, or lend or furnish any Horse to be falsely mustered, shall, upon Oath made by Two Witnesses before some Justice of the Peace residing near the Place where such Muster shall be made, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and the Informer, if he belong to His Majesty's Service, shall, if he demand it, be forthwith discharged.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That Forty-eight Hours Notice shall be given to Six Justices, not being Officers of the Army, residing within the City and Liberties of Westminster and Borough of Southwark, of the Muster to be taken of His Majesty's Forces quartered within the said City and Liberties and Borough; and no Officer shall proceed to take such Musters, under Penalty of Fifty Pounds, except in the Presence of Two or more Justices, who shall take cognizance of such Muster, and sign the same, unless such Justices shall neglect to attend, of which Neglect, as well as of the proper Notice being given to such Justices, Oath shall be made, within Forty-eight Hours after such Muster, before any Justice; and the Officer appointed to take the Half-yearly Musters of any of His Majesty's Forces, at any Place Ten Miles distant from London, shall close the Muster Rolls within Twenty-four Hours after the said Muster has been made, and send a Copy thereof, within Seven Days, to the Secretary at War.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That no Soldier shall be entitled to Pay during any unauthorized Absence from Duty in His Majesty's Service, or during any Absence from Duty on a Charge of any Offence Civil or Military, or when in Confinement under any Sentence of any Court by reason of any Arrest for Debt, or as a Prisoner of War; provided that any Non-commissioned Officer, or any Soldier, acquitted of the Offence for which he was committed, shall, upon Return to his Duty in his Corps, be entitled to receive all Arrears of Pay growing due during his Absence or Confinement; and upon rejoining His Majesty's Service from being a Prisoner of War, due Inquiry shall be made by a Court-martial, and if it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of such Court that the said Soldier was taken Prisoner without wilful Neglect of Duty on his Part, and that he hath not served with or under or in any Manner aided the Enemy, and that he hath returned as soon as possible to His Majesty's Service, he may thereupon be recommended by such Court to receive either the whole of such Arrears of Pay or a Proportion thereof; and no Soldier who shall have been confined under any legal Sentence shall be allowed to reckon towards Pay or Pension any Part of the Period from the Day of his first Commitment to the Day of rejoining his Corps; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to order or withhold the Payment of the Whole or any Part of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier during the Period of

Musters in and near Westminster.

Forfeiture of Pay.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Extension of Furlough in case of Sickness.

Marching Money on Discharge.

Commissaries to attest their Accounts.

Issue of Pay of the Army.

CAS.

his Confinement, whether before or after Conviction, or to issue any Part of the Pay of a Prisoner of War which he may think proper.

XLV. And be it enacted, That when there shall not be any Military Officer of Rank not inferior to Captain, or any Adjutant of Regular Militia, within a convenient Distance of the Place where any Non-commissioned Officer or Soldier on Furlough shall be detained by Sickness or other Casualty rendering necessary any Extension of such Furlough, it shall be lawful for any Justice who shall be satisfied of such Necessity to grant an Extension i of Furlough for a Period not exceeding One Month; and the said Justice shall immediately certify such Extension, and the Cause thereof, to the Commanding Officer of the Corps or Detachment to which the Man belongs, if known, and if not, then to the Agent of the Regiment, in order that the proper Sum may be remitted to the Soldier, who shall not during the Period of such Extension of Furlough be liable to be treated as a Deserter; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any Soldier from Trial and Punishment, according to the Provisions of this Act, for any false Representation made by him in that Behalf to the said Justice, or for any Breach of Discipline committed by him in applying for and obtaining the said Extension of Furlough.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That every Soldier entitled to his Discharge shall, if then serving Abroad, be sent, if he shall so require it, to Great Britain or Ireland free of Expence, and shall be entitled to receive Marching Money from the Place of his being landed, (or, if discharged at Home, shall receive Marching Money from the Place of his Discharge,) to the Parish or Place in which he shall have been originally enlisted.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That all Commissaries upon making up their Accounts, and also upon returning from any Foreign Service, shall take the Oath described in the Schedule to this Act annexed; which Oath, if taken in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall be taken before some Justice, and if taken on Foreign Service, before the Officer commanding in chief, or the Second in command, or the Quarter Master or Deputy Quarter Master General or any Assistant Quarter Master General of the Army to which he shall be attached, who shall respectively have Power to administer the same.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That no Secretary at War, Paymaster General of the Army, Paymaster, or any other Officer whatsoever, or their under Officers, shall receive any Fees or make any Deductions whatsoever out of the Pay of any Officer or Soldier in His Majesty's Army, or from their Agents, which shall grow due from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, other than the usual Deductions, or such other necessary Deductions as shall from time to time be required by His Majesty's Regulations, or by His Majesty's Order signified by the Secretary at War; and every Paymaster or other Officer having received any Officer's or Soldier's Pay, who shall unlawfully detain the same for the Space of One Month, or refuse to pay the same when it shall become due, according to the several Rates and agreeable to the several Regulations

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

75

lations established by His Majesty's Orders, shall, upon Proof thereof before a Court-martial, be discharged from his Employment, and shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and the Informer, if a Soldier, if he demands it, shall be discharged from any further Service; provided that it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Secretary at War to give Orders for withholding the Pay of any Officer or Soldier for any Period during which such Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, or Soldier shall be absent without Leave, or improperly absent from his Corps and from his Duty; or, in case of any Doubt as to the proper Issue of Pay, to withhold it from the Parties aforesaid until His Majesty's Orders shall have been signified by the Secretary at War.

XLIX. And for enforcing a prompt Observance of the Rules and Orders for the due Appropriation of the Public Funds applicable to Army Services, and in order that a true and regular Account may be kept and rendered by the Agents of the several Corps, be it enacted, That the said Agents are hereby required to observe such Orders as shall from time to time be given by His Majesty under His Sign Manual, or by the Secretary at War, or by His Majesty's Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by the Lord Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury; and if any Person, being or having been an Agent, shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Orders in relation to his Duty as Agent, or shall unlawfully withhold or detain the Pay of any Officer or Soldier after the Space of One Month after the Receipt thereof, he shall for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and, if still an Agent, for the Second Offence be discharged from his Employment as an Army Agent, and be utterly disabled to have or hold such Employment thereafter; or, if be shall have ceased to be an Army Agent, shall for the Second and every succeeding Offence forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

L. And whereas by the Petition of Right, in the Third Year of King Charles the First, it is enacted and declared, that the 1 People of the Land are not by the Laws to be burthened with the sojourning of Soldiers against their Wills; and by a Clause in an Act of the Parliament of England, made in the Thirtyfirst Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting a Supply to His Majesty of Two hundred and six thousand four hundred and sixty-two Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Threepence, for paying and disbanding the Forces, it is declared and enacted, that no Officer, Civil or Military, nor other Person whomsoever, should from 'thenceforth presume to place, quarter, or billet any Soldier upon any Subject or Inhabitant of this Realm, of any Degree, Quality, or Profession whatsoever, without his Consent, and that it shall be lawful for any Subject or Inhabitant to refuse to quarter any Soldier, notwithstanding any Warrant or Billetting whatsoever: And whereas by an Act passed in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the Disorders that may happen by the marching of Soldiers, and providing Carriages for the Baggage of Soldiers on their March, it was enacted, that no Officer, Soldier, or Trooper in the Army, nor the Servant of any Officer, nor any Attendant on the Train of Artillery, should, at

Penalty for Disobedience by Agents.

How and where Troops may be billeted.

76

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

any Time thereafter, be allowed any Quarters in any Part of

Ireland\ save only during such Time as he or they should be and remain in some Seaport Town in order to be transported,

or during such Time as there should be any Commotion in any Part of Ireland, by reason of which Emergency the Army should

be commanded to march, from any Part of Ireland to another: But forasmuch as at this Time, during the Continuance of this Act, there is and may be Occasion for the marching and quartering of Regiments, Troops, and Companies in several Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Constables of Parishes and Places, and other Persons specified in this Act, in England and Ireland, and they are hereby required, to billet the Officers and Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and Persons receiving Pay in His Majesty's Army, and the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Cavalry, and also all Staff and Field Officers* Horses, and all Bat and Baggage Horses belonging to any of His Majesty's other Forces, when on actual Service, not exceeding for each Officer the Number for which Forage is or shall be allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, in Victualling Houses and other Houses specified in this Act (taking care in Ireland not to billet less than Two Men in any One House, except only in case of billetting Cavalry as specially provided); and that they shall be received by the Occupiers of such Houses in which they are so allowed to be billetted, and be furnished with proper Accommodation in such Houses, and in England with Diet and Small Beer, and with Stables, Hay, and Straw for such Horses as aforesaid, paying and allowing for the same the several Rates hereinafter provided; and at no Time when Troops are on a March shall any of them, whether Infantry or Cavalry, be billetted above One Mile from the Place mentioned in the Route; and in all Places where Cavalry shall be billetted in pursuance of this Act, the Men and their Horses shall be billetted in one and the same House, except in case of Necessity; and in no other Case whatsoever shall there be less than One Man billetted where there shall be One or Two Horses, nor less than Two Men where there shall be Four Horses, and so in proportion for a greater Number; and in no Case shall a Man and his Horse be billetted at a greater Distance from each other than One hundred Yards; and the Constables are hereby required to billet all Soldiers and their Horses on their March in a just and equal Proportion upon the Keepers of all Houses within One Mile of the Place mentioned in the Route, although some of such Houses may be in the adjoining County, in like Manner in every respect as if such Houses were locally situate within such Place; provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to authorize any Constable to billet Soldiers out of the County to which such Constable belongs, when the Constable of the adjoining County shall be present and undertake to billet the due Proportion of Men in such adjoining County; and no more Billets shall at any Time be ordered than there are effective Soldiers and Horses present to be billetted; all which Billets, when made out by such Constables, shall be delivered into the Hands of the Commanding Officer present; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

77

by having an undue Proportion of Soldiers billetted in his House, and shall prefer his Complaint, if against a Constable or other Person not being a Justice, to One or more Justices, and if against a Justice, then to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Soldiers are billetted, such Justices respectively shall have Power to order such of the Soldiers to be removed, and to be billetted upon other Persons, as they shall see Cause; and when any of His Majesty's Cavalry or any Horses as aforesaid shall be billetted upon the Occupiers of Houses in which Officers or Soldiers may be quartered by virtue of this Act, who shall have no Stables, then and in such Case, upon the written Requisition of the Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Troop, or Detachment, the Constable is hereby required to billet the Men and their Horses, or Horses only, upon some other Person or Persons who have Stables by this Act liable to have Officers and Soldiers billetted upon them; and upon Complaint being made by the Person or Persons to whose House or Stables the said Men and Horses shall have been so removed, to Two or more Justices within whose Jurisdiction such Men or Horses shall be so billetted, it shall be lawful for such Justices to order a proper Allowance to be paid by the Persons reli eved to the Persons receiving such Men and Horses, or to be applied in the furnishing the requisite Accommodation; and Commanding Officers may exchange any Man or Horse billetted in any Place with another Man or Horse billetted in the same Place, for the Benefit of the Service, provided the Number of Men and Horses do not exceed the Number at that Time billetted on such Houses; and the Constables are hereby required to billet such Men and Horses so exchanged accordingly; and it shall be lawful for any Justice, at the Request of any Officer or Non-commissioned Officer commanding any Soldiers requiring Billets, to extend any Routes or enlarge the District within which Billets shall be required, in such Manner as shall appear to be most convenient to the Troops; provided that, to prevent or punish all Abuses in billetting Soldiers, it shall be lawful for any Justice within his Jurisdiction, by Warrant or Order under his Hand, to require any Constable to give him an Account in Writing of the Number of Officers and Soldiers who shall be quartered by such Constable, together with the Names of the Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billetted, stating the Street or Place where such Persons dwell, and the Sign, if any, belonging to those Houses; and it shall be lawful to billet Officers and Soldiers in Scotland according to the Provisions of the Laws in force in Scotland at the Time of its Union with England; and no Officer shall be obliged to pay for his Lodging where he shall be regularly billetted, except in the Suburbs of Edinburgh.

LI. And be it enacted, That the Officers and Soldiers of His Majesty's Foot Guards shall be billetted within the City and Liberties of Westminster, and Places adjacent, lying in the County of Middlesex (except the City of London), and in the County of Surrey, and in the Borough of Southward in the same Manner and under the same Regulations as in other Parts of England, in all Cases for which particular Provision is not made by this Act; and the High Constable shall, on Receipt of the Order for billet-

ting

Billetting the Guards in and near Westminster.

78

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Military Officer not to act as a Justice in billetting.

Allowance to Innkeepers.

ting Soldiers, deliver Precepts to the several Constables within their respective Divisions, in pursuance of which the said Constables shall billet such Officers and Soldiers equally and proportionally on the Houses subjected thereto by this Act; and the said Constables shall, at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties, Counties and i Borough respectively, make and deliver to the Justices then in I open Session assembled, upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices are hereby required to administer, Lists, signed by them respectively, of the Houses subject by this Act to receive Officers and Soldiers, together with the Names and Rank of all Officers and Soldiers billetted on each respectively, which Lists shall remain with the respective Clerks of the Peace, for the Inspection of all Persons, without Fee or Reward; and such Clerk shall forthwith from time to time deliver to any Persons who shall require the same true Copies of any such Lists, upon being paid Two-pence per Sheet for the same, each Sheet to contain at least One hundred and fifty Words.

LII. And be it enacted, That no Justice having or executing any Military Office or Commission in any Part of the United Kingdom shall, directly or indirectly, be concerned in the billetting or appointing Quarters for any Soldier in the Regiment, Troop, or Company under the immediate Command of such Justice, but that all Warrants, Acts, or Things so appointed by such Justice for or concerning the same shall be void.

LIII. And be it enacted, That the Innholder or other Person <on whom any Soldier is billetted in England shall, if required by such Soldier, furnish him for every Day on the March, and for a Period not exceeding Two Days when halted at any intermediate Place upon the March, and for the Day of Arrival at the Place of final Destination, with One hot Meal in each Day, the Meal to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as may be fixed by His Majesty's Regulations, not exceeding One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed, One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other Vegetables, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt, and Pepper; and for such Meal the Innholder or other Person furnishing the same shall be paid the Sum of Ten-pence; and all Innholders and other Persons on whom Soldiers may be billetted in England, except when on the March, and entitled to be furnished with the hot Meal as aforesaid, shall furnish such Soldier with Candles, Vinegar, and Salt, and shall allow them the use of Fire, and of the necessary Utensil for dressing and eating their Meat, and shall be paid in consideration thereof the Sum of One Halfpenny per Diem for each Soldier; and the Sum to be paid to the Innholder or other Person on whom any of the Horses belonging to His Majesty's Forces shall be billetted, in England, for Hay and Straw, shall be Ten-pence per Diem for each Horse; and in Ireland the Sum to be paid for Forage to the Innholder or other Person, for Horses billetted, by virtue of this Act, shall be the Rate established by the Lord Lieutenant or other sufficient Authority from time to time, the same to be regulated by the average Rate of Contracts for Forage in Ireland; and for the Use of Stables in Ireland, when such Horses are provided with Hay and Straw by Contract,

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

79

and not by the Occupiers of the Houses on which they are bil-ietted, the Sum of Four-pence per Week for each Horse shall be paid; and every Officer to whom it belongs to receive or who does actually receive the Pay for any Officers or Soldiers shall every Four Days, or before they shall quit their Quarters if they shall not remain so long as Four Days, settle the just Demands of all Victuallers or other Persons upon whom such Officers and Soldiers are billetted, out of their Pay and Subsistence, before any Part of the said Pay or Subsistence be distributed to them respectively; and if any Officer as aforesaid shall not pay the same, upon Complaint and Oath made thereof by any Two Witnesses, at the next Quarter Session for the County or City where such Quarters were situated, the Secretary at War is hereby required (upon Certificate of the Justices before whom such Oath was made of the Sum due upon such Accounts, and the Persons to whom the same is owing,) to give Orders to the Regimental Agent to pay the said Sums, and to charge the same against such Officers; and in case of any Soldier being suddenly ordered to march, and that the respective Commanding Officers are not enabled to make Payment of the Sums due for the Lodging of the Men and Stabling for the Horses, every such Officer shall, before his Departure, make up the Account with every Person upon whom such Soldier may have been billetted, and sign a Certificate thereof; which Account and Certificate shall be transmitted to the Agent of the Regiment, who is hereby required to make immediate Payment thereof, and to charge the same to the Account of such Officer.

LIV. And be it enacted, That all Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained relating to England shall be construed to extend to Wales and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to the British Isles shall be construed to extend to Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, and all Isles thereto and to England and Ireland belonging; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Soldiers shall be construed to extend to Non-commissioned Officers, unless when otherwise provided; and all Clauses and Provisions relating to Justices shall be construed to extend to all Magistrates authorized to act as such in their respective Jurisdictions, and to Chief Magistrates of exclusive local Jurisdictions; and all the Powers given to and Regulations made for the Conduct of Constables in relation to the billetting of Officers and Soldiers, and all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect thereof, shall extend to all Tithing-men, Headboroughs, and such like Officers, and High Constables and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of Cities, Towns, Villages, Hamlets, Parishes, and Places in England and Ireland who shall act in the Execution of this Act in relation to billetting; and all Provisions for billetting Officers and Soldiers in Victualling Houses shall extend and apply to all Inns, Livery Stables, Alehouses, and to the Houses of Sellers of Wine by Retail, whether British or Foreign, to be drank in their own Houses, or Places thereunto belonging, and to all Houses of Persons selling Brandy, Strong Waters, Cider, or Metheglin, by Retail, in England and Ireland; and in Ireland, when there shall not be found sufficient Room in such Houses, then to billetting Soldiers in such Manner as has been heretofore customary; provided that no Officer or Soldier

Definition of Terms.

Powers and Regulations as to Billets.

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 1831.

Exemptions from Billets.

Supply of Carriages.

shall be billetted in England in any private Houses, or in any Canteen held or occupied under the Authority of the Ordnance Department, or upon Persons who keep Taverns only, being Vintners of the City of London, admitted to their Freedom of the said Company in right of Patrimony or Apprenticeship, notwithstanding such Persons who keep such Taverns only have taken oat Victualling Licences, nor in the House of any Distiller kept for distilling Brandy and Strong Waters, nor in the House of any Shopkeeper whose principal Dealing shall be more in other Goods and Merchandize than in Brandy and Strong Waters, so as such Distillers and Shopkeepers do not permit Tippling in such Houses, nor in the House of Residence in any Part of the United Kingdom of any Foreign Consul duly accredited as such.

LV. And be it enacted, That for the regular Provision of Carriages for His Majesty's Forces, and their Baggage, in their Marches in England and Ireland, all Justices of the Peace within their several Jurisdictions, being duly required thereunto by an Order from His Majesty, or the General of His Forces, or the Master General or Lieutenant General of His Majesty's Ordnance, if in England, or by an Order from the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland, or from the Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, or other Person duly authorized in that Behalf, shall, on Production of such Order to such Justices by some Officer or Non-commissioned Officer of the Regiment so ordered to march, issue a Warrant to any Constable having Authority to act in any Place from, through, near, or to which the Troop shall be ordered to march (for each of which Warrants the Fee of One Shilling only shall be paid), requiring him to provide the Carriages, Horses, and Oxen, and Drivers therein mentioned, and allowing sufficient Time to do the same, specifying the Places from and to which the said Carriages shall travel, and the Number of Miles between the Places, for which Number only so specified Payment shall be demanded, and which Number of Miles shall not, except in Cases of pressing Emergency, exceed a Day's March, prescribed in the Order of Route, and shall in no Case exceed Twenty-five Miles; and the Constables receiving such Warrants shall order such Persons as they shall think proper, having Carriages, to furnish the requisite Supply, who are hereby required to furnish the same accordingly; and when sufficient Carriages cannot be procured within the proper Jurisdiction, any Justice of the next adjoining Jurisdiction shall, by a like Course of Proceeding, supply the Deficiency; and in order that the Burthen of providing Carriages may fall equally, and to prevent Inconvenience arising from there being no Justice residing near the Place where Troops may be quartered on the March, any Justice residing nearest to such Place may cause a List to be made out, at least once in every Year, of all Persons liable to furnish such Carriages, and of the Number and Description of their said Carriages (which Lists shall at all seasonable Hours be open to the Inspection of the said Persons), and may by Warrant under his Hand authorize the Constables within his Jurisdiction to give Orders to provide Carriages, without any special Warrant for that Purpose, which Orders shall be valid in all respects i

1° GULIELMI IV.

81

A.D. 1831.

C. 15.

spects; and all Orders for such Carriages shall be made from such Lists in regular Rotation, as far as the same can be done.

LVI. And be it enacted, That the Rates to be paid for Carriages impressed shall be, in England\ for every Mile which a Waggon with Four or more Horses, or a Wain with Six Oxen, or Four Oxen and Two Horses, shall travel, One Shilling; and for every Mile any Waggon with narrow Wheels, or any Cart with Four Horses, carrying not less than Fifteen Hundred Weight, shall travel, Nine-pence; and for every Mile every other Cart or Carriage with less than Four Horses, and not carrying Fifteen Hundred Weight shall travel, Sixpence; and in Ireland\ for every Hundred Weight loaded on any Wheel Carriage, One Halfpenny per Mile; and in England such further Rates may be added, not exceeding a total Addition per Mile of Four-pence, Three-pence, or Two-pence, to the respective Rates of One Shilling, Nine-pence, or Sixpence, as may seem reasonable to the Justices assembled at General Sessions for their respective Districts; and the Order of such Justices at Sessions shall specify the average Price of Hay and Oats at the nearest Market Town at the Time of fixing such additional Rates, the Period for which the Order shall be enforced not exceeding Ten Days beyond the next General Sessions (and no such Order shall be valid unless a Copy thereof, signed by the presiding Magistrate and One other Justice, shall be transmitted to the Secretary at War within Three Days after the making thereof); and also in England, when the Day s March shall exceed Fifteen Miles, the Justice granting his Warrant may fix a further reasonable Compensation, not exceeding the usual Rate of Hire fixed by this Act; and when any additional Rates or Compensation shall be granted, the Justice shall insert in his own Hand, in the Warrant, the Amount thereof and the Date of the Order of Sessions, if fixed by Sessions, and the Warrant shall be given to the Officer commanding, as his Voucher; provided that the Officer or Non-commissioned Officer demanding Carriages by virtue of the Warrant of a Justice shall, in England, pay down m hand the proper Sums into the Hands of the Constables providing Carriages, who shall give Receipts for the same on unstamped Paper; and, in Ireland, the Officers or Non-commissioned Officers as aforesaid shall pay the Owners or Drivers of the Carriages, and One Third Part of such Payment shall be made before the Carriage be loaded, and all the said Payments in Ireland shall be made, if required, in the Presence of a Justice or Constable; provided that no Carriage shall be liable to carry more than Thirty Hundred Weight in England, and in Ireland no Car shall be liable to carry more than Six Hundred Weight, and no Dray more than Twelve Hundred Weight; but the Owner of such Carriages in Ireland, consenting to carry a greater Weight, shall be paid at the same Rate for every Hundred Weight of the said Excess; and the Owners of such Carriages in Ireland shall not be compelled to proceed, though with any less Weight, under the Sum of Three-pence a Mile for each Car, and Sixpence a Mile for each Dray; and the Loading of such Carriages in Ireland shall be first weighed, if required, at the Expence of the Owner of the Carriage, if the same can be done in a reasonable Time, without Hindrance of His Majesty's Ser-1 Gul. IV. G vice;

Rates to be paid, and Mode of proceeding

P GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Supply of Carriages in Cases of Emergency.

vice v and the providing and paying for Carries in Scotland shall be regulated by the Law in force at the Time of the Union with England; provided that a Cart with One or more Horses, for which the Furnisher shall receive Nine-pence a Mile, shall be required to carry Fifteen Hundred Weight at the least; provided that no Penalties or Forfeitures in any Act relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads in the United Kingdom shall apply to the Number of Horses and Oxen, or Weight of Loading of the aforesaid Carriages, which shall not on that Account be stopped or detained.

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governors of Ireland* by His or their Order, distinctly stating that a Case of Emergency doth exist, signified by the Secretary at War, or, if in Ireland* by the Chief Secretary or Under Secretary, or the First Clerk in the Military Department, to authorize any General or Field Officer commanding His Majesty's Forces in any District or Place, or to the Chief Acting Agent for the Supply of Stores and Provisions, by Writing under his Hand, reciting such Order of His Majesty or Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor aforesaid, to require all Justices within their several Jurisdictions in England and Ireland to issue their Warrants for the Provision, not only of Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Cars kept by or belonging to any Person, and for any Use whatsoever, but also of Saddle Horses, Coaches, Post Chaises, Chaises, and other Four-wheeled Carriages kept for Hire, and also of Boats, Barges, and other Vessels used for the Transport of any Commodities whatsoever upon any Canal or Navigable River, as shall be mentioned in the said Warrants, therein specifying the Place and Distance to whch such Carriages or Vessels shall go; and on the Production of such Requisition to such Justice by any Officer of the Corps ordered to be conveyed, or by any Officer of the Commissariat or Ordnance Department, such Justice shall take all the same Proceedings in regard to such additional Supply so required on the said Emergency as he is by this Act required to take for the ordinary Provision of Carriages; and all Provisions whatsoever of this Act, as regards the procuring of the ordinary Supply of Carriages, and the Duties of Officers and Non-commissioned Officers, Justices, Constables, and Owners of Carriages, in that Behalf, shall be to all Intents and Purposes applicable for the providing and Payment, according to the Rate of Posting or of Hire usually paid for such other Description of Carriages or Vessels so required on Emergency, according to the Length of the Journey or Voyage in each Case, but making no Allowance for Post Horse Duty, or Turnpike, Canal, River, or Lock Tolls, which Duty or Tolls are hereby declared not to be demandable for such Carriages and Vessels while employed in such Service or returning therefrom; and it shall be lawful to convey thereon, not only the Baggage, Provisions, and Military Stores of such Regiment or Detachment, but also the Officers, Soldiers, Servants, Women, Children, and other Persons of and belonging to the same; and it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace assembled at their Quarter Sessions to direct the Treasurer to pay, without Fee, out of the Public Stock of the County or Riding, or if such Public Stock be insufficient, then out of the Monies which the said Justices shall have Power to raise for that

Purpose,

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

83

Purpose, in like Manner as for County Gaols and Bridges, such reasonable Sums as shall have be£n expended by the Constables within their respective Jurisdictions for the Carriages and Vessels aforesaid, over and above what was or ought to have been paid by the Officer requiring the same, Regard being had to the Season of the Year and Condition of the Ways by which such Carriages and Vessels are to pass.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That whenever it shall be necessary Carriages atto impress Carriages for the March of Soldiers from Dublin, at Dublin, least Twenty-four Hours Notice of such March, and in case of Emergency as long Notice as the Case will admit, shall be given to the Lord Mayor of Dublin, who shall summon a proportionable Number of Cars and Drays, at his Discretion, out of the licensed Cars and Drays, and other Cars and Drays within the County of the said City, and they shall by turns be employed on this Duty at the Rices and under the Regulations herein-before mentioned; and no Country Cars, Drays, or other Carriages coming to Markets in Ireland shall be detained or employed against the Will of the Owners in carrying the Baggage of the Army, on any Pretence whatsoever.

LIX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Routes in Lieutenant or other Chief Governor for the Time being of Ireland Ireland, to depute, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, some proper Person to sign Routes for the marching of any of His Majesty's Forces in Ireland, in the Name of such Lord Lieutenant or Chief Governor.

LX. And be it enacted, That all His Majesty's Officers and Tolls. Soldiers, being in proper Staff or Regimental or Military Uniform,

Dress or Undress, and their Horses, and all Carriages and Horses belonging to His Majesty, or employed in His Service, when conveying Persons or Baggage, under the Provisions of this Act, or returning therefrom, shall be exempted from Payment of any Duties and Tolls on embarking or disembarking from or upon any Pier, Wharf, Quay, or Landing Place, or passing Turnpike Roads or Bridges, otherwise demandable by virtue of any Act already made or hereafter to be made; provided that nothing herein contained shall exempt any Boats, Barges, or other Vessels employed in conveying the said Persons, Horses, Baggage, or Stores along any Canal, from Payment of Tolls, in like Manner as other Boats,

Barges, and Vessels are liable thereto.

LXI. And be it enacted, That when any Soldiers on Service Ferries, have occasion in their March to pass regular Ferries in Scotland, the Officer commanding may at his Option pass over with his Soldiers as Passengers, and shall pay for himself and each Soldier One Half only of the ordinary Rate payable by single Persons, or may hire the Ferry Boat for himself and his Party, debarring others for that Time, and shall in such Case pay only Half the ordinary Rate for such Boat.

LXII. And be it enacted, That if any Constable or other Per- Penalties upon son, who by virtue of this Act shall be employed in billetting any Civil Subjects Officers or Soldiers in any Part of the United Kingdom, shall offending presume to billet any such Officer or Soldier in any House not ^inst within the Meaning of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner to Jjfllrts or Occupier thereof; or shall neglect or refuse to billet any Carriages.

84

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Officer or Soldier on Duty, when thereunto required, in such Manner as is by this Act directed, provided sufficient Notice be given before the Arrival of such Troops; or shall receive, demand, or agree for any Money or Reward whatsoever, in order to excuse any Person from receiving such Officer or Soldier; or shall quarter any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier in any such Houses, against the Consent of the Occupiers; or shall neglect or refuse to execute such Warrants of the Justices as shall be directed to him for providing Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, or shall demand more than the legal Rates for the same; or if any Person appointed by such Constable to provide Carriages, Horses, or Vessels, shall do any Act or Thing by which the Execution of such Warrants shall be hindered; or if any Constable shall neglect to deliver in to the Justices at Quarter Sessions Lists of Officers and Soldiers of the Foot Guards quartered according to the Provisions of this Act, or shall cause to be delivered defective Lists of the same; or if any Person, liable by this Act to have any Officer or Soldier quartered on him, shall refuse to receive and to afford proper Accommodation or Diet in the House of such Person in which he is quartered, and to furnish the several Things directed to be furnished to Officers and Soldiers, or shall neglect or refuse to furnish good and sufficient Stables, together with good and sufficient Hay and Straw for each Horse, at the Rate established by any Act in force in that respect; or shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money to any Soldier on the March in lieu of furnishing in Kind the Diet and Small Beer to which such Soldier is entitled; such Constable, Victualler, or other Person respectively shall forfeit for every Offence, Neglect, or Refusal, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

Penalties upon

LXIII. And be it enacted, That if any Military Officer shall

the Military so take upon himself to quarter Soldiers otherwise than is limited offending* and allowed by this Act, or shall use or offer any Menace or Compulsion to or upon any Mayors, Constables, or other Civil Officers, tending to deter and discourage any of them from performing any Part of their Duty under this Act, or tending to induce any of them to do any Thing contrary to their said Duty, such Officer shall for every such Offence (being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the County by the Oath of Two credible Witnesses) be deemed and taken to be ipso facto cashiered, and shall be utterly disabled to hold any Military Employment in His Majesty's Service; provided that a Certificate thereof shall be transmitted by the said Justice to the Judge Advocate in London, who is hereby required to certify the same to the Commander in Chief and Secretary at War, and that the said Conviction be affirmed at some Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County held next after the Expiration of Three Months after such Certificate of the Justice shall have been transmitted as aforesaid; and if any Military Officer shall take, or knowingly suffer to be taken, any Money or Reward of any Person for excusing the quartering of Officers or Soldiers, or shall billet any of the Wives, Children, Men or Maid Servants of any Officer or Soldier in any House, against the Consent of the Occupier, he shall, upon being convicted thereof before a General

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

85

Court-martial, be cashiered; and if any Officer shall constrain any Carriage to travel beyond the Distance specified in the Justice's Warrant, or shall not discharge the same in due Time for their Return Home on the same Day, if it be practicable, except in the Case of Emergency, for which the Justice shall have given Licence, or shall compel the Driver of any Carriage to take up any Soldier or Servant (except such as are sick) or any Woman to ride therein, except in Cases of Emergency as aforesaid, or shall force any Constable, by threatening Words, to provide Saddle Horses for himself or Servants, or shall force Horses from their Owners, or in Ireland shall force the Owner to take any Loading until the same shall be first duly weighed, if the same can be done within a reasonable Time, or shall, contrary to the Will of the Owner or his Servant, permit any Person whatsoever to put any greater Load upon any Carriage than is directed by this Act, shall forfeit for every Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That any Person who shall unlawfully have in his or her Possession or Keeping, or who shall knowingly detain, buy, exchange, or receive from any' Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, on any Pretence whatsoever, or shall solicit or entice any Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell any Arms, Ammunition, Clothes, or Military Furniture, or any Provisions, or any Sheets or other Articles used in Barracks, provided under Barrack Regulations, or any Regimental Necessaries, or any Article of Forage provided for any Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service, or shall change the Colour of any Clothes as aforesaid, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, together with Treble the Value of all or any of the several Articles of which such Offender shall so become possessed; and if any credible Person shall prove on Oath before a Justice of the Peace a reasonable Cause to suspect that any Person has in his or her Possession, or on his or her Premises, any Property of the Description herein-before described, on or with respect to which any such Offence shall have been committed, the Justice may grant a Warrant to search for such Property, as in the Case of stolen Goods.

LXV. And be it enacted, That all the Persons (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under Military Command) who shall cause to be advertised, posted, or dispersed Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company's Service, or shall open or keep any House, Place of Rendezvous, or Office, or receive any Person therein under such Bill or Advertisement, as connected with the Recruiting Service, or shall directly or indirectly interfere therewith, without Permission in Writing from the Adjutant General, or from the Directors of the East India Company (as the Case may be), shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That every Person, not being an authorized Army Agent, who shall negotiate or act as Agent for and in relation to the Purchase, Sale, or Exchange of any Commission in His Majesty's Forces, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and every Person, whether au-

G 3 thorized

Penalty on purchasing Soldiers* Necessaries, Stores, &c.

Penalty on unlawful Recruiting.

Penalty on trafficking in Commissions.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Penalty on killing Game.

Officers not liable to take Parish Apprentices.

Mode of recording a Soldier's Settlement.

Notification to Parishes of good or bad Conduct of Soldien.

C. 15.

thorized or not as an Army Agent, who shall receive any Money or Reward in respect of any such Purchase, Sale, or Exchange, or shall negotiate or receive for any Purpose whatsoever any Money or Consideration where no Price is allowed by His Majesty's Regulations, or any Money or Consideration exceeding the Amount so allowed, shall forfeit One hundred Pounds, and Treble the Value of the Consideration where the Commission is not allowed to be sold, or Treble the Excess of such Consideration beyond the regular Price.

LXVII. And for the better Preservation of Game and Fish in or near such Places where any Officers shall at any Time be quartered, be it enacted, That every Officer who shall, without Leave in Writing from the Persons entitled to grant such Leave, take, kill, or destroy any Game or Fish within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and upon Complaint thereof shall be, upon Oath of One or more credible Witnesses, convicted before any Justice, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Officer of His Majesty's Forces, residing in Barracks, or elsewhere under Military Law, shall be deemed liable to have any Parish Poor Child bound Apprentice to him.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That any Justice in the United Kingdom, within whose Jurisdiction any Soldier' in the Regular Army, or on the permanent Staff of the Militia, having a Wife or Child, shall be billetted, may summon such Soldier before him in the Place where he is billetted (which Summons he is hereby directed to obey), and take his Examination in Writing, upon Oath, touching the Place of his last legal Settlement in England, and such Justice shall give an attested Copy of such Examination to the Person examined, to be by him delivered to his Commanding Officer, to be produced when required; which said Examination and such attested Copy shall be at any Time admitted in Evidence as to such last legal Settlement before any Justice or at any General or Quarter Sessions, although such Soldier be dead or absent from the Kingdom; provided that in case any Soldier shall be again summoned to make Oath as aforesaid, then, on such Examination or such attested Copy thereof being produced by him or by any other Person on his Behalf, such Soldier shall not be obliged to take any other Oath with regard to his legal Settlement, but shall leave a Copy of such Examination, or a Copy of such attested Copy of Examination, if required.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the Churchwardens of every Parish in England and Ireland, and the Constables or other Officers of every Parish or Place in Scotland, on receiving a Notification from the Secretary at War of the Names of any Soldiers belonging to the said Parish who have, for meritorious Conduct in the Army, received His Majesty's special Approbation, or who, in consequence of Misconduct, have been dismissed His Majesty's Service with Disgrace, shall affix such Notification on the Outside of the Door of the Church or Chapel belonging to such Parish or Place on the Sunday next succeeding the Receipt of the said Notification.

L.

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

87

LXXI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice, before whom any Recruit shall be attested before the Expiration of the Term of Service for which he had been hired by his Master, to adjudge to such Recruit a reasonable Proportion of his Wages for the Time he has actually served; and the said Justice shall make an Order for the Payment of the Amount so awarded, and, in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the same within Four Days, shall issue his Warrant for levying the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Master.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That when any Persons shall hold any Canteens under proper Authority of the Board of Ordnance, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, to grant or transfer any Beer, Wine, or Spirit Licence to such Persons, without regard to the Time of Year, or to the Notices or Certificates required by any Act in respect of such Licences; and the Commissioners of Excise, or their proper Officers within their respective Districts, shall also grant such Licences as aforesaid; and such Persons so holding Canteens, and having such Licences, may sell therein Victuals and Exciseable Liquors, as empowered by such Excise Licence, without being subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture.

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That all Muster Rolls and Pay Lists which are required to be verified upon Oath shall be sworn before and attested by any Justice, without Fee or Reward to himself or to his Clerk.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That any Action which shall be brought against any Person for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought within Six Months, and it shall be lawful for every such Person to plead thereunto the General Issue of Not Guilty, and to give all special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue; and if the Verdict shall be for the Defendant in any such Action, or the Plaintiff therein become Nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, or if, in Scotland, such Court shall see fit to assoilzie the Defendant or dismiss the Complaint, the Court in which the said Matter shall be tried shall allow unto the Defendants Treble Costs, for which the said Defendant shall have the like Remedy as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants; and every Action against any Person for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or against any Member or Minister of a Court-martial, in respect of any Sentence of such Court, or of any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of such Sentence, shall be brought in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court whatsoever.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That all Offences for which any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act imposed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, over and above any Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value, shall and may be determined, and such Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, in every Part of the United Kingdom, by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to facilitate summary Proceedings before Justices of the Peace and others, and of another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

G 4? of

Wages of a Servant enlisting.

Licences of Canteeus.

Attestation of Accouuls.

Forms of Actions at Law.

Recovery of Penalties.

3 G. 4. c. 23.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

5G.4.C. 18.

Appropriation of Penalties *

Administration of Oaths.

Perjury.

Duration of the Act.

of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the more effectual Recovery of Penalties before Justices and Magistrates on Conviction of Offenders, for facilitating the Execution of Warrants by Constables: Provided always, that in all Cases in which there shall not be sufficient Goods whereon any Penalty or Forfeiture can be levied, the Offender may be committed and imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Months; which said recited Acts shall be used and applied in Scotland, for the Recovery of all such Penalties and Forfeitures, as fully, to all Intents, as it the said recited Acts had extended to Scotland, any Thing in the said recited Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Offences committed in the British Isles, or in any of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, may be determined, and the Penalties and Forfeitures and Forfeiture of Value or Treble Value recovered, before any Justices of the Peace, or Persons exercising like Authority, according to the Laws of the Part of His Majesty's Dominions in which the Offence shall be committed; and all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, exceeding Twenty Pounds, shall be recovered by Action in some of the Courts of Record at Westminster or in Dublin, or in the Court of Session in Scotland, and in no other Court in the United Kingdom, and may be recovered in the British Isles, or in any other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions, in any of the Royal or Superior Courts of such Isles or other Parts of His Majesty's Dominions.

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That one Moiety of every Penalty, not including any Treble Value of any Articles, adjudged or recovered under the Provisions of this Act, shall go to the Person who shall inform or sue for the same, and the other Moiety, or, where the Offence shall be proved by the Person who shall inform, the Whole of the Penalty, shall be paid to the General Agent for the Recruiting Service, to be at the Disposal of the Secretary at War; and every Justice who shall adjudge any Penalty under this Act shall, within Four Days at the farthest, report the same to the Secretary at War.

LXXVII. And be it enacted, That all Oaths which are authorized and required by this Act may be administered (unless where otherwise provided) by any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate acting as such; and that any Person taking a false Oath in any Case wherein an Oath is required to be taken by this Act shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and being thereof duly convicted shall be liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Laws now in force any Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be and continue in force within Great Britain from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force within Ireland, and in Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Isle of Man, and the Islands thereto belonging, from the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive, until the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force within the Garrison of Gibraltar, the Mediterranean,

i

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C.l 5.

89

terranean, and in Spain and Portugal, from the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force in all other Parts of Europe where His Majesty's Forces may be serving, and in the West Indies and America, from the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive, to the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force within the Cape of Good Hope, the Isle of France and Bourbon, and Islands thereto belonging, St. Helenaf and the Western Coast of Africa, from the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive, to the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and shall be and continue in force in all other Places from the First Dav of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one inclusive, to the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and thirty-three: Provided that this Act shall, from and after the Receipt and Promulgation thereof in General Orders in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, become and be in full Force; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That this Act may be altered, varied, or repealed by any Act or Acte to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

FORM of Oaths to be taken by Members of Courts-martial.

Y DU shall well and truly try and determine according to the Evidence in the Matter now before you.

So help you GOD.

I do swear, That I will duly administer Jus-

tice according to the Rules and Articles for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and according to an Act now in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and other Crimes therein mentioned, without Partiality, Favour, or Affection, and if any Doubt shall arise which is not explained by the said Articles or Act, according to my Conscience, the best of my Understanding, and the Custom of War in the like Cases: And I further swear, That I will not divulge the Sentence of the Court until it shall be duly approved; neither will I, upon any Account, at any Time whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

FORM of Oath of Judge Advocate.

J do swear, That I will not, upon any Account

whatsoever, disclose or discover the Vote or Opinion of any particular Member of the Court-martial, unless required to give Evidence thereof as a Witness by a Court of Justice or a Court-martial in a due Course of Law. So help me GOD.

Alteration of the Act.

90

a is.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

QUESTIONS to be separately put by the Justice to a Recruit.

Enlisting for unlimited Service.

1. What is your Name?

2. In what Parish, and in or near what Town, and in what County, were you born ?

S. What is your Age ?

4. What is your Trade or Calling ?

5. Are you an Apprentice ?

6. Are you married ?

7. Are you ruptured or lame; have you ever been subject to Fits; or have you any Disability or Disorder which impedes the free Use of your Limbs, or unfits you for ordinary Labour ?

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the Regiment of until you shall be legally discharged ?

9. On what Day and by whom were you enlisted ?

10. For what Bounty did you enlist?

11. Do you now belong to the Militia?

12. Do you belong to any other Regiment, or to the Marines, Ordnance, or Navy ?

13. Have you ever served in the Army, Marines, Ordnance, or Navy ?

Note, — The Justice is directed, in putting the 11th Question to the Recruit, and before he receives his Answer, distinctly to apprise the Recruit that if he belongs to the Militia, and denies the Fact, he is liable to Six Months Imprisonment.

Enlisting for limited Service.

The preceding Questions to be put by the Justice* except Question 8, which is to be as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in the

Regiment of for the Period of [/Am

Blank to be fUed up by the Justice with Seven Years for Infantry, Ten Years for Cavalry, and Twelve Years for the Artillery, if the Person enlisted is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards; but if under the Age of Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Seven, Ten, or Twelve Years, as the Case may be, '] Years, provided His Majesty should for so long require your Service, and also for such further Term, not exceeding Six Months, as shall be directed by the Commanding Officer on any Foreign Station, and not exceeding Three Years, as shall be directed by any Proclamation of His Majesty, such Additional Period, in the latter Case, to determine when* ever Six Months of continued Peace, to be reckoned from the Ratification of any definitive Treaty, shall have elapsed subsequent to the Expiration of the said [Seven, Ten, or Twelve, as the Case may be,] Years ?

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

91

Enlisting for either His Majesty $ or the East India Company s Service.

Question 8 is to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve in. His Majesty's Army, or in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, according as His Majesty shall think fit to order, until you shall be duly and legally discharged ?

Enlisting for the East India Company's Service.

Question 8 to be put by the Justice as follows:

8. Are you willing to be attested to serve the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, until you shall be legally discharged? [Or if the Recruit enlists for limited Service then insert, for the Period of Twelve Years,] [if the Person enlisting is of the Age of Eighteen Years or upwards, but if under Eighteen Years, then the Difference between his Age and Eighteen to be added to such Twelve Years, as the Case may be, and such Period to be inserted instead of Twelve Years,] provided the said United Company should so long require your Service ?

OATH to be taken by a Recruit enlisting for unlimited or limited

Service.

T do make Oath, That the above Questions have

been separately put to me; that the Answers thereto have been read over to me; and that they are the same that I gave, and are true.

I do also make Oath, That I will be faithful and bear true Allegiance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and that will, as in Duty bound, honestly and faithfully defend His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Person, Crown, and Dignity, against all Enemies, and will observe and obey all Orders of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the Generals and Officers set over me. So help me GOD.

Witness my Hand

If enlisting for either His Majesty's or the East India Company's Service, the following Addition is to be made to the foregoing Oath.

And that if His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall please to appoint me to serve in the Forces of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, then I swear, that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Oraers of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

Signature of Recruit.

Witness present.

Sworn before me at this Day One thousand eight hundred and

Signature of the Justice.

92

C. 15.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

If enlisting for the East India Company's Service, the following is to be added to the Oath.

And that I will also be true to the said United Company, and will duly observe and obey all their Orders, and the Orders of their Generals and Officers who shall be lawfully set over me.

CERTIFICATE to be given by the Justice.

Description of Age, apparently

Height, Feet Inches.

Complexion,

Eyes,

Hair,

Any distinctive Mark,

1 T One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

to wit J of do hereby certify, That the above is the

Description of the Recruit; and in my Presence all

the foregoing Questions were put to the said; that

the Answers written opposite to them are those which he gave to me; and that the First and Second Articles of the Second Section of the Articles of War were read over to him; that he took the Oath of Allegiance and Fidelity; that he received the Sum of on being attested this Day; and that I have given

him a Duplicate of this Certificate, signed with my Name.

__________ Signature of the Justice.

FORM of Oath to be taken by a Master whose Apprentice has absconded.

T of do make Oath, That I am by Trade a,

and that was bound to serve as an Apprentice to me in

the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term of Years; and that the said did on or about the Day of abscond and quit my Service without

my Consent; and that to the best of my Knowledge and Belief the said is aged about Years. Witness my Hand

at the Day of One thousand eight hundred and

Sworn before me at this Day of 1 One thousand eight hundred and J

to wit.

of

H

FORM of Justice's Certificate, to be given to the Master of an Apprentice.

One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace of certify, That

came before me at the Day of

One thousand eight hundred and, and made

Oath that he was by Trade a, and that was

bound

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 15.

93

bound to serve as an Apprentice to him in the said Trade, by Indenture dated the Day of for the Term

of Years; and that the said Apprentice did on or about

the Day of abscond and quit the Service

of the said without his Consent, and that to the best

of his Knowledge and Belief the said Apprentice is aged about Years.

FORM of Oath of Attestation of a Commissary's Accounts.

J do hereby make Oath, That I have not applied

any Money or Stores, or Supplies, under my Care or Distribution, to my own Use, or to the private Use of any other Person, by way of Loan to such Person or otherwise, or in any Manner applied them, or knowingly permitted them to be applied, to any other than public Purposes, according to the Duty or my Office. Sworn before me by the within-named 1

this Day of. J

Justice of the Peace for the County of 9

or Commander in Chief or Second in Command, et cetera, the Army serving in et cetera

[or the Case may be].

o

o

n

DESCRIPTION Return of committed to Confinement at

as a Deserter from the Battalion of the

on the Day of

Regiment

Age.

Size. Complexion. Colour of

Feet. Inches. 1 Hair. Eyes.

Marks.

Probable Date of Enlistment, and in what District.

Probable Date of Desertion, & from whence.

Name, Occupation, and Address of the Person bjr whom apprehended.

Particulars of the Evidence upon which the Prisoner is committed.

Whether the Prisoner confess before the Magistrate that be u a Deserter.

I do hereby certify, that the Prisoner has been duly examined before me as to the Circumstances herein stated, and has declared in my Presence that he a Deserter from the before-mentioned Corps.

— Signature and Address of Magistrate. Signature of Prisoner.

— w Signature of Irformer.

Insert "Is" or "is not," as the Case may be.

JI certify that I have inspected the Prisoner, consider him fit for active Service.

- - Signature of Surgeon.

t If a Military Medical Officer be at or near the Place, he will inspect the Deserter, and report as to his Fitness for Military Servfcf,

C. 15. 1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 16, 17.

95

CAP. XVI.

An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two an Act of the Fifty-fourth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[15th March 1831.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks on Printed Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs.

[15th March 1831.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, for repealing

the Duties of Excise payable m Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, certain Duties were granted and imposed on all Foreign Calico and Foreign Muslin printed,

stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, except such as should

be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and on all Linens, and on Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, and British Muslins, and on all Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities, and other Figured Stufis made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, and on all other Stuffs whatsoever which should be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, except such as should be dyed thronglk- out of One Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof

the greatest Part in Value should be Woollen: And whereas by certain other Acts of Parliament the like Duties were imposed on all such Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Ireland\ and removed from Ireland into Great Britain: And whereas by the said recited Act and other Acts, certain Drawbacks of the said Duties were granted on the Removal of such printed Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs from Great Britain to Ireland, and on the Exportation of the same from Great Britain, to Foreign Parts: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repealing several Duties of Excise payable upon Excise Licences in Great Britain and Ireland, and imposing other Duties in lieu thereof, and for amending the Laws for granting Excise Licences, certain Duties of Excise were imposed on Licences by the said Act required to be taken out by every Calico Printer, and every Printer,

Painter, or Stainer of Linens, Cottons, and Stuffs in Great Britain and Ireland: And whereas it is expedient that all the said Duties and Drawbacks should cease and determine; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one the said several

Duties

54G.S. c. 187.

43 G. 3. c. 09.

From 1st of March 1831, all the Duties

C. 17.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

and Drawbacks

on Printed Calicoes, and all Duties on Licences to Calico Printers, repealed.

Proviso as to Arrears and Penalties.

An Account of Calicoes in the Possession of Printers, &c. to be taken within One 1 Month after the passing of this Act, and all missing Pieces to be charged with Duty, if not proved to have paid it.

Duties of Excise payable on Foreign and British Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, and all Duties on Licences required to be taken out by Calico Printers, and by Printers, Painters, and Stainers of Linen and Stuffs, in Great Britain and Ireland, and all Drawbacks for or in respect of the Removal from Great Britain to Ireland, or the Exportation from Great Britain, of any printed, stained, painted, or dyed Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs, except as the said Drawbacks are herein-after specially continued, shall cease and determine, and be no longer chargeable or payable; and if any such Duty shall have been paid before the Commencement of this Act, which shall have been charged after the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the same shall be returned, under such Regulations as the Commissioners of Excise shall appoint: Provided always, that any Arrear of the said Duties, or of any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect thereof, which shall have been incurred before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, or the Payment of any Drawback which shall be payable in respect of any Removal or Exportation of any such Goods before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, shall and may be sued for, levied, recovered, and paid in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed.

II. And whereas the Officers of Excise are now by Law authorized and empowered to take an Account of the Quantities of Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs which shall at any Time or Times be

in the Custody or Possession of any Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed; and in case any such Officer or Officers shall miss any Quantity or Quantities of such Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs whereof he had taken an Account at his last Survey, and shall not, upon reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what is become of the same, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer with the Duties of such Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs so missing, as if the same were printed, painted, stained, or dyed: And whereas it is expedient to continue the said Power until an Account can be taken of all such Quantities of Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs as shall have been taken Account of by the Officers of Excise at any Time before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise, at any Time within One Calendar Month after the passing of this Act, to take an Account of the Quantities of all Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs in the Custody or Possession of any Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer in Great Britain, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed; and if on such Account any such Officer of Excise shall miss or not have produced to him any Quantity or Quantities of Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, or Stuffs whereof an Account had been taken by any Officer or Officers of Excise before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and it shall not be satisfactorily shown to the Officer taking such Account that the Quantities of Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, or Stuffs so missing have been duly charged with the

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 17.

97

Duties of Excise payable thereon, every such Officer shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to charge such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer with the Duties of such Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, or Stuffs as if the same had been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, and charged with Duty, before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one; and all Duties so charged shall be deemed and taken to be Arrears of Duty incurred before the said First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and shall be recovered accordingly.

III. And whereas it is expedient to provide for continuing for a certain Time the said Drawbacks on the Removal and Exportation of all such Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs as shall have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain since the thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine be it therefore enacted, That until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, the Drawbacks of the said Duties now payable shall be paid and payable on the Removal from Great Britain to Ireland, and on the Exportation from Great Britain of all such Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs as shall appear by the Date of the Year in the Frame Mark of the Officer of Excise on both Ends of each Piece thereof to have been printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain since the Thirty-first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and twenty-nine; and all such printed, stained, painted, or dyed Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs shall be removed and exported, and the Drawbacks thereon paid, under the Laws, Enactments, and Regulations relating to the Removal and Exportation of such Goods in force before the passing of this Act; and from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, except as to the Payment of any Drawback in respect of such Goods removed or exported on or before that Day, all such Drawbacks shall wholly cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall continue to be charged, collected, and recovered under the Laws,

Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures now in force on all Printed Calicoes, Muslins, Linens, and Stuffs removed from Ireland into Great Britain, until the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, when the Drawbacks on the Removal and Exportation of such Calicoes, Linens, Muslins, and Stuffs from Great Britain will expire; and from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one all the said Duties shall cease and determine.

V. And whereas by the Laws now in force for regulating the Exportation of Goods on Drawback, no Goods removed or exported on Payment of Drawback can be legally relanded in Great Britain} but the same on such relanding are forfeited, such Drawbacks having been granted to be payable only on the bona fide Removal or Exportation of Goods for Consumption elsewhere than in Great Britain: And whereas it may happen that,

in anticipation of the Repeal of the Duties hereby repealed,

Persons may have removed to Ireland, and during the Continuance of the Payment of the Drawbacks may continue to remove to Ireland, Linens, Calicoes, Muslins, and Stuffs, printed,

Drawbacks on the Removal and Exporta-ation of Goods printed since December 1829 may be paid until June 1831.

Duties on, Printed Linens removed from Ireland to Great Britain to continue until 1st June 1831, and then expire.

From June

1831 to June

1832 all Printed Goods brought from Ireland to Great Britain to be accompanied with a Certificate of their having been printed in Ireland.

98

C. 17.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Penalty on forging a Certificate or using a false one.

Act maybe altered this Session *

painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, for the Purpose only of obtaining the Drawbacks payable on such Remora), and

with the Intention of afterwards returning the Goods so removed free of Duty for Consumption in Great Britain, whereby a large Amount of Money will be payable for such Drawbacks, contrary to the Intentions of Parliament when such Drawbacks were granted, and to the great Injury of the Revenue, and it u expedient to provide against such Practices; Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, when the Duties and Drawbacks on the Removal of Printed Muslins, Linens, Calicoes, and Studs to and from Great Britain and Ireland respectively are to cease and determine, and until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, all printed, painted, stained, or dyed Muslins, Calicoes, Linens, and Studs, which shall be removed from Ireland to Great Britain, shall be accompanied by a Certificate granted and signed by the Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer of such Muslins, Linens, Calicoes, or Studs; which Certificate shall set forth and specify the Quantity and Description of the Goods, and any Marks by which the same may be distinguished, and that the Goods were bon&Jide printed, painted, dtained, or dyed in Ireland by such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer at his Field or Works (the Situation whereof shall also be stated); and the Person accompanying such Goods on their Removal, or to whom such Goods shall be consigned in Great Britain, or his Agent at the Port of Arrival, shall produce such Certificate to the proper Officer of Customs at such Port, and shall also make and sign a Declaration on such Certificate, that to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the Goods specified therein were wholly minted, painted, stained, or dyed in Ireland, and are not, nor any Part of them, British Goods which have been removed to Ireland on Drawback; and if after the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, and before the said First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, any printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods shall be found on board any Vessel m Ireland for Removal to Great Britain, or shall be brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain, unaccompanied by such Certificate, or if on the Arrival of such Goods in Great Britain the Person accompanying the same, or the Consignee thereof, or his Agent, shall not deliver such Certificate, or shall not make such Declaration thereon, all such Goods shall be forfeited, and may be seized by any Officer of Customs or Excise; and if any Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer of Printed Goods in Ireland shall give any false Certificate, or if any Person shall forge or counterfeit any such Certificate, or make use of any false or counterfeited Certificate, or shall make any false Declaration, every* Person so offending shall forfeit One hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended, or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. CAP. XVIII. C. 18. 99

to explain and amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, as far as regards the Settlement of the Poor by the renting and Occupation of Tenements.

[30th March 1831.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty George the Fourth, intituled *an Act for the Amendment of the Law respecting the Settlement of the Poor, as far as regards renting Tenements and paying Parochial Taxes, it was among other things enacted, that no

Person shall acquire a Settlement in any Parish or Township maintaining its own Poor by or by reason of settling upon, renting, or paying Parochial Rates for any Tenement not being his

or her own Property, unless such Tenement shall consist of a separate and distinct Dwelling House or Building, or of Land, or of both, bona fide rented by such Person in such Parish or Township at and for the Sum of Ten Pounds a Year at the least for the Term of One whole Year; nor unless such House or Building, or Land, shall be occupied under such Yearly Hiring, and the Rent for the same to the Amount of Ten Pounds actually paid for the Term of One Whole Year at the least: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary to prove the actual Values (of such Tenements; any Thing in any Act or Acts, or any Construction of or Implication from any Act or Acts, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect to the Intentions of the Legislature concerning the Occupation of such House, Building,

or Land by the Person hiring the same, and concerning the Amount of the Rent to be paid and the Person paying the same: And whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person shall acquire a Settlement in any Parish or Township maintaining its own Poor, by or by reason of such Yearly Hiring of a Dwelling House or Building, or of Land, or of both, as in the said Act expressed, unless such House or Building, or Land, shall be actually occupied under such Yearly Hiring in the same Parish or Township, by the Person hiring the same, for the Term of One whole Year at the least, and unless' the Rent for the same, to the Amount of Ten Pounds at the least, shall be paid by the Person hiring the same.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the yearly Rent shall exceed Ten Pounds, Payment to the Amount of Ten Pounds shall be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of gaining a Settlement under the said recited Act.

6 G. 4. c. 57.

No Person shall acquire a Settlement by .reason of a Yearly Hiring of a Tenement, or of Land, unless be shall actually occupy the same.

Payment to the Amount of 10/. shall gain a Settlement.

100

C. 19.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

55 G.S. c. 120.

3G.4. c. 5.

11 G.4. c.sa

The Officer appointed under 55 G. 3. shall transmit such Schedule and Explanations

CAP. XIX.

An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof.

[30th March 1831.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the taking an Account of the Population of Ireland, and for the ascertaining the Increase or Diminution thereof, it is among other Things enacted, that Schedules of Instructions for carrying the said Act into execution, and Forms of the several Accounts and Returns required to be made by the

said Act, and of the Attestations of such Accounts and Returns, and of all other Matters and Things requisite for the Purpose of fully carrying into execution the Purposes of the said Act, should be prepared by an Officer to be appointed by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland, under the Directions of such Chief Secretary, and that printed Copies of such Instructions and Forms should be transmitted, and acted upon,

from time to time, for the Purposes of the said Act, in manner by the said Act specified and required: And whereas by an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty king George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal so much of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for taking an Account of the Population o/" Ireland, as relates to certain Expences to he incurred under the said Act, Part of the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third was repealed: And whereas by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for taking an Account of the Population of Great Britain, and of the Increase or Diminution thereof, it was directed that Inquiry

should be made into certain Particulars relating to the Matters specified in certain Questions in the Schedule to such Act annexed, and that from the Information obtained by such Inquiry Answers or Returns to the said Questions should be prepared in the Form prescribed in the said Schedule: And whereas it is

expedient that the Powers contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third should be applied and put in execution for the obtaining Answers and Returns in Ireland as nearly as possible similar to those required in Great Britain by the said recited Act of the last Session; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for such Officer as may be from time to time appointed by the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to digest and arrange the Returns to be made pursuant to the said

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 19.

101

recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, in like Manner to prepare, under the like Direction of such Chief Secretary, such Schedule and Explanations as may be necessary for the obtaining such and the like Information in and throughout Ireland as is required in Great Britain by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, so far as the same or any Part thereof can or may be obtained in Ireland; and printed Copies of such Schedule and Explanations shall be transmitted by such Officer to the Clerk of the Peace and Town Clerks in every County, County of a City, and County of a Town in Ireland, to be by them distributed in like Manner as by the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third aforesaid is required and directed with respect to the Instructions and Forms mentioned in that Act.

II. And be it, and it is hereby enacted, That all such Proceedings shall be had and shall take place, for obtaining the Information required by such Schedule and Explanation as are authorized and required by the said Act of the said Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third with respect to the Information sought by the Instructions and Forms mentioned or referred to by that Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act so many printed Copies of this Act, and of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and of the said Acts of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, and of the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, shall be provided by His Majesty's Printer, for the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in Dublin, as shall be required by or on behalf of such Chief Secretary for carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Persons who shall be appointed under Authority of the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the Purpose of taking the Accounts relating to the existing Population of Ireland mentioned and specified in the Instructions or Forms authorized by that Act, shall and are hereby authorized and required to inquire into the several Particulars specified in the Schedule and Explanations to be issued under Authority of this Act, and to prepare Answers and Returns accordingly, and, at such Time and in such Manner as by the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Rei^n of King George the Third, such Persons are required, authorized, and empowered to inform themselves of the several Matters and Particulars included in the Schedules of Instructions and Forms of Accounts prepared and issued under Authority of that Act.

V. And be it, and it is hereby enacted, That all the Powers, Regulations, Clauses, Provisions, Penalties, Matters, and Things in the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third mentioned, relating to the taking Accounts of the Number of Persons who shall be actually found, within the Limits of every Parish, Barony, Townland, District, Division, or Place in Ireland, shall be applied and extended to the Purposes of this Act, so far as the same are applicable or can be applied to such Purposes,

as may be necessary to obtain, in Ireland, the Information required in Great Britain by 11 G.4. c. SO.

Proceedings for obtaining such Information shall be had in like Manner as required by 55 G.3. c. 120.

Copies of this Act and the recited Acts shall be provided for the Chief Secretary's Office.

Persons to be appointed to take the Accounts under 55 G. S. shall inquire into and prepare Returns of the Particulars hereby required.

Powers and Penalties of recited Act of 55 G. 3. extended to this Act.

C. 19, 20.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Answers and Returns hereby required shall be transmitted to the Office of the Chief Secretary, to be digestkl, and an Abstract thereof laid before Parliament.

Compensation to Persons employed.

Copies not to be made by Clerks of Peace.

Regulations and Penalties under 55 G. 3. c. 120. extended to this Act, except as repealed by 3G.4. c. 5.

91 G. 9. c. SI.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Answers and Returns of the Particulars comprised in the Schedule and Explanations to be prepared and issued under and by virtue of the Provision of this Act, shall be transmitted to the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors

of Ireland, by such Persons and in such Manner as is required with respect to Returns under the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third; and such Answers and Returns, so transmitted to the Office of such Chief Secretary, shall be digested and reduced into Order by such Officer as such Chief Secretary shall appoint for the Purpose; and an Abstract thereof shall he from time to time laid before both Houses of Parliament, in like Manner, and at the same Time, as the Accounts obtained under the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed, for the Trouble and Expence of the several Persons employed in making the Inquiries and preparing the Answers and Returns required by this Act, such reasonable Compensation, to be estimated, calculated, and paid in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, with respect to the Accounts and Returns mentioned in the said Act: Provided always, that it shall not be necessary or requisite that any Copies of such Accounts shall be made by any Clerks of the Peace or Town Clerks, or lodged among the County Records; any Thing in the said Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained and expressed in the said recited Act of the Fifty-fifth Year of the Reign of King George the Third aforesaid, shall be applied and put in force" for the Execution of this Act; and all such Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, and all Directions relating thereto, are hereby extended to the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this Act, except only so far as the same are repealed by the Act hereinbefore recited, made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, or as the same are expressly altered or provided for by this Act.

CAP. XX.

An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to Lands holden in Free and Common Soccage in the Province of Lcmer Canada.

[30th March 1831.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of Quebec in North America, and to make further Provision for the Government of the Province," it was amongst other Things

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 20.

103

enacted, that in every Case where Lands should be thereafter

granted within the Province of Lower Canada, and where the Grantee thereof should desire the same to be granted in Free and Common Soccage, the same should be so granted, but subject nevertheless to such Alterations with, respect to the Nature and Consequences of such Tenure of Free and Common Soc- cage as might be established by any Law or Laws which might be made by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of His or Their Privy Council: And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to provide for the Extinction of Feudal and Seignioral Rights and Burthens on Lands held & Titre de Fief and h Titre de Cens

in the Province of Lower Canada, and for the gradual Conver-

sion of those Tenures into the Tenure of Free and Common Soc-

cagey and for other Purposes relating to the said Province9 after reciting that Doubts had arisen whether Lands granted in the said Province of Lower Canada by His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, or by any of His Royal Predecessors, to be holden in Free and Common Soccage would be held by the

Owners thereof, or would subsequently pass to other Persons, according to the Rules of Descent and Alienation in force in England, or according to such Rules as were established by the ancient Laws of the said Province for the Descent and Alienation of Land situate therein, it was thereby declared and enacted, that all Lands within the said Province of Lower Canada, which had theretofore been granted by His said late Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to any Person or Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, to be holden in Free and Common Soccage, or which should or might thereafter be so granted by His said late Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to any Person or Persons, their Heirs and Assigns, to be holden in Free and Common Soccage, might and should be by such Grantees, their Heirs and Assigns, held, granted, bargained, sold, aliened, conveyed, and disposed of, and might and should pass by Descent, in such Manner and Form, and upon and under such Rules and Restrictions, as are by the Law of England established and in force in reference to the Grant, Bargain, Sale, Alienation, Conveyance, Disposal, and Descent of Lands holden by the like Tenure therein situate, or to the Dower or other Rights of Married Women in such Lands, and not otherwise, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and it was thereby provided, that nothing therein contained should extend to prevent His Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Legislative Council and Assembly of the Province of Lower Canada, from making and enacting any such Laws or Statutes as might be necessary for the better adapting the before-mentioned Rules of the Law of England, or any of

them, to the local Circumstances and Conditions of the said Province of Lower Canada and the Inhabitants thereof: And whereas Doubts have arisen how far R is competent to His Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the said Legislative Council and Assembly, to make and enact any Laws or Statutes establishing Rules respecting the Descent of Lands so granted

6 Ga 4» c. 59a

C. 20, *1.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

His Majesty may assent to any Bill passed by the Legislative Council and Assembly of Lower Canada for regulating the Descent or Grant of Lands, &c. notwithstanding any Repugnancy In such Regulations to the Law of England.

Applications for Writs of Prohibitions may be made on Affidavit only.

Contents of Declaration in case the Party is directed to declare in Prohibition.

Defendant may demur to Declaration.

in Free and Common Soccage as aforesaid, or respecting the Grant, Bargain, Sale, Alienation, Conveyance, or Disposal of such Lands, or respecting the Dower or other Rights of Married Women in or to such Lands, in any Case wherein such Rules are repugnant to or at variance with the Law of England / and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to assent to or to authorise His or Their Assent to be given to any Bill or Bills which hath or have heretofore been or which may hereafter be passed by the said Legislative Council and Assembly for regulating the Descent, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Alienation, Conveyance, or Disposal of any Lands which are now or which may hereafter be nolden in Free and Common Soccage within the said Province of Loioer Canada, or for regulating the Dower or other Rights of Married Women in such Lands; any Repugnancy or supposed Repugnancy of any such Regulations to the Law of England, or to any of the Provisions in the before-recited Acts of Parliament or either of them contained, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXI. An Act to improve the Proceedings in Prohibition and on Writs of Mandamus.

[30th March 1831.]

WHEREAS the filing a Suggestion of Record on Application for a Writ of Prohibition is productive of unnecessary Expence, and the Allegation of Contempt in a Declaration in Prohibition filed before Writ issued is an unnecessary Form; and it is expedient to make some better Provision for Payment of Costs in Cases of Prohibition Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be necessary to file a Suggestion on any Application for a Writ of Prohibition, but such Application may be made on Affidavits only; and in case the Party applying shall be directed to declare in Prohibition before Writ issued, such Declaration shall be expressed to be on behalf of such Party only, and not, as heretofore, on the Behalf of the Party and of His Majesty, and shall contain and set forth in a concise Manner so much only of the Proceeding in the Court below as may be necessary to shew the Ground of the Application, without alleging the Delivery of a Writ or any Contempt, and shall conclude by praying that a Writ of Prohibition may issue; to which Declaration the Party Defendant may demur, or plead such Matters, by way of Traverse or otherwise, as may be proper to shew that the Writ ought not to issue, and conclude by praying that such Writ may not issue; and Judgment shall be given, that the Writ of Prohibition do or do not issue, as Justice may require; and the Party in whose Favour Judgment shall be given, whether on Nonsuit,

Verdict,

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 21

105

Verdict, Demurrer, or otherwise, shall be entitled to the Costs at tending the Application and subsequent Proceedings, and have Judgment to recover the same; and in case a Verdict shall be given for the Party Plaintiff in such Declaration, it shall be lawful for the Jury to assess Damages, for which Judgment shall also be given, but such Assessment shall not be necessary to entitle the Plaintiff to Costs.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward tha-Sixth, intituled An Act for Payment of Tithes, as relates to Prohibition, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And whereas the Provisions contained in a certain Act

of Parliament passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamus and Irformations in the Nature of a Quo warranto more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs, relating to the Writs of Mandamus therein mentioned, have been found useful and convenient, and the same ought to be extended to the Proceeding on other such Writs; f Be it therefore enacted, That the several enactments contained in the said Statute relating to the Return to Writs of Mandamus, and the Proceedings on such Returns, and to the Recovery of Damages and Costs, shall be and the same are hereby extended and made applicable to all other Writs of Mandamus, and the Proceedings thereon, except so far only as the same may be varied or altered by this Act.

IV. And whereas Writs of Mandamus, other than such as relate to the Offices and Franchises mentioned in or provided for by the said Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne9 are sometimes issued to Officers and other Persons,

commanding them to admit to Offices, or do or perform other Matters, in respect whereof the Persons to whom such Writs are directed claim no Right or Interest, or whose Functions are merely ministerial in relation to such Offices or Matters; and it may be proper that such Officers and Persons should in certain Cases be protected against the Payment of Damages or Costs to which they may otherwise become liable; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court to which Application may be made for any Writ of Mandamus (other than such as relate to the said Offices and Franchises mentioned in or provided for by the said Act made in the Reign of Queen Anne)f if such Court shall see fit so to do, to make Rules and Orders, calling, not only upon the Person to whom such Writ may be required to issue, but also all and every other Person having or claiming any Right or Interest in or to the Matter of such Writ, to shew Cause against the issuing of such Writ and Payment of Costs of the Application, and upon the Appearance of such other Person in compliance with such Rules, or in default of Appearance after Service thereof, to exercise all such Powers and Authorities, and make all such Rules and Orders, applicable to the Case, as are or may be given or mentioned by or in any Act passed or to be passed during this present Session of Parliament for giving Relief against adverse Claims made upon Persons

having

Judgment.

Costs.

Damages.

So much of 29£d. 5. c. 13. as relates to Prohibition repealed

The Enactments of 9 Ann. c. 20. relating to Returns to Writs of Mandamus therein mentioned, and the Proceedings thereon extended to all other Writs of Mandamus.

For Protection of certain Officers to whom Writs of Mandamus are directed.

106

C. 21, 22.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Proceedings not to abate by Removal of Officer.

Costs to be in the Discretion of the Court.

having no Interest in the Subject of such Claims: Provided always, that the Return to be made to any such Writ, and Issues joined in Fact or in Law upon any Traverse thereof, or upon any Demurrer, shall be made and joined by and in the Name of the Person to whom such Writ shall be directed; but nevertheless the same shall and may, if the Court shall think fit so to direct, be expressed to be made and joined on the Behalf of such other Person as may be mentioned in such Rules; and in that Case such other Person shall be permitted to frame the Return, and to conduct the subsequent Proceedings, at his own Expence; and in such Case, if any Judgment shall be given for or against the Party suing such Writ, such Judgment shall be given against or for the Person or Persons on whose Behalf the Return shall be expressed to be made, and who shall have the like Remedy for the Recovery of Costs and enforcing the Judgment as the Person to whom the Writ shall have been^ directed might and would otherwise have had.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the Return to any such Writ shall, in pursuance of the Authority given by this Act, be expressed to be made on behalf of any other Person as aforesaid, the further Proceedings on such Writ shall not abate or be discontinued by the Death or Resignation of, or Removal from Office of, the Person having made such Return, but the same shall and may he continued and carried on in the Name of such Person; and if a peremptory Writ shall be awarded, the same shall and may be directed to any Successor in Office or Right to such Person.

VI. And for making some further Provision for the Payment of Costs on Applications for Mandamus, he it further enacted, That in all Cases of Application for any Writ of Mandamus whatsoever, the Costs of such Application, whether the Writ shall be granted or refused, and also the Costs of the Writ, if the same shall be issued and obeyed, shall be in the Discretion of the Court, and the Court is hereby authorized to order and direct by whom and to whom the same shall be paid.

IS 0.3. c. 6S.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to enable Courts of Law to order the Examination of Witnesses upon Interrogatories and otherwise.

[30th j March 1831.]

WHEREAS great Difficulties and Delays are often expeW rienced, and sometimes a Failure of Justice takes place,

in Actions depending in Courts of Law, by reason of the

Want of a competent Power and Authority in the said Courts to order and enforce the Examination of Witnesses, when the same may be required, before the Trial of a Cause: And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as $k 4 Europe, certain Powers are given and Provisions made for the Examination of Witnesses in India in the Cases therein mentioned; and it is expedient to extend such Powers and Provisions;

A.D. 1831.

\°GULIELMI IV. C.S.

107

Actions in the Courts at Westminster.

Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Powers of the Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords recited Act, as Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament to tb« Ex-assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every am, nation the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, and Matters contained in the said recited Act, relating to the Examination of Witnesses in to the India, shall be and the same are hereby extended to all Colonies, Colonies, &c. Islands, Plantations, and Places under the Dominion of His Ma- and to all jesty in Foreign Parts, and to the Judges of the several Courts therein, and to all Actions depending in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, in what Place or Country soever the Cause of Action may have arisen, and whether the same may have arisen within the Jurisdiction of the Court to the Judges whereof the Writ or Commission may be directed, or elsewhere, when it shall appear that the Examination of Witnesses under a Writ or Commission issued in pursuance of the Authority hereby given will be necessary or conducive to the due Administration of Justice in the Matter wherein such Writ shall be applied for.

II. And be it further enacted, When any Writ or Commission Judges to shall issue under the Authority of the said recited Act, or of the enforce the Power herein-before given by this Act, the Judge or Judges to Attendance of whom the same shall be directed shall have the like Power to Witnewe*-compel and enforce the Attendance and Examination of Witnesses as the Court whereof they are Judges does or may possess for that Purpose in Suits or Causes depending in such Court.

III. And be it further enacted, that the Costs of every Writ Costs to be in or Commission to be issued under the Authority of the said re- the Discretion cited Act, or of the Power herein-before given by this Act, in any Court* Action at Law depending in either of the said Courts at Westminster, and of the Proceedings thereon, shall be in the Discretion of the Court issuing the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and Witnesses to be for each of the said Courts at Westminster, and also the Court examined by an of Common Pleas of the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Officer of the Court of Pleas of the County Palatine of Durham, and the several

Judges thereof, in every Action depending in such Court, upon ^OQ. otherwise the Application of any of the Parties to such Suit, to order the by Commis-Examination on Oath, upon Interrogatories or otherwise, before non. the Master or Prothonotary of the said Court, or other Person or

Persons to be named in such Order, of any Witnesses within the r / -

Jurisdiction of the Court where the Action shall be depending/7* or to order a Commission to issue for the Examination of Witnesses on Oath at any Place or Places out of such Jurisdiction, /£?£*'% l4/l by Interrogatories or otherwise, and by the same Or any subse- '4F

quent Order or Orders to give all such Directions touching the / j,

Time, Place, and Manner of such Examination, as well within 01 J the Jurisdiction of the Court wherein the Action shall be depending as without, and all other Matters and Circumstances connected with such Examinations, as may appear reasonable and just.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any Rule or Order Compelling shall be made for the Examination of Witnesses within the Jurisdiction of the Court wherein the Action shall be depending, by p^uction^of

Authority Documents.

r3&

108

C. 22.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Payment of Expences.

Proviso as to Production of Documents.

Examination of Prisoners.

Examinations of Witnesses to be taken upon Oath.

Persons giving false Evidence to be deemed guilty of Perjury.

Persons appointed for taking Examinations to report to the Court upon the Conduct or Absence of Witnesses, if necessary.

Authority of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court, or any Judge thereof, in and by the first Rule or Order to be made in the Matter, or any subsequent Rule or Order, to command the Attendance of any Person to be named in such Rule or Order for the Purpose of being examined, or the Production of any Writings or other Documents to be mentioned in such Rule or Order, and to direct the Attendance of any such Person to be at his own Place of Abode, or elsewhere, it necessary or convenient so to do; and the wilful Disobedience of any such Rule or Order shall be deemed a Contempt of Court, and Proceedings may be thereupon had by Attachment (the Judge's Order being made a Rule of Court before or at the Time of the Application for an Attachment), if, in addition to the Service of the Rule or Order, an Appointment of the Time and Place of Attendance in obedience thereto, signed by the Person or Persons appointed to take the Examination, or by One or more of such Persons, shall be also served together with or after the Service of such Rule or Order: Provided always, that every Person whose Attendance shall be so required shall be entitled to the like Conduct Money and Payment for Expences and Loss of Time as upon Attendance at a Trial: Provided also, that no Person shall be compelled to produce, under any such Rule or Order, any Writing or other Document that he would not be compellable to produce at a Trial of the Cause.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Sheriff, Gaoler or other Officer having the Custody of any Prisoner, to take such Prisoner for Examination under the Authority of this Act, by virtue of a Writ of Habeas corpus to be issued for that Purpose, which Writ shall and may be issued by any Court or Judge under such Circumstances and in such Manner as such Court or Judge may now by Law issue the Writ commonly called a Writ of Habeas corpus ad testificandum.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person authorized to take the Examination of Witnesses by any Rule, Order, Writ, or Commission made or issued in pursuance of this Act, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to take all such Examinations upon the Oath of the Witnesses, or Affirmation in Cases where Affirmation is allowed by Law instead of Oath, to be administered by the Person so authorized, or by any Judge of the Court wherein the Action shall be depending; and if upon such Oath or Affirmation any Person making the same shall wilfully and corruptly give any false Evidence, every Person so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Perjury, and shall and may be indicted and prosecuted for such Offence in the County wherein such Evidence shall be given or in the County of Middlesex if the Evidence be given out of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Master, Prothonotary, or any other Persons to be named in any such Rule or Order as aforesaid for taking any Examination in pursuance thereof, and he and they are hereby required, to make, if Need be, a special Report to the Court touching such Examination, and the Conduct or Absence of any Witness or other Person thereon or relating thereto; and the Court is hereby

1° GULIELMI IV.

109

C. 22, 23.

authorized to institute such Proceedings and make such Order and Orders upon such Report as Justice may require, and as may be instituted and made in any Case of Contempt of the Court.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs of every Rule or Order to be made for the Examination of Witnesses under any Commission or otherwise by virtue of this Act, and of the Proceedings thereupon, shall (except in the Case herein-before provided for) be Costs in the Cause, unless otherwise directed either by the Judge making such Rule or Order, or by the Judge before whom the Cause may be tried, or by the Court.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Examination or Deposition to be taken by virtue of this Act shall be read in Evidence at any Trial without the Consent of the Party against whom the same may be offered, unless it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Judge that the Examinant or Deponent is beyond the Jurisdiction of the Court, or dead, or unable from permanent Sickness or other permanent Infirmity to attend the Trial; in all or any of which Cases the Examinations and Depositions certified under the Hand of the Commissioners, Master, Prothonotary, or other Person taking the same, shall and may, without Proof of the Signature to such Certificate, be received and read in Evidence aaving all just Exceptions.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order shall be made in pursuance of this Act by a single Judge of the Court of Pleas of the said County Palatine of Durham, who shall not also be a Judge of one of the said Courts at Westminster.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act For granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty.

[30th March 1831.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray Your Majesty's public Expences, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the Duties herein-after mentioned; And therefore do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Duties imposed on Sugar and Molasses, and the Bounties allowed thereon, by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, certain Duties on Sugar imported into the United Kingdom, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and which were to continue in force until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

Costs of the Order for Examination may be made Costs in the Cause.

Restriction as to the reading of Examinations or Depositions without Consent of the Party.

Proviso as to Judges of Durham.

Duties on Sugar and Molasses imposed by 1 W. 4. c. 50. continued until April 1832.

C. 2S.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Powers of recited Act extended to this Act.

Monies paid into the Exchequer under this Act shall be separate from other Payments.

The Treasury may direct Exchequer Bills to be made out, not exceeding 3,000, (XXV.

48 6.3. C.I.

Powers of 48 6.3. c. 1* extended to this Act.

Exchequer Bills to bear an Interest.

Bank of England may advance Money on the Credit

thirty-one, shall be and the same are hereby farther continued until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Act shall be extended to this Act, and the Duties and Bounties hereby continued, in as full and ample a Manner as if the same had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act, and made Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster One Book of Register, in which all the Money that shall be paid into the said Exchequer from so much of the said Rates and Duties hereby granted on Sugar as shall arise and be payable in Great Britain shall be entered and registered apart and distinct from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to issue and apply the same from Time to Time to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Coin* mons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament; and that so much of the said Duties on Sugar as shall arise and be payable in Ireland shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer there, and shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said. Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, at any Time or Times when they shall think fit so to do, to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, for any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole, including any Sum or Sums of Money issued towards the Aids or Supplies in pursuance of this Act, the Sum of Three Millions, in the same or like Manner, Form, and Order, and according to the same or like Rules and Directions, as are directed and prescribed in and by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Advantages, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities contained in the said recited Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty shall be applied and extended to the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Clauses or Provisoes had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made out in pursuance of this Act shall and may bear an Interest not exceeding the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum upon or in respect of the whole of the Monies respectively contained therein.

VII. And be it declared and enacted That it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. C.SSi

111

Westminster, upon the Credit of the Exchequer Bills authorized by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three Millions; any Thing in an Act made in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King WUUam and Queen Mary> intituled An Act for granting to Their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beery Ale, and other Liquors; and for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the War against France, or in any subsequent Act, to the contrary thereof m any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to cause such Bills as shall be prepared by virtue of this Act to be placed as so much Cash in the respective Offices of the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer; each and every of which Tellers shall be severally charged with a Proportion of the said Bills which shall be so placed in his Office respectively, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Exchequer Bills in the Hands of the said Tellers shall be locked up and secured as Cash according to the Course of the Exchequer at Westminster, and shall be taken and esteemed as so much in part of the Remains in real Money wherewith each of the said Tellers shall from Time to Time stand charged, in common with other the Monies in the said Exchequer, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury to issue and apply the same from Time to Time to such Services as shall then nave been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Exchequer Bills to be made forth by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be and the same are hereby made chargeable and charged upon the Rates, Duties, and Assessments granted by this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Treasury and they are hereby authorized from Time to Time to direct to be issued to the said Paymasters, by way of Imprest and upon Account, such Sums of Money and at such Periods as the said Commissioners shall think necessary for or towards paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills which shall have been made forth by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and for and towards paying the Interest to become due on the said Bills, and for and towards the Charge of exchanging and circulating the same Bills or any of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, or within Ten Days after, the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being

shall

of this Act, notwithstanding 546W.4M. c. 20.

Bills to be placed as Cash in the Exchequer;

and to be issuable thereout in common with other Monies.

Exchequer Bills to be charged on the Duties

granted by this Act.

Account of Exchequer Bills to be taken.

C. 2S, 2*.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Money due on Exchequer Bills to be paid out of the next Aids.

Surplus Monies to be carried to Consolidated Fund.

The Treasury to allow the necessary Charges of making forth new Exchequer Bills;

ip be replaced out of the first Supplies.

Act may be altered this Session.

shall cause a true and perfect Account in Writing to be taken and attested by the proper Officers of the Amount of all Exchequer Bills that shall have been issued by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof shall before that Time have been paid of or discharged, and how much thereof shall then remain undis-charged.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies so remaining unsatisfied or not discharged, with the Interest due or to grow due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall be paid and satisfied out of the next Aid or Aids to be granted in Parliament after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surplus, of the Monies arising from the Rates, Duties, and Assessments granted and imposed by this Act, after paying off and satisfying all the Exchequer Bills issued by virtue of this Act, together with the Interest that may become due thereon, and the Charges of exchanging and circulating the same, shall, as a Surplus of any such Monies respectively shall be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain send Ireland.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three or more of them now being, or the said Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the said Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay and allow, or cause to be paid and allowed, out of the Monies to arise of or from the said Rates and Duties hereby granted, or of or from the said Consolidated Fund, from Time to Time, the necessary Charges of making forth the new Exchequer Bills hereby authorized to be made forth, and such other Charges as shall be necessarily incident in or for the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, in relation to the said Bills; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whatever Monies shall be issued out of the said Consolidated Fund shall from Time to Time be replaced by and out of the first Supplies to be thenafter granted by Parliament; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Sixth Year of His late Majesty, to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad.

[22d April 1831.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of His late 0 G. 4. cl 114. ' xv Majesty's Reign,

[

intituled An Act to regulate the Trade of the British Possessions Abroad, and by subsequent Acts made and passed to alter and amend the said Act, certain Duties of

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 24.

113

Customs are imposed on Articles of Foreign Production when imported or brought into the British Possessions in America:

And whereas it is expedient to repeal some of the said Duties,

and to alter or vary others of them*/ Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, so much of the said Acts as imposes any Duty in any of the British Possessions in America, upon the Importation or bringing in of Corn or Grain unground, or of Meal or Flour not made of Wheat, or of Bread or Biscuit, or of Rice, or of Live Stock, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of any of the said Acts as imposes any Duty in the Provinces of Upper or Lower Canada upon the Importation or bringing in of Wheat Flour, or of Beef, Pork, Hams, or Bacon, or of Wood or Lumber, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of any of the said Acts as imposes any Duty, in Neva Brunswick, Nova Scotia, or Prince Edward?s Island, upon Wood or Lumber, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of any of the said Acts as imposes any Duty, in the British Possessions on the Continent of South America or in the West Indies, or in the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, upon Wheat Flour, or upon Beef, Pork, Hams, or Bacon, or upon Wood or Lumber, when imported from any of the British Possessions in North America, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the Importation from any Foreign Country into the British Possessions on the Continent of South America or in the West Indies, or into the Bahama or Bermuda Islands, of the Articles mentioned in the following Table, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty the several temporary additional Duties as the same are set forth in the said Table; (that is to say,)

Table of Additional Duties.

Staves and Headings, until the First Day of January 1834, - - the 1000

on and from the First of January 1834 to the First Day of January 1836, the 1000 White or Yellow Pine Lumber, until the First Day of January 1834,

the 1000 Feet of One Inch thick on and from the First Day of January 1834 to the First Day of January 1836,

the 1000 Feet of One Inch thick

J£ s. d. 0 11 3 0 7 3

0 7 0

0 5 0

1 Gul.IV.

I

Repeal of Duties upon the Importation of Com, &c. into British Possessions in America;

of Wheat Flour, &c. into Canada;

of Wood or Lumber into Nova Scotia, &c.

and of Wheat Flour, &c. from the British Possessions in North America into the West Indies, &c.

Duties of Importation from any Foreign Country into the West Indies, &c.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. lftSL

Duties to be levied and collected as if imposed by recited Act.

1 G.S. c.l.

22 G.S. c. 82.

25 G.S. c. 61.

27 G.S. c.lS.

S3 as. (I.)

56 G.S. c. 46.

59 G.S. c. 29.

1 G.4. c. 1.

1 A 2 G.4. c. 31.

1 W.4. c. 51.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties imposed by this Act shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto His Majesty in like Manner as if such Duties had been imposed by the said Erst-mentioned Act, and had been set forth in the Table of Duties therein contained.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

[22d April 1831.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Parliament of Great Britain in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain; an Act passed in the Twenty-second

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same firm being in arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List; an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to authorise the Lord Steward of the Household, the Lord Chamberlain, the Master of the Horse, the Master of the Robes, and the Lords of the Treasury respectively, to pay Bounties granted by His Majesty to Persons in low and indigent Circumstances; an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for the Purpose (among other Things) of repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with other Duties composing the Public Revenue; an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Support of the Honour and Dignity of His Majesty's Crown in Ireland, and for granting to His Majesty a Civil List Establishment, under certain Provisions and Regulations; an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Civil List; an Act passed in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the further Regulation of His Majesty's Household, and the Care of His Royal Person during the Continuance of his Indisposition; an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; an Act passed in the Session of Parliament holden in the First and Second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for removing Doubts as to the Continuance of the Hereditary Revenues in Scotland; an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to repeal certain of the

A.D. 181 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 2S. 115

Duties on Cider in the United Kingdom, and on Beer and Ale in Great Britain, and to make other Provisions in relation thereto:

And whereas by the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth it was enacted, that the Produce of all the Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments, and Revenues in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, which during the Life of His late Majesty King George the Third were, by the said recited Acts of His said late Majesty King George the Third, or any or either of the said Acts, at first carried to and made Part of the Aggregate Fund, and which, after the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, were carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain> and all the said Hereditary Revenues in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland which by the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third were carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, and which Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments, and Revenues in England and Ireland respectively at the Time of the Decease of His late Majesty King George the Third made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and all Arrears thereof which had accrued since the Decease of His late Majesty King George the Third, which had not been applied and distributed in the Payment of any Charges thereupon respectively, should, during the Life of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and from and after the Decease of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth should be payable and paid to the King's Majesty, His Heirs and Successors: And whereas the Hereditary Rates, Duties, and Payments aforesaid, and also the Hereditary Rates, Duties, and Payments payable in Scotland, except so far as is provided by the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament with respect to certain Hereditary Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Cider payable in Great Britain, together with the Sums of Three hundred and forty-eight thousand Pounds and Six thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum granted for Your Majesty's Life (whom God long preserve), in lieu of those Hereditary Duties on Beer, Ale, and Cider, now belong and are due and payable to Your most Excellent Majesty: And whereas Your Majesty has been graciously pleased to signify to Your faithful Commons in Parliament assembled, that Your Majesty placed without Reserve at their Disposal Your Majesty's Interest in the Hereditary Revenues, and in those Funds which may be derived from any Droits of the Crown or Admiralty, from the West India Duties, or from any casual Revenues either in Your Majesty's Foreign Possessions or in the United Kingdom; and that in surrendering Your Majesty's Interest in Revenues which had in former Settlements of the Civil List been reserved to the Crown, Your Majesty rejoiced in the Opportunity of evincing Your Majesty's entire Reliance on their dutiful Attachment, and Your Majesty's Confidence

116

C. 25.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Power* of Acte as to the Hereditary Revenues to remain in force.

that they would cheerfully provide all that might be necessary for the Support of the Civil Government, and the Honour and Dignity of Your Majesty's Crown: Your Majesty most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, with Hearts full of the warmest Duty and Gratitude, are desirous that Provision should be made for the Support of the Civil Government by Charges upon the Consolidated Fund, and otherwise by other Acts to be passed in the present Session of Parliament, and that a certain and competent Revenue for defraying the Expences of Your Majesty's Household, and supporting the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom during Your Majesty's Life (which God long preserve), may be settled upon Your Majesty, as a Testimony of our unfeigned Affection to Your sacred Person, by whose happy Succession to the Throne Your Majesty's Subjects have the strongest Assurance that the Religion, Laws, and Liberties of this Realm will be continued, and that Your Majesty's said Subjects, and their Posterity, may, through the Divine Goodness, enjoy every Blessing under Your Majesty's auspicious Reign, have therefore freely resolved to grant unto You, our most Gracious Sovereign Lord King William the Fourth, a certain Revenue payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and that the Produce of the Hereditary Revenues aforesaid, (other than the said Hereditary Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Cider,) and also that the said yearly Sums of Three hundred and forty-eight thousand Pounds, and Six thousand five hundred Pounds, payable to Your Majesty in lieu of the said last-mentioned Duties, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, shall be made Part of the said Consolidated Fund during Your Majesty's Life:9 And we do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts of the Parliaments of Great Britain or Ireland, or of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in force at the Time of the Decease of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, or at the Time of the passing of this Act, as to the said Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments, and Revenues, in any and every Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and the levying and collecting the Payment, or keeping separate Accounts thereof, or computing the Amount of any such Rates, Duties, Payments, or Revenues respectively, shall be and the same are hereby declared and enacted to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be used and applied to all the Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments, and Revenues by this Act carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and for the levying, collecting, paying, or keeping separate Accounts of or computing the Amount of all or any such Rates, Duties, Payments,

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 25.

117

and Revenues, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, and Clauses were severally and separately re-enacted in the Body of and made Part of this Act,

II. And be it further enacted, That the Produce of all the said Hereditary Rates, Duties, Payments, and Revenues in England and Ireland respectively, (other than the Hereditary Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Cider payable in England,) which at the Time of the Decease of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and also the Produce of the several and respective Hereditary Duties and Revenues (other than and except the Hereditary Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, and Cider,) which were payable to His said late Majesty King George the Fourth in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and also the said yearly Sums of Three hundred and forty-eight thousand Pounds and Six thousand five hundred Pounds payable to His present Majesty out of the Revenue of Excise arising in England and Scotland respectively, under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, and also the small Branches of the Hereditary Revenue, and the Produce of the Hereditary casual Revenues arising from any Droits of Admiralty or Droits of the Crown, or from the Duties called the Four and a Half per Centum Duties or West Indian Duties, and from all surplus Revenues of Gibraltar or any other Possession of His Majesty out of the United Kingdom, and from all other casual Revenues arising either in the Foreign Possessions of His Majesty or in the United Kingdom, which have accrued since the Decease of His said late Majesty, and which shall not have been

applied and distributed in the Payment of any Charge thereupon respectively, or which shall accrue during the Life of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve), shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and from and after the Decease of His present Majesty (whom God long preserve) all the said Hereditary Revenues, including the Duties on Beer, Ale, and Cider, shall be payable and paid to His Heirs and Successors.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, there shall be granted to His Majesty during his Life a net yearly Revenue of Five hundred and ten thousand Pounds, and that the said Revenue shall be charged on and made payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall commence from and immediately after the Decease of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, and be paid to His present Majesty during his Life (which God long preserve), with Preference to all other Payments which have heretofore been or which shall or may hereafter be charged upon the same, to be paid quarterly, (that is to say,) on the Thirty-first Day of March, the Thirtieth Day of June, the Thirtieth Day of September, and the Thirty-first Day of December, in each Year, by even and equal Portions, out of the Monies of the said Consolidated Fund, the first Charge for the same to be made in the Consolidated Fund on the Quarter Day next immediately

Certain Hereditary Revenues, and Arrears thereof, from Demise of His late Majesty, to be carried to the Consolidated Fund, during the Life of His present Majesty, and after His Demise all the Hereditary Revenues to he payable to His Heirs and Successors.

The clear yearly Sum of 510,000l. to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

Cr25.

1° GULIELMI IV.

A.D. 181.

So much of the Sums of 200,000l. and 100,000l. granted to make Civil List Payments as shall have been so applied shall be repaid out of the Money granted for the Civil List.

after the passing of this Act, and to include the Properties of the said Revenue which has accrued and become due to His Majesty in the Period between the Day of the Death of His late Majesty and the said Quarter Day; but it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, after the passing of this Act, and previously to the making up of the Consolidated Fund for the Quarter then next ensuing, to direet and cause to be issued and paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the growing Produce of the said Consolidated Fund, such Issues and Payments for Arrears or Charges of the Civil List granted by this Act as may have become due and payable since the Day of the Death of His late Majesty, in part of the Amount to be charged for the same on the Account of the Consolidated Fund for the ensuing Quarter; and the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, shall and they are hereby authorized and required, on and during every succeeding Quarter, to cause the said yearly Revenue to be issued and applied from time to time, daily, weekly, or otherwise, as soon as the 6ame can be satisfied, for the Uses and Purposes by this Act appointed, out of the Monies arisen or to arise as aforesaid, so as by the said daily, weekly, or other Payments One Fourth Part of such yearly Revenue or Sum of Money be not exceeded in, for, or in respect of each Quarter, and so that upon every of the said quarterly Days the whole Amount then due thereupon be computed, made up, or satisfied, according to the true latent and Meaning of this Act.

IV. And whereas the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds was granted in the last Session of Parliament, and also the further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds has been granted by the Commons House of Parliament in the present Session,

to enable His Majesty to satisfy such annual Pensions or other Payments as would have been payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or out of the Civil List, in case the Decease of His late Majesty had not taken place before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one: And whereas the Hereditary Revenues of His Majesty arisen and paid into the Exchequer since the Time of His late Majesty's Decease have, in pursuance of the said recited Acts of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third and the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

been set apart at the Exchequer for the Use of His Majesty, and a Part of the said Sums has been issued and applied in satisfying Payments to which the Civil List Revenues are prooerly applicable; Be it therefore enacted, That out of the first Monies which shall be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund, in respect of the Civil List Revenue granted to His Majesty by this Act, there shall be repaid to or retained in the Exchequer, towards completing the Aids granted or to be granted by Parliament for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, a Sum equal to so much of the said Sums of Two hundred thousand Pounds and One hundred thousand Pounds as

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 25. 119

shall have been or shall be advanced and applied in satisfying such Annuities, Pensions, or other Payments for which Provision shall be made in the Civil List under this Act, and which after the passing of this Act become properly charged or chargeable upon the Civil List Revenues; and there shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund a Sum equal to so much of the Hereditary Revenues set apart at the Exchequer on the Fifth Day of July and Tenth Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, and Fifth Day of January and Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, as may have been or may be issued or applied out of those Revenues for satisfying such Annuities, Pensions, or other Payments for which Provision shall be made in the Civil List under this Act, or which will after the passing of this Act become properly charged or chargeable upon the Civil List Revenue; and the Remainder of the said Hereditary Revenues which may not have been issued or paid in satisfaction of any such Charges, or of any other Charges thereon, shall go alnd be carried to the said Consolidated Fund immediately after the passing of this Act.

V. And whereas Doubts may be entertained whether the Provisions of the Acts relating to the Civil List Revenues have expired with the Civil List Revenue of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, by the Decease of His late Majesty/ Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, Clauses, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, which were applicable and m force as to the Civil List Revenue at the Time of the Decease of His said late Majesty, shall, so far as the same are not altered, varied, or repealed by this Act, be and remain and continue, and are hereby declared to be, m full Force and Effect as to the Civil List Revenue granted by this Act, and shall be used and applied, so far as the same are applicable, in relatiop to the issuing, paying, receiving, Distribution, Care, Management, Regulation, and accounting for the Civil List Revenue granted by this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were severally, separately, and respectively repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, and made Part thereof

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Twentysecond Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third it was enacted, that the Commissioners of the Treasury shaft draw out a Plan for the Establishments and Payments of the Civil List Revenues in Classes, according to the Order

mentioned in the said Act, and that all Sums of Money which should become due and payable out of the said Civil List Revenues for any of the Purposes mentioned in the said Act should be paid in the Order and according to the Plan therein mentioned, and it is expedient to alter the said Classes so as to confine the same to the Expences of His Majesty's Household and the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, and to specify the Amount to be appropriated to each Class, and for this Purpose an Estimate has been laid before Parliament of the future Amount of Charges on the several Classes so altered, which Amount for each Class respectively is specified in the Schedule to this Act Be it therefore further* enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Provisions of all former Civil List Acte to remain in force foe the Purposes of this Act, except as hereby altered *

Mode of appropriating tha Monies issued.

120

C. 25.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Treasury may direct Savings in any Class to be applied at the End of the Year in aid of other Classes.

Certain Allowances and Payments not hereafter to be charged upon the Civil List.

Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required, at the Commencement of every Quarter, or within a Period not exceeding Thirty Days from the Commencement of each Quarter, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct what Sums shall respectively be set apart and appropriated in the i Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, out of the quarterly Reve- I nues of the Civil List, for the Purpose of defraying the several Charges upon the respective Classes thereof, but so as that the Sum to be appropriated to any one Class do not exceed One Fourth Part of the estimated annual Amount of that Class, as specified in the Schedule to this Act, together with any Saving which may have accrued upon the said Class in the preceding Quarter; and the several and respective Sums in the said Warrant directed to be set apart and appropriated shall be so set apart by the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and be I appropriated to the respective Classes accordingly; and each and every Sum so set apart and appropriated shall in the first place be applied in Payment of all the unsatisfied Charges of every Description of the Class in respect of which such Appropriation shall have been made, in preference to any other Charges whatever upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenues; and no Part thereof shall on any account whatever be applied, until after the Termination of the Year, for any other Purpose or in aid of any other of the Classes of the Civil List, or of any other of the Charges thereon; any Thing contained in the said recited Act of the Twenty-second Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Saving or Surplus shall arise in any Quarter in respect of any Money appropriated for defraying the Charges of any particular Class, so as that the Sum appropriated thereto shall be more than sufficient for the full and complete Payment of the Charges thereon, such quarterly Saving or Surplus shall in every such Case be carried forward in the Exchequer to the Account and Credit and be applied for the Purposes of the Class in which it shall have arisen until the Thirty-first Day of December in every Year; and in case and whenever any such Saving or Surplus remaining at the End of the Year shall have arisen in any of the Classes of the Civil List, then it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to direct the same to be applied in-aid of the Charges or Expences of any other Class (except the Fifth Class), or of any Charge or Charges upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, in such Manner as may under the Circumstances appear to be most expedient; Provided always, that the Charge upon the Fifth Class shall in no Case exceed the Sum set apart and limited for that Class in the Schedule to this Act annexed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Allowances or Salaries specified in the Second, Third, Seventh, and Eighth Classes contained in the Schedule to the said recited Act of the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, nor any Payments other than such as are

C. 25.

121

specified in the Schedule to this Act annexed, shall hereafter be chargeable or charged upon His Majesty's Civil List Revenues, or upon any of the Funds granted by this Act.

IX. And whereas under and by virtue of an Act of the

Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling His said late Majesty to settle Annuities on several Members of His Royal Family, and of an Act of the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, for enabling His said Majesty to settle Annuities upon certain Branches of the Royal Family, an Annuity of Fifteen thousand Pounds had become payable to His present Majesty (being Prince William Henru> afterwards Duke of Clarence,) for the Term of his natural Life; and under and by virtue of an Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling His Majesty to settle Annuities on several Branches of the Royal Family (as amended by an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty), one other Annuity of Six thousand

Pounds was made payable to His present Majesty (then Duke of Clarence) for the Term of His natural Life; and under and by virtue of the said Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, one other annuity of Two thousand five hundred Pounds was made payable to His present Majesty (then Duke of Clarence) for the Term of His natural Life: And whereas His present Majesty has been graciously pleased to declare His Royal Pleasure that the said several Annuities of Fifteen thousand Pounds, Six thousand Pounds, and Two thousand five hundred Pounds should cease and determine Be it therefore enacted, That the said several Annuities'shall cease and determine, and the said Annuities shall be no longer charged or chargeable on or paid or payable on or out of the Consolidated Fund, or on or out of any other Fund whatever; any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that if any Payment on account thereof shall have been made for any Period since the Day of the Decease of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, the Amount thereof shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund out of the Money to be set apart in the Exchequer for the First Class of the Civil List under the Authority of this Act.

X. And whereas under and by virtue of an Act passed in the First and Second + Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to make Jxirther Provision for Their Royal Highnesses the Duke and Duchess of Clarence, an Annuity of Six thousand Pounds was made payable to Her present Majesty the Queen (then Duchess of Clarence) for the Term of Her natural Life, charged upon the

Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom: And whereas His present Majesty, and Her Majesty the Queen, have been graciously pleased to declare Their Royal Pleasure that the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds should cease and determine; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Annuity of Six thousand Pounds shall cease and determine, and the said Annuity shall be no longer charged or chargeable on or paid or payable out of the

Annuities payable to His present Majesty for Life under certain Acts shall cease.

Proviso as to any Payments made since the Decease of King George IV.

Annuity payable to Her present Majesty for Life to cease.

f&c.

C. 25i

P GULIELMI IV. A.D. 181.

Annuities to the Royal Dukes under 18 G.S. c. 3l. charged on the Consolidated Fund by 1 G.4. c. 108., recharged on the Consolidated Fund during Their Royal Highnesses Lives.

This Act not to affect certain Powers relating to the small Branches of Hereditary Revenue.

said Consolidated Fund, or on or out of any other Fund whatever; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that if any Payment on account thereof shall have been made for any Period since the Day of the Decease of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, the Amount thereof shall be repaid to the Consolidated Fund out of the Monies to be set apart in the Exchequer for the Fint Class of the Civil List under the Authority of this Act.

XI. And whereas certain Annuities of Fifteen thousand Pounds each to Their Royal Highnesses the Duke of Cumberland, the Duke of Sussex, and the Duke of Cambridge, were, during the Life of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, payable out of the Consolidated Fund to Their said Royal Highnesses, being Part of Annuities to the Amount of Sixty thousand Pounds charged upon the Hereditary Revenues by the said Act made in the Eighteenth Year of His said late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling His said Majesty to settle several Annuities on several Members of His Royal Rinrily, and which by the said Act made in the First Year of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth, enabling His said Majesty to settle Annuities upon certain Branches of the Royal Family, were made payable oat of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom during the Life of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth; and by the Decease of His said late Majesty King George the Fourth the said Annuities have become payable out of the Hereditary Revenue, and it is expedient to transfer the same again to the Consolidated Fund Be it therefore enacted, That the said several Annuities of Fifteen thousand Pounds each to Their said Royal Highnesses the Dukes of Cumberland, Sussex, and Cambridge, shall be and the same are hereby transferred to and shall be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, during the Lives of Their Royal Highnesses.

XII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in anywise to impair, affect, or prejudice any Rights or Powers of Control, Management, or Direction which have been or may be exercised by Authority of the Crown, or other lawful Warrant, relative to any Leases, Grants, or Assurances of any of the said small Branches of His Majesty's Hereditary Revenues, or to any Suits or Proceedings for Recovery of the same, or to Compositions made or to be made on account of any of the small Branches, or to any Remission, Mitigation, or Pardon of anjHPenalties or Forfeitures incurred or to be incurred, or to Pines taken or to be taken, and to Rents, Boons, and Services reserved or to be reserved upon such Grants, Leases, and Assurances, or to the Mitigation or Remission of the same, or to any other lawful Act, Matter, or Thing which has been or may be done touching the said Branches, or to the granting of any Droits of Admiralty or any Droits of the Crown, or any Part or Proportion of any such Droits respectively, as a Reward or Remuneration to any Officer or Officers or other Person or Persons seizing or taking the same, or giving any Information relating thereto, or to the granting,

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 25.

IBS

disposing of, or leaving any Freehold or Copyhold Property, or the Produce or any Part of the Produce or Amount or Value of any Freehold or Copyhold to which His Majesty or any of His Royal Predecessors have or hath or shall become entitled, either by Escheat for Want of Heirs, or by reason of any Forfeiture, or by reason that the same have been or shall be purchased by or for the Use of or in Trust for any Alien or Aliens in the Manner authorized by any Act or Acts of Parliament touching or concerning the granting, disposing, or leasing of the same, or to the granting or distributing of any Personal Property devolved to the Crown by reason of the Want of Next of Kin or personal Representative of any deceased Person, but that the same Rights and Powers shall continue to be used, exercised, and enjoyed in as full, free, ample, and effectual a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, and as the same have been or might have been enjoyed by His said late Majesty King George the Fourth at the Time of His Decease; subject nevertheless to all such Restrictions and Regulations as were in force by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in relation thereto at the Time of the Decease of His said late Majesty; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act that the said Rights and Powers shall not in any Degree be abridged, restrained, affected, or prejudiced in any Manner whatsoever, but only that the Monies accruing to the Crown, after the full and free Exercise and Enjoyment of the said Rights and Powers, subject as aforesaid, shall during His Majesty's Life be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom: Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Grants, Gifts of Mortification, Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Claims, and Demands whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the Revenues, Hereditaments, and others, belonging to His late Majesty King George Fourth, in Scotland, as they or any of them had or ought to have had at the making of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Total Charge upon the Civil List from the Thirty-first Day of December in any one Year to the Thirty-first Day of December in the succeeding Year, in Great Britain and Ireland, shall amount to more than the Sum of Five hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, an Account, stating the Particulars of such Exceeding, and the Cause thereof, shall be submitted to Parliament within Thirty Days after the same shall have been ascertained, if Parliament shall be then sitting, but if Parliament shall not be then sitting, then the said Account shall be presented within Thirty Days after the next Meeting of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Payments out of the Civil List shall be paid net and clear of all Taxes or Charges for or in respect of any Land Tax, or of the Duties of One Shilling and Sixpence respectively, and clear of all Fees and other Deductions heretofore charged upon and deducted from such Payments.

Id case of Exceeding *, Particular* to be laid before Parliament

Payments of Civil List to be free of Land Tax, &c.

124

Providing for Issue to Marquis Camden under 59 G.8. c. 43. w

Act may be altered this Session.

XV. And whereas it is expedient to make further Provision for carrying into Effect an Act made in the Fifty-ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to authorize the Receipt and Appropriation of certain Sums voluntarily contributed by the Most Noble John Jeffreys J 4 Marquis Camden in aid of the Public Service; Be it therefore I enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall be I lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, to direct the Payment to the said Marquis Camden, out of the Consolidated Fund, of such Amount or Sum of Money, quarterly and every Quarter, as shall be equal to the Amount of Fees due to the said Marquis Camden on the quarterly Issues made on account of the Civil List.

XVI. And be it enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered, or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

SCHEDULE.

First Class. For their Majesty's Privy Purse Second Class. Salaries of His Majesty's Household £ 110,000 j. O d. 0

130, 300 0 0

Third Class. Expences of His Majesty's Household 171, 500 0 0

Fourth Class. Special and Secret Service 23, 200 0 0

Fifth Class. Pensions - 75,000 0 0

£ 510,000 0 0

CAP. XXVI.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes respectively until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two; and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[22d April 1831.]

WHEREAS divers Persons, who, on account of their Offices, Places, Employments, or Professions, or any other Cause or Occasion, ought to have taken and subscribed the Oaths or Assurance respectively appointed to be by such Persons taken and subscribed in and by an Act made in the First Year of the

A.D. 1831. 1° GULIELMI IV. C. 26. 125

Reign of His late Majesty King George the First of glorious Memory, intituled An Act for the further Security of His Majestys* Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heirs of the late Princess Sophia, being Protestants; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and Secret Abettors; or to have qualified themselves

according to an Act made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign

of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the well* governing and regulating of Corporations; or to have qualified themselves according to another Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing the Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants; or according to another Act made in the Thirtieth

Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preserving the Kings Person and Government, by disabling Papists from sitting m either House of Parliament; or according to another Act made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for granting the People called Quakers such Forms of Affirmation or Declaration as may remove the Difficulties which many of them lie under; or according to another Act

made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to qualify themselvesfor Offices within the Time limited by Law, and for allowing further Time for that Purpose; and for amending so much of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires Persons to qua-

lify themselves for Offices before the End of the next Term or Quarter Sessions; and also for enlarging the Time limited by Law for making and subscribing the Declaration against Transubstantiation; and for allowing a further Time for Enrolment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists; and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, Devisees, and Lessees; or according to another Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further Qualification of Justices of the Peace;" or according to another Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for altering the Oath of Abjuration, and the Assurance; and for amending so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled " An Act for the Improvement of the Union of the Two 4 Kingdomsf as after the Time therein limited requires the Dc- 4 livery of certain Lists and Copies therein mentioned to Persons indicted of High Treason or Misprision of Treason; or accordring to another Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for V repealing so much of several Acts as imposes the Necessity of re* 4 ceiving the Sacrament of the Lords Supper as a Qualification for certain Offices and Employments; or according to another Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Relief of His Majesty's Roman Catholic Subjects, so far only as the said Act relates to any

1 G.l. st.2. c. 13.

IS C. 2. st2. c. I *

25 C. 2. st.2. c. 2.

30 C. 2. sL2.

8 G.l. c. 6 *

9 G.2. c. 2G.

18 G.2. c. 20.

6 G.3. c. 53.

9 G.4. c. 17.

10 G.4. c. 7.

196

a 26.

1° GULIELMI rv.

A.D. 1051.

Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves as required by the recited Acts indemnified and allowed further Time.

Civil or Military Offices or Places of Trust, or Placed of Profit or Corporate Offices; have, through Ignorance of the Law, Absence, or some unavoidable Accident, omitted to take and sub *

scribe the Oaths and Assurance and make and subscribe the 1 Declaration required by the said recited Acts or either of them. or otherwise to qualify themselves as aforesaid, within such

Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts respectively is required, whereby they have incurred, or may be in

danger of incurring, divers Penalties and Disabilities:* For quieting the Minds of His Majesty's Subjects, and for preventing any Inconvenience that might otherwise happen by means of such Omissions; be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Mfefestj, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Piersons who, at or before the passing of this Act, hath or shall have omitted to take and subscribe the Oaths and Declarations, or otherwise to qualify him, her, or themselves within such Time and in such Manner as in and by the said Acts, or any of them, is required; and who, after accepting any such Office, Place, or Employment, or undertaking any Profession or Thing on account of which such Qualification ought to have been had and is required, before the passing of this Act hath or have taken and subscribed the said Oaths, or made the Declarations required by Law, or who, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, shall take and subscribe the Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance respectively, in such Cases wherein by the said several Acts or any or either of them the said Oaths, Declarations, and Assurance ought to have been taken and subscribed, in such Manner and Form, and at or in such Place or Places, as are appointed in and by the said several Acts or any or either of them, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of any Neglect or Omission, previous to the passing of this Act, of taking or subscribing the said Oaths or Assurance, or making or subscribing the said Declarations respectively, or taking or subscribing the said Oath, according to the above-mentioned Acts or any of them, or any other Act or Acts; and such Person or Persons is and are and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition as he, she, or they were in before such Neglect or Omission, and shall be deemed and adjudged to have duly qualified him, her, or themselves according to the above-mentioned Acts and every of them; and that all Elections of, and Acts done or to be done by any such Person or Persons, or by Authority derived from him, her, or them, are and shall be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been if such Person or Persons respectively had taken the said Oaths or Assurance, and made and subscribed the aid Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath, according to the Directions of the said Acts and every or any of them; and that the Qualification of such Person or Persons qualifying themselves in manner and within the Time appointed by this Act shall be to all Intents and Purposes as effectual as if

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV.

G.

1ST

such Person jor Persons had respectively taken the said Oaths

and Assurance, and made and subscribed the said Declarations respectively, and taken and subscribed the said Oath within the Time and in the Manner appointed by the several Acts before mentioned.

II. And whereas several Persons well affected to His Majesty's Government, and to the United Church of England and

Ireland, have, through Ignorance of the Law, neglected, or been, by Sickness or other unavoidable Causes, prevented from taking and subscribing the Declaration according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Second Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act to prevent the further Growth of Popery; Be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons who have incurred any Penalty or Incapacity in the said recited Act mentioned, by neglecting to qualify themselves according to the said Act, shall be and are hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Penalties, and Forfeitures incurred by reason of such Omission or Neglect as aforesaid; and that no Act done by any of them, not yet avoided, shall be questioned or avoided by reason «>f such Omission or Neglect, but that all such:Acts shall be and are hereby declared to be as good and effectual as if such Persons respectively had taken and subscribed the said Oath, and made and repeated and subscribed the said Declaration, at such Time and Place and Manner as in the said Act is mentioned; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Person or Persons do and shall take and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration, in such Manner and Form, and in such Place or Places respectively as are directed and appointed by the said last-recited Act, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been given in any Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, for any Penalty incurred by having neglected to qualify himself within the Time limited by Law.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing contained in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to exempt any Justice of the Peace within Great Britain from the Penalties to which he is subject for acting as such without being possessed of the Qualification required by the Laws now in force.

V. And whereas the Appointment of divers Clerks of the Peace, Town Clerks, and other Public Officers, and the Admission of divers Members and Officers of Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns in Great Britain and Ireland, or the Entries of such Admissions in the Court Books, Rolls, or Records of such 1 Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, which by several

Acts are directed and required to be stamped, may not have been provided or the same not stamped, or may have been lost or mislaid; Be it further enacted, That for the Relief of such Persons whose Appointments and Admissions, or the Entries of

whose

Indemnity to those who bar*' omitted to make and subscribe the Oaths, &c. required by the Irish Act of a Anne.

Not to indemnify Persons against whom final Judgment is given.

Not to exempt Justices acting, without legal Qualification.

Admissions to Corporations may be stamped after Time allowed by Law.

0.26.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

t Sic.

Indemnity to Persons who have paid the Duties on Indentures to serve as Clerks to Attornies, &c. but have neglected to cause Affidavits thereof to be made.

whose Admissions as aforesaid, may + have been provided, or not duly stamped, or where the same have been lost or mislaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Persons in Great Britain or Ireland, on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, to provide or cause to be provided Appointments and Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped; or in case where such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, have been made or provided, but have not been duly stamped, to produce such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, to the Commissioners appointed to inspect and manage the Revenues of the Stamp Duties, to be duly stamped; which such Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered and required to duly stamp, on Payment of Double the Amount of the Duties first payable, or to have been paid on such Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, without any other Fine or Forfeiture thereon; and in order to denote the said Duties, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for that Purpose, and to do all other Things necessary for putting this Act in execution, in the like and in as full and ample Manner as they or the major Part of them are authorized to put in execution any former Law concerning Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and such Persons so providing Appointments, Admissions, or Entries of Admissions as aforesaid, duly stamped, or procuring the same to be duly stamped, in manner aforesaid, are and shall be hereby confirmed and qualified to act as Clerk of the Peace, Town Clerk, or other Public Officer, or Member or Members, Officer or Officers of such Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns respectively, to all Intents and Purposes; and shall and may hold and enjoy and execute such Offices, or any other Office or Offices into which he or they hath or have been elected, notwithstanding his or their Omission, or the Omission of any of their Predecessors, in such Cities, Corporations, or Borough Towns as aforesaid; and shall be indemnified and discharged of and from all Incapacities, Disabilities, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Damages by reason of any such Omission; and none of his or their Acts shall be questioned or avoided by reason of the same.

VI. And whereas many Persons who may have paid the

proper Stamp Duties, either before or within Six Months after

the Execution of the Contracts in Writing entered into by them to serve as Clerks to Attornies or Solicitors, Scriveners, or i Notaries Public in Great Britain, have omitted to cause Affidavits

to be made, and afterwards to be filed in the proper Office, of

the actual Execution of such Contracts, and have also omitted 1 to cause such Contracts and the Indentures thereof to be en-

rolled within the Time in which the same ought to have been

done; and many Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries Public, and

others, have omitted to take out Annual Certificates, or to enter

the same in the proper Office, and many Infants and others may

thereby incur certain Disabilities:' For preventing thereof, and relieving such Persons, be it enacted, That every Person who

A.D. 1831.

1° GULIELMI IV. C. 26.

129

hall, either before or within Six Months after the Execution of such Contract or Indenture, have paid the proper Stamp Duty in that Behalf, and who at the passing of this Act shall have neglected or omitted to cause any such Affidavit or Affidavits as aforesaid to be made and filed, or such Contract or Indenture to be enrolled, and who on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, shall cause such Contract or Indenture to be enrolled with the proper Officer in that Behalf, and One or more Affidavit or Affidavits to be made, and afterwards to be filed in such Manner as the same ought to have been made and filed, in due Time, shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed, and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities in or by any Act or Acts of Parliament mentioned, and incurred or to be incurred for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission; and every such Affidavit and Affidavits so to be made, and which shall be duly filed on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and thirty-two, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been made and filed within the respective Times the same ought, by the Laws now in being for that Purpose, to have been made and filed; and that the respective Officer or Officers who ought to receive, file, enter, or register such Contract or Indenture, or Affidavit or Affidavits, shall not refuse to receive, file, enter, or register the same, by reason that the Attorney, Solicitor, or Notary Public, to whom such Infant or other Person shall have been articled or have contracted to serve, shall have neglected to take out his Annual Certificate, or to register the same, but such Officer or Officers are hereby directed and empowered to receive, file, enter, or register the same, notwithstanding such Omission; and that every Person who shall have regularly served any Attorney or Attornies, Solicitor or Solicitors, Notary Public or Notaries Public, for the Term of Years required by Law, shall not be prevented or disqualified from being admitted an Attorney, Solicitor, or Notary Public, by reason of any Omission of the Person or Persons to whom he served for the same Term, or for any Part thereof, having so neglected to take out his Annual Certificate, or to register the same; provided that such Person is otherwise entitled to be created and admitted to such Office by the Laws now in force relating thereto.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend or be construed to extend to restore or entitle any Person or Persons to any Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, already actually avoided by Judgment of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or already legally filled up and enjoyed by any other Person; but that such Office or Employment, Benefice, Matter, or Thing so avoided, or legally filled up and enjoyed, shall be and remain in and to the Person or Persons who is or are now or shall at the passing of this Act be legally entitled to the same, as if this Act had never been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit, Bill of Indictment, or Information shall from and after the passing of this Act be brought, carried on, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons hereby meant or intended to be indemnified,

Neglect of At-lomies, & c. in taking out their Annual Certificates not to disqualify the Persons who have served them.

Not to restore Persons to any Office avoided by Judgment.

General Issue.

130

C. 26, 27.

1° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

recapacitated, or restored, for or on account of any Forfeiture, Penalty, Incapacity, or Disability whatsoever, incurred or to be incurred by any such Neglect or Omission, such Person or Persons may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for enabling His Majesty's Postmaster General to sell the Premises lately used as the Post Office in Lombard Street, Abchurch Lane, and Sherborne Lane, in the City of London.

[22d April 1831.]

The Premises forming the old Post Office vested in the Post-M* master General for the Time being for the Purpose of Sale, §1. Sale of certain Ground by J. Jennings to Lord Carteret confirmed, §2. Indenture of Lease by the Postmaster General to Messrs. Robarts and Co, 5th Dec. 1799, confirmed. The Reversion expectant on the Determination of the same, as also the reserved Rent, vested in the Postmaster General, §3. Postmaster General, with the Consent of the Treasury, authorized to sell the Premises forming the old Post Office, with the 4t Reversion, &c. §4. For removing Doubts as to the Power of letting certain Premises demised to the Postmaster General by the Lease of 10th July 1765, §5. Postmaster General may sell the Premises comprised in the Leases of 10th July 1765, 15th Dec. 1794, and 5th Dec. 1799, §6. Tenure of the renewed Lease of the Premises demised by Mr. Todd, §7 .;* and of certain Messuages in Sherborne Lane, §8. Postmaster General, with Consent of the Treasury, may dispose of the Premises comprised in the Indentures of 18th Dec. 1828, with the Buildings to be erected thereon, and the Ground Rent and Reversions expectant on the same, §9. Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to exchange, §10. Bodies Politic to execute Conveyances of exchanged Premises, §11. Postmaster General, with Consent, may demise the Lands contained in the In denture* of 18th December 1828 on Building Leases, §12.

---

Leases to contain certain Covenants, §13. Postmaster may appropriate certain Lands, &c. near to Aldersgate Street for the widening and Improvement thereof, §14. Postmaster General for the Time being invested with Powers of Sale, &c. §15. Monies arising by Sales to be paid into the Bank, §16. Rents, Fines, &c. to be paid to the Receiver General of the Post Office until Sale of the Premises, §17. Reservation of Rights of Way, &c. §18. Declaring the Validity of all Deeds made and enrolled under the Authority of this Act, §19. Security to Purchasers, §20. Deeds to be enrolled within Six Months, §21. Memorandum of Enrolment to be good Evidence, §22. Remedy for Delay of Enrolment, §23. Act may be altered this Session, §24.

[Local and personal acts to separate file.]

