1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. j. ii.

433

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are temporary will be blown (where it is not expressly staled) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title,

(a) For 21 Years, fyc, [i. e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, fyc, after the End\ of the Term under former Acts,

(d) For 31 Years, fyc, [i. e. to the End of the next Session] from a Day named in the Act

(e) For 31 Years, , fyc. c. from the passing of the Act

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is an- t nexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken " notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Pier and other Works for the more conveniently landing and embarking Passengers in the Port of the Town of Southampton.

[30th July 1831.]

[43 G. 3. c xxi. and 50 G. 3. c. clxviii. recited, §1. No Duty to be charged for any Soldier or Sailor or other Person employed in His Majesty's Service, or in the Service of the Admiralty, Navy Board, or Ordnance, or of the Customs, Excise, or Post Office, nor their Horses, Arms, or Ammunition, nor for Goods the Property of the Crown, or which may have been seized under the Laws of Customs or Excise, nor any Articles landed or embarked for the Public Service, §25.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Bridge over the River Lagan at Belfast, and for making suitable Approaches thereto.

[30th July 1831.]

[The Royal Family, Horses guarding or conveying Mails or Post Office Expresses, Soldiers on March or Duty, their Arms and G g 3 Baggage,

C.ii. — ix.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Baggage, Public Stores, Vagrants sent by legal Passes, Prisoners under legal Warrants, Volunteers on March or Duty. or in going to or returning from Exercise, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry in going to or returning from Exercise, exempted from Tolls, $ 73, 74. Saving the Rights of the Marquis of Donegal, Arthur Chichester Esquire, the Sovereign and Burgesses or die Commissioners and Committee of the Police of Belfast, §99.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for the Establishment of a Chapel of Ease, to be called Grosvenor Chapel, in the Parish of Saint George Hanover Square in the County of Middlesex, and for providing for the Maintenance of the said Chapel, and a Stipend for the Minister thereof.

[30th July 1831.]

[Saving the Rights of the Rector of St. George Hanover Square,

§ 27 .; and of the Bishop of London, § 28 .; and of Sir Richard Grosvenor's Heirs, §29. General Saving, § SO.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for settling disputed Rights respecting Tithes within the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for fixing certain annual Payments in lieu thereof.

[SOthyuly 1831.]

Cap. v.

An Act for better raising and securing the Fund established for making Provision for the Widows or the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

[30th July 1831.]

[43 G. 3. c. cvii. and 58 G. 3. c. lxxiv. repealed in part, §1.]

Cap. vi.

An Act to amend an Act for vesting and securing to John Stephen Langton Esquire certain Profits and Emoluments for a limited Time.

[30th July 1831.]

Cap. vii.

An Act to enable the Yorkshire Fire and Life Insurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or or any One of the Directors of the said Company.

[30th July 1831.]

Cap. viii.

An Act to amend certain Acts passed in the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for opening a Street from the Cross of Glasgow to Monteith Row.

[30th July 1831.]

[Powers of 5 G. 4. c. lxix. and 7 G. 4. c. lxv. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. ix.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for regulating the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the

Barony

455

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. Cix. — xiv.

Barony of Gorbals in the City of Glasgow and County of Lanark.

[30th July 1831.]

£12 G. 3. c. 82. 47 G. 3. c.xlv. recited, and 6 (2.4. c. cxl. re-

peaUd in part, §1.]

Cap. x.

An Act to amend and extend the Powers of an Act for recovering, draining, and preserving certain Lands, and for better supplying with Water the Mills, Manufactories, and other Works situated on the Riven Leven in the Counties of Kinross and Fife.

[30th July 1831.]

[.Powers qf7SfSG.4f. c. cv. extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xi.

An Act to amend and enlarge the several Acts reluting to the Bolton and Leigh Railway.

[30th July 1831.]

{Powers of 6 G. 4. c.xviii. and 9(2.4. c. viii. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xii.

An Act to alter the Line of the Avon and Gloucester Railway, to make certain Branches from the same, and to amend the Act for making the said Railway.

[30th July 1831.]

{Powers of 9 G. 4. c. xciv. (except as hereby repealed) extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road (with a Branch therefrom) from the Angel Inn, near Darlington in the County of Durham, to Barton Lane End in the County of York, (d)

[30th July 1831.]

{Powers of 5 G. 4. c. 69. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1. No Exemptions allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more than One Quarter of an Inch, §15. No Toll to be paid on repassing, except with a different Carriage, or fresh Loading of Two hundred and forty Pounds, and passing Three Miles on die Road, $16. No more than One full Toll to be taken for passing and repassing through all the Gates on the Roads, §19. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, &c. §23.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Norwich to Cromer in the County of Norfolk, and Two Branches of Road leading towards Holt and toward? Wolterton in the said County, (rf) [30th July 1831.]

[34 G. 3. c. 114. and 51 G. 3. c. xxvii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on same thy, except with adifferent Carriage, §9. No Money to be laid out in Repair of Streets in Norwich or Cromer, §17.]

* 56

Cxv. xvi.

i 3t 2* GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Cap. xv.

An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the West Riding of the County of York. (rf) [30th July 1831.]

[14 G. 2. c. 28. 6 <7. 3. c. 62. 28 <7. 3. c. 106. 35 G. 3. c. 158. and 50 (7. 3. c. viii. repealed, so far as they relate to the Food leading from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to Tadcaster Cross, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates, §9. One full Toll only to be taken between Doncaster and the Bar at or near the Junction with the Leeds and Bamsdale Food; nor more than Ttoo full Tolls between the said Point of Junction and the Fox Inn at Brotherton, at the present Point of Junction with the Ferrybridge and Boroughbridge Food; nor more than One full Toll between the last-named Point and Tadcaster, §10. One Third Part of the Tolls collected at Ferrybridge to be applied for repairing Boroughbridge Food during Existence of Boroughbridge Act, §17. After the Expiration of 1 (7.4. c. i. no more than One full Toll shall be taken between Doncaster and the Bar at or near the present Point of Junction xdth the Leeds and Bamsdale Food, nor more than One full Toll and a Half between the said Point of Junction and the Fox Inn at Brotherton; nor more than One full Toll and a Half between the said Fox Inn and Tadcaster Cross, §18. Trustees not to expend Money in Repair of Streets, fa. in Doncaster, §19.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading into and from the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, and for making new Branches of Roads to communicate therewith. (d) [30th July 1831.]

[5 G. 4. c. c. repealed, §1. Waggons, fa. xoith Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half and under Nine Inches, not bearing Five Parts in Six of their Breadth on a level Surface, to pay Toll as having Wheels of less Breadth than Four Inches and a Half; and Waggons, fa. impelled by Steam, Gas, or Mechanism, shall be charged with a Toll more in Amount by One Third than the Toll to be taken for such last-mentioned Waggons, §7. Additional Tolls to be paid in the Winter Months for Carriages laden xoith Timber, Boards, Planks, Scantlings, Iron, Bricks, Tiles, Sand, Stone, Graml, Marl, and Fuel, §8. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. Waggons, fa. to pay again on passing a Third Time, and for every alternate Time afterwards, §13. Water Carts to be exempt from Tolls, §14. Penalty of £5 a Day for erecting or continuing Brick Kilns, fa. id thin 100 Yards from the Turnpike Foods, §16. Penalty of 40s. for exercising Three Horses abreast on, or hanging Linen xmthin Fifteen Feet of the Food, §17. No more than Three frU Tolls to be taken (except at the Gate at the Bottom of Dowdeswdl Hill) for passing on the same Day throughout the several Lines of Roads, §19. Trustees not to expend Money in Repair of Streets, fa. in Cheltenham, §26.]

A.TJ.1831.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. xvii. — xix.

457

Cap. xvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Thomset in the County of Derby to Furnace Colliery within Disley in the County of Chester, and Two several Branches therefrom, (e)

I30th July 1831.]

[Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on same Day, except when repassing laden unth Five Hundred Weight or upwards9 § 13. Tolls payable again after passing and repassing,

§ 14. Persons carrying Milk to pay Toll but once a Day, §17. Timber Carriages which cannot be weighed to pay Double Tolls, §18. No Money to be laid out in repairing Streets, &c. § 19.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads therein mentioned, leading to, through, and from the Town of Monmouth, and for making several new Lines and Diversions of Road to communicate therewith, in the Counties of Monmouth, Gloucester, and Hereford, (d) [30th July 1831.]

[28 G. 2. c. 31. 17 G. 3. c. 96. 33 G. 3. c. 169. 50 G. 3. c. xcvii. and 58 G. 3. c. lxxix. repealed, §1. No Money to be laid out in Repair of Streets except in making new Line of Hoad into Monmouth, §6. One full Toll only to be taken on same Day for once passing and repassing through all the Gates between the Extremity mof the Town of Monmouth and High Meadow Paddock, and between Wye Bridge and Hadnock, and between the Extremity of Monmouth and Ganyrew; and Two full Tolls only between the Extremity of Monmouth and Llanllowdy, and between the Extremity of Monmouth and Landilo Cressenney; and One full Toll only between Rockfield and Traveller's Seat and Crossway; and Two full Tolls only between the Extremity of Monmouth and Tre-gare. and between the Extremity of Monmouth and Raglan (by Trothey Bridge); and One full Toll only between Crcft-y-Lloy and Dingestow, and between the Stone Bridge and the Four Ashes, and between the Extremity of Monmouth and Trelleck; and One full Toll only upon each of the intended Three new Lines of Road from the Coed Wharf in the Parish of Dixton to Smiths Lane in the Parish of Staunton, from Dingestow Church to the Onen, and from the Oneii to Newcastle, when the same new Lines shall be completed, §9. Toll to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §10. Toll paid at One Gate to free every other Gate within Five Miles, except the Gates to be erected on the said Three new Lines of Road, §14.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Bridge on the old River at Barton to Brandon Bridge in the County of Suffolk, (d)

[30th July 1831.]

[10 G. 3. c. 65. 29 G. 3. c. 94. and 51 G. 3. c. x. repealed, §1. One Half additional Toll to be paid on Carriages conveying Timber in the Winter Months, §8. Carriages on Wheels not rolling a flat Surface to be considered as Carriages with narrow Wheels, §9. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §10. No

more

£58

C.xix. — xxii. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 18SL

more than Two full Tolls to be taken in One Day far passing through all the Gates on the whole Line of Road, §11. No Money to be laid out in Repair, , fyc. c. of Streets in Brandon, 4 15.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the several Roads from the South Gate in the Borough of King's Lynn into the Parishes of East Walton, Narborough, Stoke Ferry, and Downham Market, in the County of Norfolk, (d)

[SOth July 1831.]

[10 G. 3. c. 85. 31 G. 3. c. 112. and 51 G. 3. e.xvi. repealed, §1. No Toll to be taken far Sheep or Lambs in going to a Place of washing previously to being sheared, or in returning therefrom, nor for Sheep going to or returning from any Place used for clipping within the District of Roads. Penalty of 40*. for fraudulently claiming Exemptions, §8. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. No more than Two full Tolls to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates, §10. Tolls to be taken for Trucks, &c. drawn by Dogs, §11. Power of Court of Sewers reserved, §16. No Money to be laid out in Repair of Streets, &c. § 17. Penalty of 40s. for exercising Three Horses abreast, or hanging out Clothes within Forty Feet of the Centre of the Road, §18.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Borough of King's Lynn, and other Roads therein mentioned, and for making a new Line of Road at Castle Rising, all in the County of Norfolk, (d) [SOth July 1831.]

[10 G. 3. c. 86. 31 G. 3. c. 113. and 51 G. 3. c. xvii. repealed, §1. No Toll to be taken for Sheep or Lambs in going to a Place of washing previously to being sheared, or in returning therefrom, nor for Sheep going to or returning from any Place used for clipping, within the District of Roads. Penalty of 40*. for fraudulently claiming Exemptions, §14. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §15. No more than Two full Tolls to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates, §16. ToUs to be taken far Trucks, , fyc. c. drawn by Dogs, §17. No Money to be laid out in repairing of Streets, , fyc. c. § 22. Power of Court of Sewers reserved, §23. Penalty of 40*. far exercising Three Horses abreast, or hanging out Clothes within Forty Feet from the Centre of the Roads, §24.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road between the City of Durham and the Village of Shodey Bridge in the County of Durham, (d) [SOth July 1831.]

[50 G. 3. c.iii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing through same Gate on the same Day, §7. No more than Pour full Tolls to be paid on the whole Road, §8. Only One Third of the Tolls to be paid from the Slonks Side Bar to Skotlsy Bridge, §9.]

A.D. 181.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. xxiii. — xxvii.

459

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads called the Brtamish and Wooler Turnpike Roads, in the County of Northumberland, and for more effectually improving and maintaining the same, (e) [30th July 1831.]

[1 G. 4. c.\yLT&. and 10 G. 4. c.lxxviii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. No more than Five full Tolls to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates from Longhrosley Bar to Milfield Bum, nor more than One full Toll from Wooler to Bowsdon Bum, §10. No more Monies to be expended in the Repair of Branch Roods than are collected thereon, §20.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Road from Soho Hill in the Parish of Handsworth to the Walsall Road on the Northern Side of Hamstead Bridge, and another Road from Brown's Green to the Friary, in the County of Stafford, (c) [30th July 1831.]

[49 G. 3. c. cxlvii. recited, §1. Steam Carriages passing on the Road more than One hundred Yards to pay Toll as Carriages drawn by Four Horses, §13. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on same Day, §15. An additional Half Toll to be paid on Carriages carrying Timber between the \$L Day of November and the last Day of February, §16.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for repairing and improving certain Roads in the Counties of Stafford and Salop, leading to and from the Town of Wolverhampton in the County of Stafford. (d) [30th July 1831.]

[21 G. 2. c. 25. and 1 W. 4. c. 76. recited, and 12 G. 3. c. 101. 33 G. 3. c. 147. and 50 G. 3. c. lvi. repealed, §1. One full Toll only to be paid in One Day on the Wolverhampton Roads, § 10 .; and One full Toll only on the Road leading from the Finger Post at Kingswood towards Newport, §11. Additional Toll to be paid for Overweight, §16. No Money to be laid out to repair Streets in Wolverhampton, Willenhall, Shiffnall, or AJbrighton, §20.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for more effectually repairing certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Abergavenny in the County of Monmouth, and for making and maintaining several new Branches of Road to communicate therewith, (e) [30th July 1831.]

[50 G. 3. c. lviii. repealed, §1. TqUs to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §18.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Bottom of Kirkgate to the Bottom of Westgate, both in the Parish of Wakefield in the West Riding of the County of York.

[30th July 1831.]

[Tolls to be paid but once a Day for passing and repassing through

all

460

C. xxvii. — xxxi. p & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 181.

all the Gates, §12. This Act to commence on the Day next after the passing, and to continue for Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the Ei\d of the then next Session, §18.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for more effectually maintaining the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making Roads from Dawlish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, together with a Road from Southtown to Chudleigh, and certain Branches communicating with the same, all in the County of Devon; and to make and maintain other Roads communicating with the said Roads. (<f)

[30th July 1831.]

[Powers of 6 G. 4. c. xcix. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, §1. If Two separate Tolls shall be taken on Dawlish and Kenton Districts, no greater Rate of Toll to be collected than at present, §13. No Toll to be taken on the Road leading from Dawlish to the Thorns-upon-Haldon for Lime for Manure, §14. No more Money to be expended on Branch Road than is collected thereon, §20.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing, amending, and improving the Roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton, and Warrington, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (d) [30th July 1831.]

[1 # 2 G. 4. c. xv. repealed, §1. No Money to be laid out to repair Streets, &c. § 6. Toll to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. Waggons, , fyc. c. returning laden with more than Five Hundred Weight, to be liable to a Second Toll, §12.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Dunocston Bridge to Caundle Bishop, and other Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, so far as relates to the Vale of Blackmoor Turnpike Roads.

[30th July 1831.]

[Powers of 5 G. 4. c. cxlv. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, §1. No more than One full Toll to be taken for passing and repassing along the Road from Sturminster Bridge to the Sherborne Turnpike Road at Purse Caundle, nor more than One full Toll from Sturminster to the End of the Parish of Gillingham, §9. No Money to be laid out in Repair of Streets, &c. in Stab bridge or Sturminster Newton, §16. This Act to commence upon the passing; and the recited Act of 5 G. 4. c. cxlv. so far as the same relates to the Vale of Blackmoor Turnpike Roods, and this Act, to continue for Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session, §18.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the South End of Milford Bridge in the Parish of Tedburn Saint

5 Mary

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. xxxi. — xxxiv.

461

Mary to Chttdleigh Bridge, and from Crockham Bridge to the Exeter Turnpike Road in Chudleigh, all in the County of Devon. (e) [30th July 1831.]

[Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §11 .; and no more than Two full Tolls to be taken in One Day for passing the whole Length of Road, §12. Additional Tolls to be paid for Waggons, Sfc, with Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches or Four and a Half Inches, as the Case may be, §15. Toll to be paid but once a Day on the whole Line of Road for Lime for manure, §16. No more Money to be laid, out on Branch Road than is taken thereon, §18. No Money to be laid out in repairing, &c. Streets in Chudleigh, §19.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for amending certain Roads in the County of Somerset, and for placing them and other Roads under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the Langport, Somerton, and Castle Cary Roads.

[30th July 1831.]

[Bowers of 5 G. 4. c. xcviii. (except as altered) extended to this Act, and 4 & 4. c.lxii. recited, §1. Trustees may abandon Part of old Road when the new one is made, §6. Trustees empowered to alter the Road through Wet Moor, §8. Road from Hurst Bow, Sfc, when abandoned by the Trustees of the Martoch Act, to be under the Care of the Trustees under this Act, §9. No more Money to be expended in the Repair of Roads than is collected thereon, §10. Trustees not to expend Money in repairing Streets, Sf-c. in Langport, Somerton, or Castle Cary, §11. Trustees of Langport, , fyc. c. Act to pay the Costs of this Act, §12. Act to commence from One Calendar Month after the passing thereof, and to continue for the Term for which the first-recited Act shall be in force, §14.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the Three Divisions of the County of Lincoln to purchase the Site of Lincoln Castle; and to empower the Court of Gaol Sessions for the said County to maintain and support the Judges House, County Hall, and Courts of Assize; and for other Purposes affecting the County at large.

[2d August 1831.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for improving, repairing, and maintaining the Harbours of the Burgh of Rothesay in the County of Bute, and for building and maintaining a "Gaol, Court House, and Offices for the said Burgh and County.

[2d August 1831.]

[Ships of War, or Vessels employed by the Customs, Excise, Ordnance, or Post Office, or in the Conveyance of Officers or Soldiers, or their Horses, Arms, or Baggage, exempted from Toll; and Persons claiming Exemption without being entitled thereto to forfeit Ten Pounds, §19. Saving Rights of Burgh of Rothesay, §88.]

462

C. xxxv. — xxxix. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.IXI831.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from Hutherglen Green to Wellshot in the County of Lanark.

[2d August 1831.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for draining and improving certain Low Lands situate within the several Townships of Norton, Campsatt, Askren, Maes, Fenwick, Little Smeaton, Stubbs Walden, Womersley, Whitley, Bain, Pollington, Snaitk and Cowick, and Sykehouse, in the several Parishes of Campsatt, Womersley, Kellington, Snaitk, and Fishlake, all in the West Riding of the County of York

[2d 1831.]

Cfcp. xxxvii.

An Act for maintaining the Road from Wakefield to Austerlands in the West Riding of the County of York. (d)

[2d August 1831.]

[1 G. 4. c.lxviii. repealed§ 1 .; and Powers of 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act, §2. No Toll to be taken for Morses employed in towing Vessels on the Colder and Hebble Navigation, §9. No Exemption allowed in respect of Carriages having the Nails of the Tire projecting more wan One Quarter of an Inch, §11. No Toll to oe paid for repassing on same Day, except with a different Carriage, and passing Two Miles on the Road, §12. No more than Four full Tolls to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing once through all the Gates between Commencement of the Pood in the Township of Wakefield and the Centre of Huddersfield Long Bridge, or between Chapel Hitt and the Termination of the Hoad at Austerlands, §13. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, &c. § 23.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads leading across the County of Stirling, and other Roads in the said County. (<e)

[2d August 1831.]

[34 G. 3. c. 138. and 50 G. 3. c. xvi. repealed, §1. Power to Trustees to exempt from additional Tolls Waggons, Sp. with Two Wheels rotting Five Inches in Breadth on a flat Surface, §21. Tolls to be paid but once for passing and repassing on same Day through same Gate, or for passing through any other Gate within Four Miles of the Gate where the Toll was paid (except with a fresh Loading exceeding Two Hundred Weight) , §22. No Exemption for Horses, , fyc. c. passing more than One hundred Yards on the Hoads, §24.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to amend an Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Wendover to the Town of Buckingham in the County of Buckingham.

[2d August 1831.]

[Powers of. 11 G. 4. c.lxxxi. (eoccept as altered) extended to this Act, §1. Provision in reeded Act as to taking Tolls and repairing

Streets

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. xxxix. — xlii.

463

Streets in Aylesbury repealed§ 5. Trustees not to collect nor expend Money in repairing, &c. Streets, , fyc. c. in Aylesbury between the Toll House near Court Farm in Walton and the Junction of the Road with the Aylesbury and Bicester Road, §6. Act to commence from the Second Monday after the passing, and continue for the Term granted by the recited Act, §9.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from the South Side of a Bridge over the River Colne, called Engine Bridge, in the Township of Huddersfield in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterdough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, (d)

[2d August 1831.]

[8 G, 3. c, 47. 28 G. 3. c. 103. and 50 G. 3. c. xcvi. repealed, §1. No Toll to be paid for repassing once through same Gate on same Day, §11. Tolls to be payable only Three Times a Day at same Gate, §12. Tolls to be taken at Two Gates only for passing and repassing once through all the Gates between Huddersfield and the Junction with the New Mill District of Road, and at Four Gates only for passing and repassing once through all the Gates along the whole Line of Road, on same Day, §13. Horses drawing different Carriages to pay each Time of passing, §15. Trustees restrained from erecting Tell Gates on certain Roads so long as the Trustees thereof keep the same in repair, §18. Penalty of 40s. for hanging on the Sides of the Road any Woollen or Cotton Cloth or Linen, and for making Fires near the Road, §29.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, and Wootton Bassett in the County of Wilts, (d) [2d August 18S1.]

[50 G. 3. c.clxxiv. repealed, §1. Tolls to be taken at Two Gates only for passing and repassing through all the Gates along the whole Line of Road called the Ashton Keynes District, and on the Wootton Bassett District, nor more than One on the Crudwell and Minty District, on same Day, §8. Money not to be laid out in Repair of Streets, &c. in Wootton Bassett or Cirencester, § 17-] -

Cap. xlii.

An Act to continue and amend an Act for more effectually, repairing several Roads in and through His Majesty's Forest of Dean in the County of Gloucester, and to convert certain Highways in the Parishes of Staunton and Newland, in the said County, into Turnpike Roads.

[2d August 1831.]

[Powers of 7 &r 8 G. 4. c. xii. (except as hereby altered) extended to this Act, §1. The Term granted by recited Act to cease; and that Act and this shall from thenceforth continue for Thirty-one Years, and from dunce to the End of the then next Session, § 1Q.]

464

C.xliii, — xlv. lo & 2o GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Wisbech in the Isle of Ely in the County of Cambridge to the Town of Thomey in the same Isle and County.

[2d August 1831.]

[50 G. 3. c.lxxiv. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day for passing and repassing through same Gate, §8. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing through all the Gates on the whole Line of Hoad between Wisbech Saint Peter and Thomey, §9. No Toll to be taken for any Foal running by the Side of its Dam, or for Materials for repairing any Works of Drainage within the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter and Wisbech Saint Mary, or the Lordship of Thomey, belonging to the Corporation of Bedford Level, or Commissioners of the North Level* or the Commissioners of Sewers for the Hundred of Wisbech, or the Commissioners for the Drainage of any District within the Parishes and Lordship aforesaid, or for Horses, fyc, employed in haling Vessels, §11. No Tolls to be applied in repairing Roads in Wisbech and Thomey, §13. Power to Trustees to direct Indictments for not repairing Bridges, &c. § 14*. Power for the Trustees to repair Bridges, SfC. and to charge the Parties liable, §15. Power to the Trustees to agree with Commissioners respecting Bridges, , fyc. c. § 16. No Waterway to be diminished* § 17. Penalty of 40$. for hanging out Clothes, , fyc. c. near the Road, §18. Saving the Rights of the Corporation of Bedford Level, § 19 .; and of the Commissioners of Sewers and Drainage, § 20 .; and of the Burgesses of Wisbech, §21. Act to commence from the Expiration of Seven Days after passing, and to continue for Thirty-one Years, and to the End of the then next Session, §23.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Road from Ludlow in the County of Salop, through Woojferton and Little Hereford, to Monk's Bridge in the said County, and also from Ludlow to Orleton in the County of Hereford. (d) [2d August 1831.]

[1 G. 4. c. xxxiv. repealed, §1. Powers of 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act, f 3. No Toll to be paid on repassing on same Day, except with a different Waggon, &c. § 16. No more than Four full Tolls to be taken for passing and repassing once through all the Gates on same Day, §17. No Money received under this Act to be laid out in repairing Streets, &c. § 23.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying into effect certain Improvements within the City of Edinburgh, and adjacent to the same.

[23d August 1831.]

[7 SfSG- 4. c. lxxvi. to remain in force, except as hereby repealed,

§ 1. Bank Street not to be widened, nor Castle HtU, by Removal of Houses on the North Side, and not more than 700/. to be expended in levelling, widening, or improving the Mound, §48. No Money to be laid out on Street from Chapel Street to St Patrick Square, §49.]

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.xlvi. — lii.

465

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for extending the Royalty of the Burgh of Dundee, and for amending the Sett or Municipal Constitution of the said Burgh.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for repealing, altering, enlarging, and amending certain Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Incorporation of the Highland Society of London, for the better Management of the Funds of the Society, and for rendering its Exertions more extensive and beneficial to the Public.

[23d August 1831.]

[iSWA Parts of 56 G. 3. c.xx. as require the Payment to one of the Treasurers of the Corporation of 26/. 5s. by such Persons as shall be elected Members of the Corporation, and as enact that the President of the Society, or in his Absence One or more of the Vice Presidents or of the Treasurers, with any Twelve or more of the Members of the Corporation, or in the Absence of the President all the Vice Presidents and Treasurers, any Fifteen or more of the Members of the Corporation, should compose a General Court, repealed, §1.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for erecting a County Hall and Courts of Justice, and also for providing Accommodation for His Majesty's Justices of Assize, in and for the County of Worcester.

[23d August 1831.] [Powers of7G.4. c. 63. extended to this Act, §15.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for endowing a Church called Saint Bridged, in the Parish of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for extinguishing Tithes, and customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, within the Parish of Llanelly in the County of Carmarthen, and for making Compensation in lieu thereof.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. li.

An Act for the better Management of the Poor in the several Parishes and Hamlets in the City of Norwich and County of the same City.

[23d August 1831.]

[10 Ann. c. 6. 42 G. 3. c. lvii. and 7 <$* 8 G. 4. c. xxix. repealed,

#10

Cap. lii.

An Act to consolidate and amend the several Acts for making the West India Docks.

[23d August 1831.]

[39 G. 3. c. lxix. 42 G. 3. c. cxiii. 44 G. 3. c. vii. 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. xxxi. 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. lxv. 10 (?. 4. c. lxvii. and 10 G. 4. 1 A 2 Gul. IV. H h c. cxxx.

466

C.lii. — lvii.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183L

c. cxxx. repealed, §1. Saving the Rights of the Corporation of London, § 140 .; and of Trustees for paving of Poplar, and of Vestrymen of the Parish of All Saints Poplar, §141.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for granting certain Powers to a Company called "The General Steam Navigation Company." [23d August 1831.]

[Saving the Rights of the Corporation of London, § 55 .; and of the Watermens Company, § 56 .; and the Duke of Richmond s Right to hold a Court at Gravesend, called Curia Cursus Aqvue, § 57*; and of the Liberties of the Inhabitants of Gravesend, §58.]

Cap. liv.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from Lough Corrib to the Bay of Galway, and for the Improvement of the Harbour of Galway.

[2Sd%^1831.]

[Powers of 11 G. 4. c. cxxii. extended to this Act, §1.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Belfast in Ireland, and for other Purposes.

[23d August 1831.]

[25 G, 3. c. 64. (/.) repealed, §1. His Majesty's Ships of War, Vessels employed in His Majesty's Service, in the Conveyance ef Officers or Soldiers, their Arms or Baggage, Ordnance, Stores, Vessels in the Service of the Ordnance, Customs, or Excise, or Postmaster General, exempted from Toll, §132. Saving the Rights of the Marquess of Donegal, his Heirs and Assigns, or the Sovereign and Burgesses of Belfast, and of Arthur Chichester E$qn his Heirs and Assigns, §168.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act to amend the several Acts for making and maintaining the Ulster Canal in the Counties of Fermanagh and Armagh,

[23d August 1831.]

[Powers, &c. of 6 G, 4. c, xciii. 9 G. 4. c.xcvi. 10 G. 4. c.cix. continued till 24th June 1837.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act for inclosing, draining, and warping Lands within the Townships or Hamlets of Frodingham, Scunthorpe, and Gun-house (otherwise Gunnas) , all in the Parish of Frodingham in the County of Lincoln, [23d August 1831.]

[Owners of Freeboard, &c. to have Allotments in lieu thereof, §28. Allotments to be made for Gravel and Stone Pits, §29. Manorial Allotment to be made for Right of Soil, §30. Allotments to be made to the Vicar of Frodingham in lieu of Glebe, § 31 .; and to the Impropriator and Vicar in lieu of Tithes, §32. Commissioner to apportion Allotments between the Impropriator and Vicar of

Frodingham,

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lvii. — lx.

46T

Frodingham, §33. Proprietors, not having sufficient Allotments. to make Compensation in Money for their Tithes, § 34*. Allotmetit to be made, for Right of Warren, §35. Allotments to the Impropriator and Vicar, an*/ Manorial Allotments, to 5c fenced\ and the Expence to be Part of the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, §38. Vicar, tctfA Consent of Patron and Bishop, may Zeajc Am Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months from passing of Act, §39. Saving of Rights to the Lord and Lady of Kirton Seignory, §83.]

Ca/>. lviii.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for making and maintaining a Railway from the Lands of Polloc and Govan to the River Clyde; and to alter and extend the Powers of the Company of Proprietors of the said Railway.

[23d August 1831.]

[Powers of 11 G. 4. c. lxii. (except as altered) extended to this Act,

§ 2. Saving the Rights of the Barony of Gorbals, §23.J

Cap. lix.

An Act for making a Railway from Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster to Sheffield in the West Riding of the County of York.

[23A August 1831.]

[Act not to prejudice the Rights of Commissioners of Manchester Police, nor of the Directors of the Manchester Gas Works, § 217 .; nor to interfere with Lands, &c. of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company, except as expressly authorized by this Act, §220. Saving the Rights of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway Company, §221.]

Cap. lx.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Canal Navigation from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury to make and maintain a Railway from Manchester to Bolton and to Bury in the County Palatine of Lancaster, upon or near the Line of the said Canal Navigation, and to make and maintain a Collateral Branch to communicate therewith.

[23d August 1831.]

[31 G. 3. c. 68. and 45 G. 3. c. iv. repealed, §1. Rubbish or waste Stones from Delves and Quarries, and paving and other Stones, Gravely Sand, Timber, and Woody for making or repairing Water Banks, Sluices, or Trenches upon the Canaly or Roads not being Turnpikesy and Manure (except Lime) used for Lands, shall not be charged with Rates, so that the same do not pass through any Lock of the Canal but at suck Time when the Water shall flow over the Lock Weir of such Lock. Penalty of 40s.for fraudulently claiming Exemptions, §141. Owners and Occupiers to pass along Railway as far as their Lands extend without Payment of Toll, §161. Railway not to be used as a Passage for Horses or other Cuttle, §168. Penalty of 51. on Persons travelling on Foot on the Railway, §169. No Waggon to pass unless constructed as directed by the Company, §170. Penalty of 51 on Boatmen carrying Nets or Guns for killing Fish or Game, § 173 .; and Penalty

H h 2 I of

408

C.lx. — Ixiii.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

of 40^. on Persons floating Timber on the Canal, or obstructing the Navigation, §174. Materials for Repair of Roads subject to a Toll of One Halfpenny per Ton per Mile, §192. Rights of Lords of Manors and of Land Owners to the Fishery reserved, §196. Saving of Rights of the King in right of His Crown and in right of His Lucky of Lancaster, §215. Act not to interfere with Rights of Manchester and Salford Water Company, §216. Manchester and Salford Water Company to have free Access to their Pipesf § 217.]

Cap. lxi.

An Act for more effectually making, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping in repair certain Roads in the County of Forfar. (d) [23d August 1831.]

[50 G. 3. c. cxxi. 54 G. 3. c. ccxxxii. and 7 G. 4. c. Cxxviii. repealed, § 1 .; and Powers of 4 G\ 4. c. 49. extended to this Act* §2. Additional Tolls to be paid for Overweight, §18. Broad Wheels to pay only One Third or One Half Tolls, according to the Construction of the Wheels and Number of Horses drawing, §19. Double Toll to be paid for Wheels not having a flat Surface, §20. Tolls to be paid but once in Six Miles, §23. Waggons, fyc, for which Tolls have been paid may pass and repass twice on same Day, §24. One Half Toll only to be taken upon either of the Three Lines of Road from Dundee to the Confines of the County, and from Montrose to the Bridges near to Kinnaber and Marykirk, and One Third only upon the Road from Douglastown to Cuttyhaugh, §25. Act of the Scotch Parliament in 1661, so far as it extends to Forfarshire, repealed, §38.]

Cap. lxii.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, for repairing the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for making certain new Lines of Road to communicate with the same, and for keeping in repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge; and to make and maintain other Roads communicating with the said Roads.

[23d August 1831.]

[.Powers of 7 G, 4. c. xxv. (<except as altered) extended to this Act, § I. One full Toll only to be token for passing and repassing on the Rood leading from Exeter to Straightway Head, and from the late Gallows to Aylesbeare Hill, and from Exeter by Clist Bridge to the Top of Woodbury Hill, §15. Steam Carriages, &c. to pay a Toll of Sixpence for every Wheel, if weighing with the Lading not exceeding One Ton; and if weighing more than One Ton, the further Sum of Sixpence per Wheel; and the further Sum of Sixpence per Wheel for every Excess of any further Ton Weight, §18. This Act to commence from the passing, and to be in force for the Remainder of the Term granted by the recited Act, §27.J

Cap. Ixiii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham to Hockliffe in the County of Bedford. (d) [23d August 1831.]

[50 G. 3. c. xciv. repealed, §1. Toll to be paid but once a Day for

passing

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxiii. — lxvi.

469

passing and reposting through same Gate on same Day, §7. One full ToU only to be taken for passing or repassing on same Day through all the Gates between Aylesbury and Leighton Bustard, and One full ToU only for passing and repassing between Leighton Bustard and Hockliffe, §8. Trustees not to expend Money to repair Streets, &c. in Aylesbury or Leighton Bustard, % 13.]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for the more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from Sunderland near the Sea in the County of Durham to the City of Durham, (d) [23d August 1831.]

[20 G. 2. c. 13. 8 G. 3. c. 42. 29 G. 3. c. 80. and 51 G. 3. c. iii. repealed, §1. No Money to be laid out in the Repair of Streets, , fyc. c. in Bishopwearmouth or St. Giles, §5. Carriages with Milk drawn by One Horse only exempt from Tolls, §8. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §9. Two full Tolls only to be taken on same Day for passing and repassing through all the Gates, §10. Steam Carriages, , fyc. c. to pay every Time of passing and repassing, §13. If the Tires of Wheels of Waggons, &c. of the Breadth of Four Inches and a Half and under Nine Inches shall not be so constructed as to bear Five Parts in Six of their Breadth on a level Surface, the Horses, &c. drawing such Waggons, &c. to be charged with ToU as drawing a Waggon, &c. having Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, $15. Penalty of 40s. for exercising Three Horses abreast, or hanging Clothes or Linen within Forty Feet of the Centre of the Road, §17.]

Cap. lxv.

An Act for repairing and improving the several Roads within the Kidwelly District of Roads in the County of Carmarthen, and for making new Lines of Road within the said District, and building a Bridge across the River Lloughor at Spitty Bank, and a Bridge or Embankment across the River Gioendraith Fawr at the Ford.

[23d August 1831.]

£5 G. 4. c. ii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §22. Tolls to be payable on the Bridges every Time of passing, §23. One Toll only to be taken within Six Miles, §26. Trustees not to repair Streets of Llanelly and Kidwelly, nor take Toll therein, §40. Saving the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of KidweUy, §41. This Act to commence from the passing, and so far as the same relates to the Roads to continue in force for Thirty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session, and so far as the same relates to the Bridge and Avenues to be perpetual, §43.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for better repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Frome in the County of Somerset, (d)

[23d August 1831.]

[30 G. 2. c. 39. 12 G. 3. c. 94. 37 G. 3. c. 175. and 50 G. 3. c.lxii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same H h 3 Gate,

y

470

C.lxvi. — lxviii. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Catty § 8, Carriages laden with Stone to pay Toll on every Third Time of passing, §11. No more than One full Toll to be taken on same Day for once passing and repassing through all the Gates between the Commencement of the Road at or near Warminster and Frame; and Two full Tolls only between Frome and die Termination of the said Road on Mendip Hills; and One full Toll only between the Commencement of the Road at Eggford and the Termination of the Road at Stanorook Ash, and between the Commencement of the Road near the Seven Dialsy whether along the present Road towards Huckland, or the proposed fiew Road from near the Packhorse Inn to the Pounds and the Termination of the Road at the Bridge at Buckland, and between the Commencement of the Road near the Bridge in Frome and the Junction with the last-mentioned Road, and between the Commencement of the Road at Wallb ridge and the Termination of the Road at Penleigh Gate, and between Frome and the Termination of the Road near Nunney Church, and between the Commencement of the Road near Garston and the Termination of the Road at the Bruton Turnpike Road, and between the Commencement of the Road near the North Parade and Gallows Gate, and between the Commencement (f the Road at Blatchbridge and the Termination of the Road near the Horse and Jockey Public House, and between the Commencement of the Road at Goose Marsh Gate and the Termination of the Road at Bulls Quarries, and between the Commencement of the Road at the Cross Road on the West Side of Little Elm and the Termination thereof in Coleford, and between the Commencement of the Road near North Hill Gate and the Termination of the Road near Lamb's Gate, and between the Commencement of the Road near the First Mile Stone on the Road from Frome to Buckland and the Termination of the Road at Murdercombe, and between the Commencement of the Road at the Brewery at Welsh Mill and the Termination of the Road in the Lane leading to Clink Cross Roads, and between the Commencement of the Road near Great Elm and the Termination of the same in the Eggford and Whatley Roady § 12. Money not to be laid out in repairing Streets, §c. § 24.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for better regulating the Poor within the Parish of Birmingham in the County of Warwick; and for empowering the Guardians of the Poor to grant Building Leases of certain Lands vested in them, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the same, and to apply the Monies to arise therefrom in the Enlargement or rebuilding of the present Workhouse; and for other Purposes.

[6th September 1831.]

[23 G. 3. c. 54. repealed, §1.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act to alter and amend the several Acts for making navigable the River Kennet in the County of Berks.

[6th September 1831.]

I Powers of \G.\. c. 24. (Pr.) 7(7.1. c.S. and SG.2. c. 35. (except as altered) extended to this Act, §1.]

A.D. 1831.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxix.-lxxi.

Cap. lxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railroad from Westland Row in the City of Dublin to the Head of the Western Pier of the Royal Harbour of Kingstown in the County of Dublin, with Branches to communicate therewith.

[6th September 1831.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act for repairing and improving the Mail Coach Road through the County of Tyrone. (<?) [6th September 1831.]

[iSXar full Tolls only to be taken for passing over the whole of the Road, §27. Tolls to be paid but once a Day at same Gate, §28. Horses having passed through a Gate, and returning drawing a Carriage, the Toll paid on die Horses to be deducted, §30. The Royal Family; Persons going to or returning from any Place of Public Worship on Sundays, Christmas Day, or Good Friday; Clergymen going to or returning from visiting any sick Parishioner, or on other Parochial Duty within their respective Parishes; Inhabitants of Parishes going to or returning from the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buiied within his Parish; Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Trees, Woods, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the Roads or Bridges thereon; Com in the Straw the Produce of Townlands through which the Road passes; Horses, &c. conveying Com to be ground in any of the Manor Mills unthin any Totcnland through which the Road passes, or within a Quarter of a Mile of the Road, to be laid up or consumed in the Houses, Outhouses, Bams, or Yards of the Owners, and not for Sale, or carrying Manure, or Turf or Peat only, and when returning unladen after conveying such Materials, or going for the same; Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; and Cattle going to or returning from being shod or farried, or to or from Work in cultivating the Lands within the Parishes through which the Road passes, or going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, exempted from Toll; provided that such last-mentioned Exemption shall only extend to such Cattle as shall not pass upon the Road more than Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Pasture; and Horses, , fyc. c. which shall not pass above One hundred Yards on the Road, and Officers and Soldiers upon March or Duty, their Arms or Baggage, wounded, sick, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, Ordnance or other public Stores, Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from Exercise, Mails, Constables or Policemen, or Magistrates commanding and accompanying them, Vagrants or Prisoners sent by legal Warrant, and Persons going to or returning from voting at any Election for the County of Tyrone. also exempted from Toll, §40. Windmills not to be erected within 300 Feet of the Centre of the Road, §80. Cattle or Swine, &c. wandering on the Road to be impounded, §81.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth, and Clackmanan. (e)

[6th September 1831.]

[50 G. 3. c. lxxii. repealed, §1. Powers of 4 G. 4. c. 49. extended

472

C.btxi. — lxxiv. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 183L

to this Act, §3. Partial Exemptions in respect of Wheels of certain Descriptions, §15. Tolls to be paid only once a Day for passing and repassing through same Gate, except with a fresh Loading, §16. Tolls to be paid only once in Mix Miles, § 17 .; except in certain Cases within Six Miles, §18.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from North Shields in the County of Northumberland to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, and certain Branches communicating therewith; and also for making and repairing additional Branches of Road, (e) [6th September 1831.]

[22 G. 2. c. 9. 14 G. 3. c. 115. 36 G. 3. c. 130. 50 G. 3. c. xlix. and 1 G. 4. c.lxiv. repealed, §1. Penalty of 40$. for hanging out Clothes, , fyc. c. near the Road, §12. An additional Toll to be paid in respect of Wheels deviating from a flat Surface, §14. No more than Two full Tolls to be taken on same Day for passing the whole Length of Road, and only One full Toll for passing on each Branch thereof, or along the Bridge to be made over the Ouseburn; Tolls to be taken every Third Time of passing, and again on the Fifth and every other alternate Time after the Third. Foot Passengers to pay Toll for every Time of passing the Bridge, §15. No Money to be laid out in repairing the Streets, &c. in Newcastle, §18. Saving the Tolls of the Corporation of Newcastle, §24 .; and of the Rights of Coalowners using Waggon Ways, §25.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts now in force relating to the new River or Cut from Eau Brink to King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, called the Eau Brink Cut; and to raise further Funds for carrying the said Acts into execution.

[6th September 1831.]

[35 Gm 3. c. 77. 36 G. 3. c. 33. 45 G. 3. c. lxxii. 56 G. 3. c. xxxviii. 58(7.3. c.xlviii. 59 G. 3. c.lxxix. and 1#2(7.4. c.lxiv. to remain in force, except as hereby altered or repealed, §1. Further Navigation Toll of One Penny per Ton to commence on the 1st of January 1833, §29. No Toll to be taken for any Engine or Machine, or any Implement, Tool, Timber, Iron, Store, or Material, the Property of the Commissioners, conveyed along the Cut for being used in making or repairing any Work authorized to be made or repaired, §31. Saving the Rights of the Bedford Level Corporation, § 131 .; and of the Corporation of Lynn, and the Commissioners of Sewers, §132.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from the Pond-yards in the County of Hertford to the Town of Chipping Barnet in the same County. (d) [22d September 1831.]

[34 G. 3. c. 113. and 51 G. 3. c. clviii. repealed, §1. Tolls to be taken but once a Day at same Gate, §9. Horses, Sfc, drawing different Waggons, $c. to pay each Time of passing, §12. The

Toll

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxiv. — lxxvi.

473

Toll on Droves of Oxen, SfC. reduced One Half on passing the next Day after Payment if the full Tolly § 13. Penalty of 5L for hanging out Clothesy Sfc. near the Roads, §16. No Money to he laid out in repairing, <$r. the Streets of Towns through which the Road passesy 4*c. § 20.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to repeal in part an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of King George the Third, relating to a Portion of the Lands of BaUinaspeg9 near the City of Cork, belonging to the See of Cork; and to enable the Bishops of that See to demise the same, under certain Restrictions.

[27th September 1831.]

{82 G. 3. (/.) repealed, except so far as relates to Payment of Money due under recited Act, §1. Bishop of Cork may grant Leases of the Lands of BaUinaspeg for 21 Years, §2.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for regulating the Vend and Delivery of Coals in the Cities of London and Westminster, and in certain Parts of the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, Essex, Hertfordshire, Buckinghamshiret and Berkshire.

[5th October 1831.]

WHEREAS the Acts now in force for regulating the Vend | and Delivery of Coals in the Cities of London and Westminster and the Liberties thereof, and in certain Parts of the Counties of MiddleseXy Surrey, Kent, and Essex, have been found insufficient to prevent the Commission of Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of such Coals: And whereas the Objects intended to be effected by the said Acts would be more effectually promoted, and the Rates and Charges which tend to increase the Price of Coals might be reduced, if the said Acts were repealed, and other Provisions were made in lieu thereof:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to dissolve the present and prevent the future Combination Part of Act of Coal Ovmersy Lightermen, Masters of Shipsy and others, to ad- 9 Ann. c. 98 .; vance the Price of Coals, in prejudice of the Navigation Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, as directs that for the further Encouragement of the said Coal Trade, and for preventing of Frauds and Abuses therein, every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals, or some or one of them, shall give a full, true, and ample Certificate or Certificates to each and every Ship Master, every Voyage, signed by his or their Handwriting, containing the Day of the Month and Year of such loading, the Masters and Ships Names, and the exact Quantity, and the usual Names of the several and respective Collieries out of which the said Coals are and shall be wrought and gotten, and the Price paid by the.

Master or Masters for each and every Sort of Coals that each and

every

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals as aforesaid, his or their Agent or Servant, hath sold and loaded on board each and every Ship or Vessel, which said Certificate or Certificates shall, upon the Arrival of the said Ship at the Port of London or any other delivering Port, be registered, if delivered in the Port oi London, at the Cocquet Office always kept and appointed by the Lord Mayor of London for the Time being, and il delivered in any other delivering Port, then at the Custom House with the Keeper of the Cocquets there, for registering whereof no more than Sixpence shall be paid, to which said Register any Person or Persons shall and may have Recourse to see and examine without Fee or Reward; and in case any Person or Persons omit or refuse to give such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, or shall give or make any false Certificate or Certificates, or any Master or Masters of any Ship or Vessel shall knowingly give in any false Certificate or Certificates to be registered, or shall not, within Forty-eight Hours after Entry of his Ship at the Custom House of London or other delivering Port, give in his or their Certificate or Certificates to be registered in manner aforesaid, or if the Person or Persons who ought to register, file, or enter such Certificate or Certificates, or his or their Clerk or Deputy officiating in such Office or Offices, shall neglect to register the same for the Space of Four-and-twenty Hours after the Delivery of such Certificate or Certificates into such Office or Offices, or shall make a false Entry of such Certificate or Certificates, or refuse to show and produce such Certificate and Certificates, and Register thereof, to any Person or Persons coming at the usual Office Hours to see and inspect the same, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and also an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third, find the Acts intituled An Act for repealing the several Acts for regulating the 47 G.s. Sess. 2. Vend and Delivery of Coals within the Cities of London and West-c. lxviii .; minster and Liberties thereof and in certain Parts of the Counties

o/* Middlesex, Surrey, Kent, and Essex, and for making better Provision for the same; and also an Act passed in the Fifty-sixth

56 G. 3. c.xxi .; Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act for

preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement and Delivery of Cook within the several Parishes in the County of Middlesex lying between the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea and the Mouth of the River Colne near Staines, and also between Limehouse Hole and the Mouth of the River Lea near Blackwall, and also within the several Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex adjoining to both Banks of the River Lea and the Branches thereof between the River Thames and Edmonton; and also an Act passed in the Fifty-seventh Year

57 G. 3. c. i .; of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to extend the Limits of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for preventing Frauds in the Admeasurement of Coals in certain 57 G. 3, c. xl .; Parishes in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex; and also an Act passed in the same Year, intituled An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers granted to the Principal Land Coal Meters for the City and Liberty of Westminster, and for extending the Limits of their Office to the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea; and also an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King

A.D. 1831.

1° & ?° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

475

George the Fourth, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to nominate and appoint Two or more Persons to act as Principal Land Coal Meters within and for the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned in the said County; shall, from and after the Thirty-first Day of December next after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed (except as to such Acts, Matters, and Things as shall have been done before the passing of this Act, and also except as to such Proceedings, Offences, Penalties, and Forfeitures as shall have been commenced, committed, or incurred before the passing of this Act, and which Proceedings, Offences, Penalties, and Forfeitures may be proceeded in or punished, recovered and enforced, according to the Provisions contained in the said Acts respectively): Provided always, that the several Acts and Provisions repealed by the said recited Acts or any of them shall not be revived, and that nothing herein contained shall have the Effect of reviving any Act or any Provision of any Act whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and thirty-one, an Act passed in His late Majesty's Reign, to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey to nominate and appoint Two or more Persons to act as Principal Land Coal Meters within and for the several Places therein mentioned, and the several Powers and Provisions contained therein, shall be and the same is and are hereby revived and continued until the First Day of January next after the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Piece or Parcel of Land, with the Buildings thereon, called "The Coal Exchange," with the Hereditaments and Appurtenances, which by the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Third was declared to be vested in the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, shall continue and the same is hereby vested in them for the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall continue to be in or upon the said Coal Exchange and Hereditaments a free, open, and public Market for the Sale of Coals brought into the Port of London, which shall be called "The Coal Market."

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to continue and retain any Clerk or Clerks or other Officer or Officers of the said Coal Market, or to appoint such other Clerks and Officers, with such Salary or Salaries for his or their Trouble and Attendance there, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time think just and reasonable, and from Time to Time to remove or displace any of the said present or other Clerks or Officers, and to appoint other Clerk or Clerks, Officer or Officers, in his or their Stead.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, if they shall think proper, at any Time to remove the said Market to any other Place which they may from Time to Time

think

and 9 G. 4. c. lxv.

repealed after 31st Dec. 1831.

Nothing herein to revive any former Acts.

1 W. 4. c. ciixvii. continued until 1st Jan. 1832.

Coal Exchange to continue vested in the Corporation of London.

Coal Exchange to be an open Market.

Power to continue, appoint, and remove Clerks and Officers.

Tower to remove the Market, and to enlarge the present or any

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 181.

future Market Place.

Corporation empowered to purchase Tenements and Hereditaments.

Bodies Politic, &c., Trustees, and other Persons empowered to sell and convey, &c.

Satisfaction may be accepted.

think more convenient, and also at any Time to enlarge the said Coal Exchange, or other the Place where the said Market shall for the Time being be holden.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of providing a Site for any new Market Place, or for enlarging the present or any future Market Place, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London* to treat and agree for the Purchase of and from any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons able or authorized by this Act and willing to sell the same, any Tenements or Hereditaments or Estates or Interests therein, which the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, and also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts or Wards, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, but also for and on behalf of the Person or Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion, or for any other future Interest, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or possessed of or interested in any Tenements and Hereditaments which, or Part of which, by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall be thought necessary for the Purposes of this Act, to contract for, sell, and convey the same, and every or any Part thereof, to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; and all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances and Assurances, Acts and Deeds, which shall be made by such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, contracting or conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for or in respect of any such Sale which he, she, they, or any of them shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, asd other Person or Persons herein-before capacitated to contract for, sell, and convey any such Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and any other Owner or Owners of any such Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, may accept and receive such Satisfaction or Recompence for the Value thereof, and such Body or Bodies, Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons, Owner

or

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. lxxvi.

477

r Owners, and also any Tenant or Tenants for a Year, or from Year to Year, or at Will, or other Occupier or Occupiers of any such Premises, may accept and receive such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Compensation for Goodwill or Improvements which shall be lost, and for Tenants Fixtures, and for Injury or Damage which shall be sustained on account of the Execution of this Act, or in anyiyise relating thereto, as shall be agreed upon between them respectively and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled; and such Satisfaction, Recompence, or Compensation shall be paid out of the Fund herein-after mentioned, or the Monies to be received for the Purposes of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Conveyance of the Bargain* and Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Mayor and S* Commonalty and Citizens by Indenture or Indentures of Bargain

and Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, and to be enrolled in the Court of Hustings of the City of London within Six Calendar Months after making thereof, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, would or could do if levied and suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and further, that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, as shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and enrolled as aforesaid, shall have the like Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainor or Bargainors, or any Person or Persons seised of any such Tenements or Hereditaments in Trust for such Bargainor or Bargainors, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application of agreed to be paid for any Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part Compensation or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest

or Interests therein, purchased by virtue of the Powers of this ing Act, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or which shall belong to any Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons who shall have no Power to give a valid Receipt for the same, or to sell and convey the same Premises, otherwise than by virtue of this Act, or any Money shall be paid for any Estate of Freehold belonging to a Feme Covert, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, pursuant to the Method prescribed by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the better securing the monies and Effects paid into the \ G. 4. c. 35. Court of Exchequer at Westminster on account of the Suitors of the said Courty and for the Appointment of an Accountant General and Two Masters of the said Court, and for other Purposes, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward;

and

Ci lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Application when the Compensation shall be less than 200/. and exceed 201.

and shall, when so paid in, be applied, under the Direction and* with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, or affecting other Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof. Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Tenements or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Money shall be agreed to be paid for any Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, purchased as aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or any Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons, or Feme Covert as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Tenements or Hereditaments, or Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, or Charges so purchased, or of the Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees of such Person or Persons, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands or Seals, be paid in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner 9 herein-

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

479

herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, making such Option, and approved of by the said Lord Mayor for the Time being, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands and Seals or the Seals of the nominating and approving Persons,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Exchequer.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Body or Bodies, Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Tenements or Hereditaments, Parts, Shares, Estates, Interests, and Charges purchased as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think fit; or in case of the Infancy or Lunacy of such Person or Persons, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where the Purchase or Compensation Money for any Tenements or Hereditaments, or Part or Parts thereof, or Share or Shares, Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests therein, or Charge or Charges thereon, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, shall be required to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Exchequer, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, out of the Monies to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assent-bled, and they are hereby empowered, to pull down or cause to be pulled down all Houses, Erections, and Buildings which shall be purchased by virtue of this Act, or such of them or such Part thereof respectively as they shall think proper to be pulled down, and to clear and level any Ground which they may think necessary to be cleared and levelled, and to sell or cause to be sold the Materials of the Houses and other Buildings which shall be taken down and removed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, to let, sell, and dispose of,

or

Application where the Money is less than 201.

The Court may order Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Corporation.

Power to clear Grounds and sell Materials.

Power to let or sell any Ground not wanted, or

C.Ixxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

from which the Market shall be removed.

Receipts of the Chamberlain or his Clerk to be effectual Discharges.

Money produced by Sales and Rent to be applied to the Purposes of the Act.

Any new Market to be vested in the Corporation, and subject to the same Regulations as the present.

Restriction as to Market Places.

Notice to be given of the opening of any new Market.

or cause to be let, sold, or disposed of, all or any Part of the Ground, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, which they shall not think necessary for a new Market Place, or for the Enlargement of a Market Place, and also any Ground and Buildings from which the said Market shall hare been removed, after a new Market Place shall have been provided and opened in lieu thereof, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to contract for, rent, or purchase the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the Chamberlain of the City of London^ or his known Clerk, for any Purchase Monies, Rents, or other Sum or Sums of Money payable to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, by virtue of this Act, shall be a sufficient and effectual Discharge or sufficient and effectual Discharges for the Money in such Receipt or Receipts expressed or acknowledged to be received; and the Purchaser or Purchasers to whom the same respectively shall he given shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication, nor be in anywise obliged to see to the Application of the Money in such Receipt or Receipts expressed or acknowledged to be received.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be received by the said Chamberlain from any Sale or Sales of Materials, Tenements, and Hereditaments herein-before directed or authorized to he made, and also the Rents (if any) which shall be received from all the said Ground, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any of them, until the same shall be sold, shall (after Payment of the Costs and Expences of the said Sale or Sales, which are hereby directed to be paid thereout,) be applied in paying off the Monies to be raised by this Act as herein-after mentioned, or any other of the Purposes of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any new Market Place shall be provided by virtue of this Act, the same shall be vested in the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London, and shall be subject to the same Jurisdiction and Regulations in all respects, and the like Rates, Dues, and Charges may be demanded, received, and taken at or in respect of the same, in the like Manner and under the like Authorities and Provisions as if the said Market had continued to be holden on its present Site.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when any new Market Place shall have been provided and opened, no Market shall any longer be holden in the Place from whence the said Market shall have been removed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no new Market Place shall be or be deemed to be opened for the Purposes of this Act until Notice shall have been given, in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London^ in the London Gazette, Seven Days previous to the Day on which such Market is to be opened, and in such Notice the Day on which such Market is to be opened shall be specified, and on the Day

so

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

481

so specified in such Notice such Market shall be and be deemed to be opened and established for the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, by and out of the Fund herein-after mentioned, or the Monies to be received for the Purposes of this Act, to erect or cause to be erected, on the present or any future Market Place, such Buildings as they shall think necessary or proper for the Purposes of the said Market, with proper Gates, Fixtures, Conveniences, and Appurtenances thereto, and to maintain, keep in repair, or alter the same as they shall from Time to Time tnink proper.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the Purpose of defraying the Charges and Expences of such Market, and of the Purchase of the Tenements and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be purchased, and of erecting and supporting convenient Buildings thereon, and for defraying the Salaries and Allowances of the several Clerks and other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into execution, and for paying the Compensations herein-after directed or authorized to be made, and the Monies herein after authorized to be borrowed or raised, and the Interest thereof, and for. creating a Fund for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from every Master of a Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, arriving at her Moorings within any Part of the Port of London at or to the Westward of Gravesend, the Sum of One Penny per Ton, and no more, for every Ton of Coals, Cinders, or Culm contained in such Ship or other Vessel; and such Sum of One Penny per Ton of all such Coals, Cinders, or Culm shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid in such and the like Manner, and by, with, and under such Powers, Authorities, and Provisions, as the other Duty or Duties or Imposition or Impositions on Coals herein-after made payable may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid respectively.

XaIV. Provided ^always, and be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid and discharged by and out of the Money to be received by virtue of this Act; and when and as soon as such Costs, Charges, and Expences, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of purchasing Tenements and Hereditaments for the said Market, and of making Buildings and other Conveniences thereto, and the Compensation herein-after directed or authorized to be made, and the Sums of Money herein after authorized to be borrowed or raised, and the Interest thereof, shall have been paid off and discharged, and the said Duty of One Penny per Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm shall be more than sufficient for maintaining, repairing, and supporting the said Market, and of the several Buildings and Conveniences thereto, and for paying the said Compensation, and the Salaries and other Payments and Allowances to the Clerk or Clerks and other Of-1 & 2 Gul.IV. J i ficers

Power to erect Building, and repair and altar the same.

A Duty of Id. per Ton on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, to be levied for defraying the Expences of the Market, &c.

When Expences of executing' this Act have been paid, and Provision made for defraying the Compensation and Salaries to Officers, the Duty to cease;

482

C.lxxvi.

I" & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 181.

but may be again levied.

Money may be raised on the Credit of Duty.

ficers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the several other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into execution, then and from thenceforth the Residue or Overplus of the Monies to be received and produced from and by the said Duty of One Penny per Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm shall from Time to Time, as and when received, be laid out or invested in the Purchase of Stock in some of the Public Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk, and Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London for the Time being, who shall from Time to Time lay out or invest the yearly Dividends or Interest of the Stocks, Funds, and Securities so purchased in their Names in like Manner for the Purpose of Accumulation, until the yearly Dividends and Interest of all the Stocks, Funds, and Securities so purchased shall be sufficient for the Payment of the Salaries and other Payments and Allowances to the Clerk or Clerks and other Officers and Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, and for defraying the several other Charges and Expences of carrying the same into execution; and when and so soon as the same Dividends and Interest shall be fully sufficient for the Purposes last mentioned, then and from thenceforth the said Duty of One Penny per Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm shall cease: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, again to raise such Duty, or any Part thereof, to any Sum not exceeding the Sura granted by this Act, when and so often as it shall be necessary for the Purposes thereof; and such Duty, or any Part thereof, when so reduced or again raised, shall be collected, levied, and recovered in such and the same Manner as the Duty granted or continued by this Act can or may be collected, levied, and recovered; and when and so often as the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, or any Part thereof, shall cease or be again renewed, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall cause One Calendar Month's previous Notice of such Cesser or Renewal to be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and by affixing Notice thereof in Writing on the Door or some conspicuous Place in the said Coal Market.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes of this Act it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to borrow or raise, on the Credit of the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and upon Payment of any Monies so to be raised into the Chamber of the said City, by such Instalments, in such Proportions, at such Times, and in such Manner as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall direct, the Persons who shall contract or advance or contribute any Part of the said Monies shall, in respect of the Sums which they shall so respectively advance, be entitled to Interest at such Rate as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall think reasonable and as shall be agreed upon, to be payable half-yearly, and to continue until the Payment ot each respective Principal Sum.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

483

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall cause One or more Bond or Bonds, Note or Notes, or other Security or Securities in Writing, under the Common Seal of the said City, to be delivered to every Person advancing any Part of the said Monies, for the Payment of such Interest in respect thereof until redeemed as is herein-after mentioned, which Notes or other Securities shall be assignable by Indorsement.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall give or cause to be given Notice in the London Gazette, and also in One or more daily Papers published in the City of London or Westminster, of their Intention to pay off such Bonds as shall by virtue of this Act be granted in respect of the said Sum or Sums of Money to be raised as aforesaid; and at the End of Six Calendar Months next after such Notice shall be given, upon Payment or Tender of the respective Principal Sums for which such Bonds shall have been given, together with Interest for the same respectively up to the Day of such Payment or Tender, to or for the Person or Persons then entitled thereto, at the Office of the Chamberlain of the said City, the Interest payable to such Person or Persons respectively shall cease and determine: Provided nevertheless, that such Person or Persons, at any Time after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, shall, at the Expiration of Fourteen Da^s next after a Declaration in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to receive the same shall have been delivered at the said Office, (such Declaration being delivered between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon,) be paid at the said Office the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Bond or Bonds respectively shall have been given, together with Interest for the same Bond or Bonds respectively up to the Day expressed in such Declaration for receiving the same, and such Interest respectively shall, on the Day specified in such Declaration for Payment, cease and determine.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Chamberlain shall enter in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose the Bond or Bonds to be granted in pursuance of this Act, and all Assignments and Transfers thereof, expressing in Words at Length the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Descriptions of such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Bond or Bonds, to which Book and Books all and every Person and Persons entitled to or interested in such Bond or Bonds shall at all reasonable Times in the Day-time have Access, with free Liberty to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be raised and borrowed by virtue of this Act shall be applied for all or any of the Purposes for which the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm is hereinbefore directed to be applied.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm shall be and the same is hereby charged and made chargeable with the Interest which shall be payable in respect of such Sum or Sums of Money

Ii 2 n - as

Common Coun cil to cause Bonds or other Securities to be given, assignable by Indorsement.

Upon Notice of paying off Bonds, and Tenders of the Monies, the Interest to cease.

Securities to be entered in Books.

Application of the Monies which shall be borrowed.

Duty of Id. per Ton charged with such Annuities.

484

Deficiencies to be paid out of the Chamber of London.

Court of Alder* men may make Bye Laws to regulate the Market.

Such Bye Laws to be approved and allowed by One or more of the Judges.

C.lxxvi.

I6 & 2 GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

as aforesaid to be borrowed and raised under or by virtue of this Act, and then with such Principal Sum or Sums.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm shall at any Time hereafter prove insufficient to pay the Interest of the Sum or Sums to be borrowed and raised as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Sum which shall be wanting to complete the Payment of such Interest shall be advanced and paid out of the Chamber of the said City, and be made good and supplied out of the future Produce of the said Duty.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London from Time to Time to make, ordain, and establish such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, and from Time to Time to amend, alter, or repeal the same or any of them, for the regulating, governing, and managing the said Coal Market, and all Erections, Buildings, Works, Matters, and Things thereunto belonging, and also for the regulating of all Officers to be employed in such Market, and all other Persons coming thereto or transacting any Business therein, as to the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall seem just and reasonable, and also from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to repeal, amend, and alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, and also to fix and appoint certain reasonable Penalties or Forfeitures for the Nonobservance or Nonperformance or other Breach of any such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that no such Rule, Order, or Bye Law be repugnant to or inconsistent with the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or contrary to the Directions and Provisions in this Act contained.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Order, Rule, or Bye Law shall be good, valid, or effectual, nor shall any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law be amended, altered, or repealed, unless such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, or any Amendment, Alteration, or Repeal of any such Order, Rule, or Bye Law, shall have been submitted to and allowed and approved of from Time to Time by the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the rest of the Justices of the Court of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the rest of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, or any One or more of them, who are and is hereby empowered and required, on Request from Time to Time to them or him made by or on behalf of the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, to peruse and examine all such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws as shall from Time to Time be made, amended, altered, or repealed by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen in pursuance of this Act, and laid before them or him the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Lord Chief Justice and the rest of the Justices of the Court

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

485

of King's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice and the rest of the Justices of the Court of Common Pleas, and the Lord Chief Baron and the rest of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer, for the Time being, or any One or more of them, and to alter and amend all such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to allow and approve of or disallow and disapprove of the same or any Part thereof, or to allow and approve of or to disallow or disapprove of the Repeal of the Whole or any Part thereof, as to them or him shall from Time to Time seem proper and expedient; and for doing thereof no Fee or Reward shall be paid or taken; and no such Allowance or Approval shall be given unless previous Notice of the Intention to make, amend, alter, or repeal such Orders, Rules, or Bye Laws shall have been given in the London Gazette at least Seven Days before the Date of such Allowance or Approval.

XXaIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Bye Laws to be Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws so to be from Time to Time made, printed and altered, amended, or repealed by the said Court of Lord Mayor published, and Aldermen, shall be printed; and such Orders, Rules, and Bye Laws, and the several Alterations and Amendments made therein, and the Repeal thereof respectively, shall also be made public in such other Manner as the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen shall think proper, and shall from Time to Time order and direct.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Corporation the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council empowered to assembled, from Time to Time to appoint One or more Com- °PPoint Committee or Committees to manage and transact all or any of the mittee8. Matters or Purposes which they the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, are hereby authorized

and required to do, execute, or perform; which Committee or Committees so to be appointed shall have such or so much of the Powers and Authorities by this Act given to the said Mayor,

Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, as they shall think fit or proper to delegate to such Committee or Committees.

XXXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That Persons in-if any Person being a Member of any such Committee shall be terwted not directly or indirectly interested or concerned in any Contract

which shall be made or entered into by or on behalf of such Com- omml mittee, for or concerning any of the Works to be performed or done in pursuance of this Act, or for or concerning any Materials to be used or employed therein, every such Contract shall be void, and the Person who, being a Member of such Committee, shall be so interested or concerned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same.

XXXVII. And whereas certain Sums of Money which have Monies received been received by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-seventh under former Year of the Reign of King George the Third are now in the Act to, le aP* Chamber of the City of London; be it therefore further enacted, P

That the Monies now in the Chamber of London as aforesaid, thi^Act! ° and any Surplus which may hereafter be received by virtue of the said Act, shall be applied in aid of the Fund herein-before directed to be created, or for the Purposes

li 3

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Compensation to be given to Land Coal Meters.

Compensation to Westminster JVfeters.

Superannuations to be continued.

Chamberlain to keep Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements of the Duty on Coals, &c.

XXXVIII. And whereas Compensation should be made to

such of the present Principal and Labouring Land Coal Meters, and the Clerks, Officers, and Persons employed in the Land ' Metage of Coals, as have regularly discharged their Duty, except ' those appointed under the said Act of the Ninth Year of the ' Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, or appointed or continued by the said Act of the First Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Loss of their Offices, ' which will be rendered unnecessary by this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That out of the said Fund, or out of the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury (testified by Writing under his or their Hands) , shall pay such Sums of Money, Annuities, or other Compensation to the Principal and Labouring Land Coal Meters, and the Clerks, Officers, and Persons employed in the Land Metage of Coals, (except as aforesaid, and except those within the District attached to the City and Liberties of Westminster, for whom Provision is hereafter made,) as have regularly discharged their Duty, and whose Offices shall be abolished by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the said Fund, or out of the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall likewise pay such further Sums of Money, Annuities, or other Compensation to the present Principal and Labouring Land Coal Meters, and the Clerks, Officers, and Persons employed in the Land Metage of Coals within the District attached to the Land Coal Meter's Office for the City and Liberties of WestmvnsUry who have regularly discharged their Duty, and whose Offices shall be abolished by virtue of this Act, as the said Lord High Treasurer or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think proper (the same to be certified in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands).

XL. And be it further enacted, That out of the said Fund, or out of the said Duty of One Penny per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall pay to such of the late Principal and Labouring Land Coal Meters, Clerks, Officers, and Persons employed in the Land Metage of Coals, as have been superannuated previous to the passing of this Act, such Suras of Money or Annuities as are now paid and payable to them respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being shall keep One or more Book or Books, m which all the Monies to be received in respect of the aforesaid Duty upon Coals, Cinders, and Culm, and the Monies to be raised or borrowed on the Credit thereof by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time be entered and set down; and wherein also all the Monies to be paid and disbursed out of the Monies received or to be received by virtue of the said last-mentioned Act, or to be received by virtue of this Act, shall from

4 Time

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

487

Time to Time be entered and set down; and such Entries shall specify the Times when, the Occasions for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom, the same shall be so paid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons shall once in each and every Year, or oftener if required, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of the Produce of the said Duty of One Penny per Ton hereby granted and made payable upon Coals, Cinders, and Culm, and also of all Receipts and Disbursements received or paid for on account of the said Market.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals, Cinders, and Culm which shall be sold from and out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London-, or at any Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the General Post Office in the City of London, shall be sold by Weight, and not by Measure.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts or Agreements for the Sale and Delivery of any Quantity of Coals by Measure at any Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, made previous to the First Day of January next after the passing of this Act, and which shall not have been completed by that Period, shall be and continue in full force and virtue, except that such Coals shall be delivered by Weight and not by Measure, and for that Purpose Twenty-five Hundred Weight and the Half of another Hundred Weight shall be considered and taken to be equivalent to One Chaldron: Provided always, that in case the Cargoes of any Ships to which Ship Meters shall have been appointed previously to the First Day of January next shall not have been wholly delivered at that Period, the Cargoes or the Residue of the Cargoes of such Ships shall be delivered from such Ships by Measure in the same Manner as if this Act had not been

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Seller or Sellers of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall knowingly sell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not, within the said Port of London, or at any Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, every such Seller or Sellers of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds per Ton for every Ton of Coals so sold, and so in proportion for any smaller Quantity; and such Seller or Sellers of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty imposed by the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, on jvery Person who shall knowingly sell one Sort of Coals for and as a Sort which they really are not: Provided always, that no Seller or Sellers of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals shall be subject to such Penalty for or in respect of any Number of Tons exceeding Twenty-five Tons for the same Offence.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Lighterman or Lightermen to enter into

Ii 4 any

Accounts to be laid before Parliament

Coals shall be sold by Weight.

Existing Contracts for Coals to be completed by Weight instead 6t Measure

For preventing the Sale of one Sort of Coals for another.

Penalty 10/.

3 G. 2. c. 26.

Lightermen may carry on Partnership

488

C. lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

with Coil Dealers.

Seller's Ticket to be sent with Coals.

any Copartnership with any Woodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, in the Trade or Business of a Coal Dealer or Coal Dealers, and to carry on as Copartner or Copartners with such Person or Persons such Trade or Business of a Coal Dealer or Dealers, and to keep, use, and employ as such Copartners their own Lighters, Barges, or other Craft in and for the carrying of Coals to and from any such Ship or other Vessel in the River Thames, and to and from any Wharf, Dock. Creek, or other Place whatsoever on or near the said River Thames, without being subject to any Penalty or Penalties for any such joint trading together, any Act, Statute, Bye Law, or Ordinance whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to authorize or empower any Lighterman or Lightermen to be or become jointly interested with any Woodmonger or Woodmongers, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, (not being a Lighterman or Lightermen,) in the Trade or Business of carrying in Lighters, Barges, or other Craft for Hire any Sort or Description of Goods whatsoever, other than and except only such Coals as may be lightered by them in their said Trade of Coal Dealers.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That with any Quantity of Coals exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds delivered from any Lighter, Ship, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place, within the Cities of London and, or within the Distance of Twenty five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, the Seller or Sellers thereof shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or Servant or Servants, immediately on the Arrival of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or Lighter, Barge, or Craft, in which such Coals shall be sent, and before any of such Coals shall be unloaded, a Paper or Ticket in the Form following; (that is to say,)

4 Mr. A.B *, [here insert the Name of the Buyer,]

4 'PAKE Notice, That you are to receive herewith [here insert the Number] Tons [here insert the Name of the Coal, if any particular Sort is ordered or contracted for, and, if ordered or contracted for as Walls End, specify the Name of the Colliery]

4 Coals in [here insert the Number] Sacks containing [here insert the Weight] Pounds of Coal in each Sack.

4 Signed C.D. [here insert the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers in Words at full Length.)

4 E.F. [here insert the Name of the Carman in Words at full Length]

4 The Act of the Second William the Fourth, Chapter directs, that with any Quantity of Coals exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds, a Paper or Ticket describing the Quantity, and, if any particular Sort is ordered or contracted for, the Sort of the Coals sent by the Seller, shall be delivered to the Purchaser, or his Agent or Servant, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded; that a Weighing Machine shall be carried with every Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, and the

4 Carman

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvL

489

Carman is required to weigh gratuitously any Sack or Sacks of

Coals which shall be chosen by the Purchaser, or his Agent

or Servant; and if any Carman refuses to weigh such Sack or

Sacks of Coals as aforesaid, or drives away the Waggon, Cart,

or other Carriage before the Coals are weighed, or otherwise obstructs the weighing thereof, he is liable to a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds. '

And in case any such Seller or Sellers do not deliver or cause to be delivered such Ticket as aforesaid to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals are unloaded, every such Seller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case the Carman, Driver of, or other Person attending any such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or the Person having the Charge of the Lighter, Barge, or Craft, laden with any such Coals, to whom any such Ticket shall have been given by or by the Orders of the Seller, in order to be delivered to the Purchaser, shall (having so first received the same from the Seller, or any Person by the Direction of the Seller,) refuse or neglect to deliver such Ticket to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or to his, her, or their Servant or Servants, before any Part of such Coals shall be unloaded, such Carman, Driver, or other Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals delivered to any Seller or Dealer in Coals, or to any Person or Persons purchasing the same at the Coal Market, may be delivered without any such Paper or Ticket.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals sold from any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, in any Quantity exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds, except Coals carried and delivered in Bulk as herein after mentioned, shall be carried and delivered to the respective Purchasers thereof in Sacks, each Sack containing either One hundred and twelve Pounds, or Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds net: Provided always, that Coals delivered by Gang Labour may be conveyed in Sacks containing any Weight; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Coals sold from any Ship, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf or Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, in any Quantity exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds, may be carried and delivered to the respective Purchasers thereof, if they think fit, in Bulk in Carts or other Carriages, or in any Lighter, Barge, or other Craft: Provided also, that in every Case where any such Coals shall be carried and delivered in any Cart or other Carriage in Bulk as aforesaid, the Weight of such Cart or other Carriage, as well as of the Coals contained therein, shall be previously ascertained by a Weighing Machine fixed for that Purpose on the Wharf or Place from which the Coals shall be brought; and the Seller s Ticket shall in such

Cases

Penalty on Seller for Neglect;

on Carman.

Coals to be delivered in Sacks containing a certain Quantity.

Coals may be delivered in Bulk.

C'.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Carman to weigh the Carriage and the Coals, if required.

Penalty on

Deficiency in Weight of Coala.

Cases state the Weight of the Cart or other Carriage, as well as the Weight of the Coals contained therein; and if any Sellers or Dealers in Coals shall carry or deliver to the Purchaser or Purchasers, by any Cart or other Carriage, any Quantity of Coals exceeding Five hundred and sixty Pounds in Bulk, without having a Weighing Machine fixed up on his Wharf or Place, or without having previously ascertained by such Weighing Machine the Weight of the Cart or other Carriage, and the Weight of the Coals contained therein, then and in every such Case such Seller or Dealer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which any Coals exceeding in Quantity Five hundred and sixty Pounds shall be carried in Bulk, for Delivery to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, from any Ship, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Cities of London and Wwfonin$tery or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, shall (in case he shall be required so to do by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers,) weigh the Waggon or other Carriage, with the Coals therein, at any public Weighing Machine for Carts or Carriages which may be situate on the Road between the Place from which the Coals shall be brought and the Place of Delivery, or at any Point within the Distance of One hundred Yards from any Part of such Road; and such Carmau or Driver is also hereby directed (in case he shall be required so to do by the Purchaser or Purchasers, or any such other Person or Persons as aforesaid,) to weigh in like Manner the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, without the Coals, at any public Weighing Machine for Carts or Carriages which may be situate as aforesaid; and if any such Carman or Driver shall neglect or refuse when so required as aforesaid to weigh the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, either with or without the Coals, at any public Weighing Machine for Carts and Carriages which may be situate as aforesaid, such Carman or Driver shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds: Provided always, that no Carman or Driver shall be compelled or obliged to weigh the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, without the Coals, until after the same shall have been delivered, and that no such Carman or Driver shall be obliged to go back or return to any such public Weighing Machine as aforesaid, for the Purpose of weighing the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, either with or without the Coals, after he shall have passed the same.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if in any Case where any Coals shall be delivered in Bulk to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, from any Ship, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, a less Quantity shall be delivered than shall be expressed in the Ticket to be delivered therewith as aforesaid, the Seller or Sellers shall for every such Offence

forfeit

C.lxxvi.

491

forfeit iray Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if the Deficiency shall exceed Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds, the Seller or Sellers shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage laden with Coals for Sale, or to be delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, by any Seller or Sellers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of Coals from any Ship, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the said Port of London, or within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, shall not have placed in, on, or under his Cart, Waggon, pr Carriage a perfect Weighing Machine marked at Guildnall London by the proper Officer there, for which the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and no more, (which Machine shall be of the Form, Size, and Dimensions of the Machine approved by the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and deposited at the Office of the Hall Keeper of the City of London, to which any Person shall have Access between the Hours of Ten in the Morning and Two in the Afternoon, and shall be provided by the Seller or Sellers, Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals,) then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage not having such Machine so placed therein, thereon, or thereunder, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the Seller or Sellers of, or Dealer or Dealers in, or Carrier or Carriers of such Coals shall forfeit and pay any Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds: Provided always, that Coals which shall be carried or conveyed in Bulk, or in any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage belonging to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, may be so carried or conveyed without the Carman being obliged to carry a Weighing Machine therewith, or any Person or Persons being subject or liable to any Penalty or Penalties in respect thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times it shall appear to the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, that a Weighing Machine may be made upon a better or more convenient Principle or Mode of Construction than the Machine for the Time being, deposited at the Office of the Hall Keeper of the said City, they may, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, cause a Machine according to such better or more convenient Principle or Mode of Construction to be deposited in the said Office of the Hall Keeper in lieu of the Machine for the Time being deposited there, and shall cause Notice of the Deposit of such new Machine to be given by Advertisement in the London Gazette; and until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after such Advertisement the Machine to be placed and carried as aforesaid in any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage may be either similar to such new Machine, or similar to the Machine in lieu of which the same shall have been deposited; and after the Expiration

of

Carman to carry a Weighing Machine in his Cart.

Penalty on Carman;

on Seller.

Weighing Machine may be altered.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

of such Three Calendar Months the Machine to be placed and carried as aforesaid shall be similar to such new Machine.

Carman ra-

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the quired to weigh Carman or Driver of any Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in Myotwhich Coals shall be carried in Sacks for Delivery to the Pur-, n e chaser or Purchasers thereof, from any Ship, Lighter, Barge, or

other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, shall and he is hereby directed to weigh, if he shall be required so to do, any One or more of the Sacks contained in any such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, which may be chosen by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting on the Behalf of such Purchaser or Purchasers, with the Cods therein, and also afterwards to weigh in like Manner such Sack without any Coals therein. Penalty on Car-

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Carman or Driver man for driving of any Cart or Waggon or other Carriage in which Coals shall carried in Sacks for Delivery to the ^lrchaser or Purchasers ing, ^requroL ^ereo^ from any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, Barge, or other Craft, or from any Wharf, Warehouse, or other Place within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to weigh by the said Machine any such Sack or Sacks of Coals in manner herein-before directed, when thereunto required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or by his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons acting by, for, or under the Authority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer the said Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to be driven away, without weighing m manner herein directed the said Sack or Sacks of Coals, or shall hinder, obstruct, or otherwise prevent the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, or his, her, or their Servant, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, from examining the said Machine, or weighing all or any of the Sack or Sacks of Coals in such his Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, then and in every such Case every such Carman or Driver so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

All the Co«l*

LVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

hedT'f Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants,

desmriby the or other Person or Persons acting by, for, or under the Au-

Purchaser. thority of such Purchaser or Purchasers, who shall require any

Sack or Sacks of Coals to be weighed as aforesaid, shall find the Coals therein to be deficient in Weight, and shall signify to the Carman or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage his, her, or their Desire to have all the Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, or any Part of such Coals, weighed or re-weighed in the Presence of some Constable, Police Officer, or other indifferent and credible Person, then and in every such Case the Carman or Driver of such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage in which such Coals shall be brought shall and he is hereby required to continue and remain at or before the

House,

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

493

House* Lodging, or other Premises of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, with such Coals, and the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, until such Coals are weighed; and if any such Carman or Driver shall drive away, or permit or suffer to be driven away, such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, before the Coals contained therein shall be weighed, without the Consent of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Carman or Driver shall for every such Offence forfeit and Day any Sum not exceeding Twenty rounds.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Servant or Servants, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, so desiring such Coals contained in such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage to be weighed, shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to procure the Attendance of some Constable, Police Officer, or other indifferent and credible Person, to be present at the weighing of such Coals; and all the said Sacks, both with and without the Coals therein, shall accordingly be weighed with the said Machine by the Carman or other Person attending such Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, in the Presence of the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Coals, or of his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, if they or any of them shall attend to see the same weighed, and of such Constable, Police Officer, or other Person; and in case such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, Agents or Servants, shall not attend for the Purpose of seeing such Coals so weighed, then such Carman or other Person shall proceed in the weighing of such Sacks in his, her, or their Absence; and in case such Carman or other Person shall refuse or neglect to weigh such Sacks, or any of them, in manner aforesaid, he shall forfeit and pay for such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and the Constable, Police Officer, or any other Person who may be present, may weigh the said Sacks, or any of them, as aforesaid; and in case upon the weighing of any such Sack it shall happen that any Sack or Sacks shall not contain either One hundred and twelve Pounds or Two hundred and twenty-four Pounds net of Coals, as the Case may be, then and in every such Case the Seller or Sellers of such Coals shall for every such Sack of Coals that shall be so found deficient forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Coals sold in any Quantity less than Five hundred and sixty Pounds, or in the Quantity of Five hundred and sixty Pounds, from any Place, or from any Cart or other Carriage, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, shall be weighed previous to being delivered to the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Coals, and also, if required by such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, in the Presence of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant; and if any Seller or Dealer in Coals shall deliver to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid, any Quantity of Coals less than Five hundred and sixty Pounds, or

the

Purchaser to procure the Attendance of a Constable, &c. if desirous of having the Cools re-weighed.

No Quantity less than 560 Pounds Weight of Coals to be sold without being weighed.

C.bavi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Weighing Machines to be kept at Watch-houses and Police Stations.

Charter of 3 James I.

the Quantity of Five hundred and sixty Pounds, without previously weighing the same, and also, if required by such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, in the Presence of such Purchaser or Purchasers, or his, her, or their Agent or Servant, then and in every such Case such Seller or Dealer shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That a proper Machine or proper Scales and Weights for weighing Coals shall be kept at every Watch-house or Police Station, or at any other Place or Places which shall from Time to Time be appointed by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Cities or Counties, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or within the Distance of Twenty-five Miles from the Post Office aforesaid; and the same shall be provided and kept in repair from Time to Time by the Overseers of the Poor of the Township, Parish, Precinct, or Place in which such Watch-house Station, or such other Place or Places as aforesaid, shall be situate, out of the Rate for the Relief of the Poor of such Township, Parish, Precinct, or Place, and shall and may be used at any Time or Times, for weighing, in such Township, Parish, Precinct, or Place, any Coals respecting which there may be any Dispute; and in case the Overseers of any such Township, Parish, Precinct, or Place shall not provide and send to such Watch-house Station, or such other Place or Places as aforesaid, such a Machine, on or before the First Day of January after the passing of this Act, or if such Overseer shall not cause such Machine to be repaired or a new Machine to be provided within Seven Days after Notice of the Want thereof in Writing shall have been given to them, or left at their usual Places of Abode, by any Police Officer, or any Inhabitant of such Township, Parish, Precinct, or Place, such Overseers shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LX. And whereas by a Charter of His Majesty King James the First, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of August in the Third

Year of His Reign, after reciting that the Mayor and Common *

alty and Citizens of the City of London, from all the Time

whereof the Memory of Man was not to the contrary, had had and exercised, and ought and had been accustomed to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and the Conservancy of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about the same Water of Thames, (to wit,) from the Bridge of the Town of Staines in the County of Middlesex Westwards to London Bridge,

and thence to a certain Place called Yendall, otherwise Yenland,

otherwise Yenleete, towards the Sea and Eastwards, and in the Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon every Bank and upon every Shore and every Wharf of the same Water of Thames within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid,

and in, upon, and about each and every of the same, and also by all the Time aforesaid had had and taken, and ought and had been accustomed to have and take, to their own Use, by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the

4 Time

A.D. 18S1.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi

495

4 Time ef hie Mayoralty, or by hit sufficient Deputies, all the Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits pertaining and belonging to the same Office of Bailiff; and also reciting that the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, from all the Time aforesaid, had had and exercised, and ought and had been accustomed to hare and exercise, the Office of Measurer, and the measuring of all and singular Coals, and Grains of every Kind, and also of all Kinds of Salt, and all Kinds of Apples, Pears, Plums, and other Fruits whatsoever, and of all eatable Roots of every Kind, and also of Onions, and of all other Merchandizes, Wares, and Things

whatsoever measurable, and the measuring of the same whatsoever, landing, conveyed, or brought in or to the Port of the said City of London upon the said Water of Thames, in every Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever, floating, laden,

remaining, or being on every Part of the same Water of Thames, and upon every Bank or every Shore or every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, which should happen to stop, remain, and be delivered or set down from the aforesaid Bridge of the said

Town of Staines in the said County of Middlesex Westwards to the aforesaid London Bridge, and thence to the aforesaid Place

called Yendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yenleete, towards the Sea and Eastwards, and in the Medway, and in the said Port of

the City of London aforesaid, exercising and occupying the same Office of Measurer and the measuring aforesaid by the Mayor of

the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, and also by all the same Time had had and taken and ought and had been accustomed to have and take, to their own Use by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty,

or by his sufficient Deputies, all the Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits to the same Office of Measurer belonging and appertaining; and nevertheless the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens then a short Time ago were disturbed therein, and

were unjustly hindered in some of the Measurings aforesaid, and especially in the aforesaid Office of the measuring of Coals, 4 supposing that that Office to the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens did not anciently pertain, nor did still pertain or belong, by any lawful Grant or Prescription, where in Truth it plainly and manifestly appeared that that Office and all the other Premises did anciently pertain and belong, and did then of Right pertain to them, and that they had lawfully taken, had, and enjoyed, and ought to take, have, and enjoy, the Wages, Rewards, 4 Fees, and Profits thereof; His said Majesty, in order to put an end to all Controversy in that Behalf then and at all Times thereafter, and to set aside all Doubt, and to the Intent that the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens might more securely,

freely, and quietly have, use, exercise, and enjoy the Offices aforesaid and every of them, and the measuring aforesaid, and the Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits to the same Offices and measuring belonging, and all and singular the other recited Premises, to them and their Successors for ever, without Contradiction, Let, or Impeachment in anywise of His said Majesty or of His Heirs or Successors, the Admirals of England, Justices, Escheators, Bailiffs, Sheriffs, or other Officers or Minister *

4 of

496

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

of His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, whomsoever; and ' because it was His said Majesty's Pleasure to show Favour to ' the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens in this Behalf,

1 and rather to strengthen, increase, and amplify than diminish

the Liberties, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Privileges, and Customs

of the City aforesaid, His said Majesty, of His especial Grace ' and certain Knowledge and mere Motion, did, for Him, His

Heirs and Successors, approve, allow, ratify, and confirm by the said Charter now in recital all and singular the Offices and

Measurings aforesaid, and the other recited Premises, and the ' Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits thereof belonging or per-

taining, and the Uses and Customs aforesaid, to the said Mayor

and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their ' Successors; and further, of His said Majesty's especial Grace, ' and of His certain Knowledge and mere Motion, His said Majesty had granted, and by the said Charter now in recital, for

Him, His Heirs and Successors, did grant, to the aforesaid

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, that ' they the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and ' their Successors, might from Time to Time for ever exercise ' and execute the aforesaid Office of Bailiff and the Conservancy of the Water of Thames by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about the same Water of Thames,

4 (to wit,) from the aforesaid Bridge of the Town of Staines in the County of Middlesex Westwards to London Bridge, and

thence to a certain Place called Yendall, otherwise Yenland, 4 otherwise Yenleete, towards the Sea and Eastwards, and in the Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon every Bank and upon every Shore and every Wharf of the same Water of Thames within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid,

and in, upon, and about each and every of the same, and to have, 4 receive, collect, and enjoy all and singular the WTages, Rewards, 4 Fees, and Profits to the same Office of Bailiff pertaining and belonging, to the proper Use of the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies; and also, of His Majesty's further especial Grace, and of His certain Knowledge and mere Motion, His said Majesty had granted, and by the said Charter now in recital, 4 for Him, His Heirs and Successors, did grant, to the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, that they the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, might peacefully and quietly from Time to Time for ever exercise and execute the aforesaid Office of Measurer of all and singular Coals, and all and singular Grains of every Kind, and of all Kinds of Salt, and all Kinds of Apples, 4 Pears, Plums, and other Fruits whatsoever, and of all eatable Roots of every Kind, and also Onions, and all other Merchant dizes, Wares, and Things whatsoever measurable, and the measuring of the same whatsoever, landed, conveyed, or brought in or to the Port of the said City of London upon the said Water of Thames, in every Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel floating,

laden, remaining, or being on whatever Part of the same Water

4 of

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

of Thames, and upon whatever Bank or Whatever Shore or whatever Wharf of the same Water of Thames they should happen to stop, remain, be delivered, or set down, from the aforesaid ' Bridge of the said Town of Staines in the said County of Middlesex Westwards to the aforesaid London Bridge, and thence

to the aforesaid Place called YendaU, otherwise Yerdand, otherwise YerUeete, towards the Sea and Eastwards, and in the Med- wag, and in the said Port of the City of London, by the Mayor

of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, and might have, ' receive, collect, and enjoy all and singular the Fees, Wages,

Rewards, and Profits whatsoever pertaining and belonging to the same Offices and Measurings, and to every or either of them, to the Use of the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, to be received and perceived

by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, without Impeachment of His said Majesty, or His Heirs or Successors, or any Officers, Bailiffs, or Ministers of His said Majesty, or His Heirs and Successors, or the Admirals of England of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or other Subjects of His said Majesty or His Successors whomsoever, or of any Grant by His said Majesty or His Heirs or Successors to be

made to the contrary; to have, hold, and enjoy the Office aforesaid, and all and singular the other Premises, with all and singular Wages, Rewards, Fees, Profits, and Appurtenances what-

soever belonging or pertaining to the same Offices and every or either of them, to the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, for ever, to be exercised and executed by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, without rendering or making any Account thereof or any other Thing to His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors,

so that no other Bailiff or Conservator of the Water aforesaid, or Measurer of Coals, Grains, Salt, Apples, Pears, Plums, eatable Roots, Onions, or other Merchandizes, Wares, or other Thing or Things above mentioned, be or in anywise intermeddle

himself in the Premises or any of them; and His said Majesty,

willing to show more abundant Favour to the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, of His said Majesty's special Grace, and of His certain Knowledge and mere Motion, His said Majesty did, for Himself, His Heirs and Successors, grant, and by the said Charter now in recital confirm, to the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, that

although the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, or their

Predecessors, in any Case arising thitherto, had not fully used or had perchance abused the Offices aforesaid, or any one or other of the Offices or Measurings aforesaid, or any Thing or t Things to the same or either of them pertaining or belonging, nevertheless the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, and their Successors, might thenceforth freely, quietly, and peace-

fully enjoy and use the Offices aforesaid so not used, or abused, and every of them, and the Measurings aforesaid so not used,

or abused, and every of them, without Let or Hindrance of His

1 & 2 Gul. IV. K k 4 said

497

C. lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

408

Charter,

12 Jamec I.

said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the Admirals of England of His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, the Justices, Es-

cheators, Sheriffs, or other Bailifts, Officers, or Ministers of His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, whomsoever; any Statutes or Ordinances passed, or Judgments rendered, or any Charters of His said Majesty's Progenitors or Predecessors, in past Times made or granted to the contrary, notwithstanding ' that express Mention was not made of the true yearly Value or of any other Value or Certainty of the Premises or any of them, or of any Gifts or Grants made before those Times by His said Majesty or any of His Progenitors or Predecessors to the

aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London aforesaid, and not made in the said Charter now in recital, or any Statute, Act, Ordinance, Provision, Proclamation, 4 or Restriction, to the contrary thereof, thitherto had, made, 4 passed, ordained, or provided, or any other Thing, Cause, or Matter whatsoever, in anywise notwithstanding: And whereas by another Charter of His said Majesty King James the First, 4 bearing Date the Fifteenth Day of December in the Twelfth Year of His Reign, after reciting that so great was the Force of His said Majesty's Love towards the City of London, His Royal Chamber, that whatever in His said Majesty lied, which he had deemed necessary or useful to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of His same City, He had freely of His own Mind been inclined to give and bestow it upon the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, and His said Majesty's Pleasure was, not only to confirm but also to amplify the Grants in all past Times made by His Predecessors to His City of London; therefore, when, among other Things, it wassufficiently manifest to His said Majesty that the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of His City of London, from all Times whereof the Memory of Man was not to the contrary, had had and lawfully exercised, and ought to have and exercise, the Office of Measurer and the measuring of all and singular Coals, 4 of whatever Kind, Nature, and Species soever they were, landed, 4 conveyed, or brought in or to the Port of the said City upon the Water of Thames, in every Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever, floating, laden, remaining, or being on every Part of the same Water of Thames, and upon every Bank or every Shore or every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, from the Bridge of the Town of Staines in the County of Middlesex Westwards to London Bridge aforesaid, and thence to a certain Place called Yendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yenleete, towards

the Sea and Eastwards, and in the Medway, and in the Port of the City of London, nevertheless a Question had then very lately arisen whether the weighing of Coals brought within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, together with the measuring of Coals, 4 pertained to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City; His said Majesty therefore, in order to put an end to all Controversy in that Behalf then and at all Times thereafter, and to set aside all Doubt, and to the Intent that the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid might have, 4 use, perceive, and enjoy as well the weighing as the measuring, and every or either of them, and the Wages, Fees, and Profits

8 4 usual

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV.*

C.lxxvi,

499

usual for the same, of His said Majesty's especial Grace and

certain Knowledge and mere Motion, had given, granted, and confirmed, and by the said Charter now in recital, for His said Majesty, and His Heirs and Successors, did give, grant, and confirm, to His beloved the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London aforesaid, and their Successors, the weighing of all and singular Coals called Stone Coals, Pit Coals, Earth Coals, and all other Coals weighable, of what Kind, Nature, and Species soever they were, landed, conveyed, or brought in or to the Port of the said City of London upon the aforesaid Water of Thames, in every Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever,

floating, laden, remaining, or being on either Side of the same Water of Thames, and upon every Bank or every Shore or every Wharf of the said Water of Thames, from the Bridge of the Town of Staines in the County of Middlesex aforesaid Westwards to London Bridge aforesaid, and thence to the aforesaid Place called YendaU, otherwise Yenlandy otherwise Yenleete, towards the Sea, and in the Medway, and in the Port of London aforesaid,

4 to be sold or exposed to Sale, and also the Fees, Wages, Rewards, Profits, and Advantages usual or thereunto belonging or in anywise appertaining, to be exercised by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, and by the Deputies, Officers,

and Ministers of the same Mayor; and further, of His said Majesty's more abundant Grace, and of His certain Knowledge and mere Motion, His said Majesty had given, granted, and confirmed, and by the Charter now in recital, for Him, His Heirs and Successors, did give, grant, and confirm, to the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their Successors, that they and their Successors for ever might have and enjoy, and should and might be able to have and enjoy, the Office of the weighing of all and singular Coals called Stone Coals, Pit Coals, Earth Coals, and all other Coals weighs able, of whatever Kind, Nature, or Species soever they were, 4 landed, conveyed, or brought in or to the Port of the said City of London upon the aforesaid Water of Thames, in every Ship, 4 Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever, floating, laden, remaining, or being on every Part of the same Water of Thames, and upon every Bank or every Shore or every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, from the Bridge of the Town of Staines in the County of Middlesex aforesaid Westwards to London Bridge aforesaid, and thence to the aforesaid Place called Yendally otherwise Yenlandy otherwise Yenleetey towards the Sea, and in the Meduoay, and in the Port of London aforesaid, to be sold or exposed to Sale, and also all the Fees, Wages, Rewards, 4 Profits, Advantages, and Emoluments whatsoever usual or to the same Office belonging or in anywise pertaining, to be exercised by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, and by the Deputies, Officers, and Ministers of the same Mayor; and also of His said Majesty's further especial Grace, and of His certain Knowledge and mere Motion, His said Majesty had appointed, ordained, and made, and by the said Charter now in recital, for His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, did appoint, ordain, create, and make the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London

500

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

aforesaid, and their Successors, by the Mayor of the same City ' for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by

the Deputies, Officers, Ministers, and Servants of the same

Mayor for the Time being, to be Weighers of all and singular ' Coals called Stone Coals, Pit Coals, Earth Coals, and all other 1 Coals weighable, and to have and exercise and execute the

weighing of all and singular Coals called Stone Coals, Pit Coals, 4 Earth Coals, and all other Coals weighable, of what Kind,

4 Nature, or Species soever they were, landed, conveyed, or brought in or to the Port of the said City of London upon the aforesaid Water of Thames, in every Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever, floating, laden, remaining, or being on every Part of the same Water of Thames, and upon every Bank or every Shore or every Wharf of the same Water of Thames,

which should happen to stop, remain, and be delivered or set down from the aforesaid Bridge of Staines in the said County of Middlesex Westwards, and thence to the aforesaid Place called Yendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yenleete, towards the Sea,

and in the Medway, and in the Port of London aforesaid, to be sold or exposed to Sale; and reciting that a Question had arisen respecting the Quantity of the Fee asked, taken, and received by the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, and by his Deputies, Ministers, Servants, and Officers, for the weighing of every Ton Weight of Coals weighable, computing Twenty Hundred Weight (each Hundred Weight containing Five Score and Twelve Pounds Weight) to every Ton Weight, brought within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid; His said Majesty,

entirely to put an end to all Question of the kind, did, of His 4 especial Grace, and of His certain Knowledge and mere Motion,

declare, establish, and for Him, His Heirs and Successors, grant to the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their Successors, that it should and might be fully lawful to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their Successors, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, and by the Deputies, Ministers, 4 Officers, and Servants of such Mayor for the Time being, to ask, demand, take, receive, and have the Fee of Eight-pence of lawful Money of England to the Use of the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their Successors, for the weighing of every the like Ton of Coals aforesaid, and of all other Coals weighable, of every Kind, and so 4' according to the Rate aforesaid for a greater or less Quantity,

of the Person who should bring the like Coals, for and in respect of the Charge and Cost of the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London aforesaid, and their Successors, for Scales, and for and in respect of their Attendance, f Labour, and other necessary Costs and Expences taken and expended in and about the Premises, which said Fee of Eightpence the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the 1 City aforesaid had thitherto had and perceived, and did theni

have and perceive, for the weighing of a like Ton of Coals; anci also His said Majesty did command, and by the said Charter now in recital, for Him, His Heirs and Successors, firmly orde(; and enjoin, all and singular Merchants and other Persons what, -

soever

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. lxxvi.

soever bringing and about to bring Coals called Sea Coals, 4 Stone Coals, Pit Coals, Earth Coals, or any other Coals, of what Kind, Nature, or Species soever they were, in or within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, upon the Water of Thames aforesaid, in any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel whatsoever, being within the same Limits, that neither they nor any of them should thenceforth deliver or set down, nor presume or cause or permit such Coals called Sea Coals, Pit Coals, Stone Coals, and Earth Coals, or other Coals, of whatsoever Kind they were, to be unladen, discharged, delivered, or set down, from or out of the same Ships, Boats, or other Vessels, being within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, in the Water of Thames aforesaid, upon every Wharf, Bank, or Shore on either Side of the same Water of Thames within the Limits aforesaid, or otherwise to be carried away or set down out of the same Ships, Boats, or other Vessels, 4 before the Mayor of His City aforesaid for the Time being should have received certain Notice of the Quantity of all such Coals so brought in any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel whatsoever within the Limits aforesaid, and should have given Direction for unlading the like Coals, and for the weighing or measuring of the like Coals, according to the Nature and Quality of the same Coals, to the Intent that the same Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being, according to the Duty of his Office, could and might be able to render a better and readier Reckoning and Account to His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, of what Quantity of Coals of every Kind from Time to Time had been brought into the Port of His City of London aforesaid, and within the Limits aforesaid, and in what Manner the aforesaid City of London, His Royal Chamber, and the Parts and Places near and immediately adjoining the Port of the same City, were from Time to Time and at all Times provided, if Occasion should so require, and at any Time His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, should demand the same of the Mayor of the City aforesaid for the Time being; and also to the Intent that the Money to be taken, and the other Profits due to His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the like Coals or any of them so brought and to be brought within the Limits aforesaid, (if any there should 4 be,) might be better answered for and paid to the Officers and Ministers of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to the Use of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, on pain of Contempt of His Royal Command, and of incurring all such Pains and Penalties as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm of England could be inflicted against the like Offenders for Disregard and Contempt; and also reciting, that because it was notoriously well known that the River Thames was so necessary, 4 convenient, and useful to the City of London aforesaid, that without the said River the said City could not long subsist, 4 flourish, and continue, and that by the forestalling, engrossing, and regrating of Coals brought in or to the Port of the said City upon the Water of Thames aforesaid, the like Coals were rendered dearer, to the great Loss and Prejudice as well of His 4 said- Majesty as of His Subjects; and further reciting, that divers ill-disposed Persons, looking more to their own private Advantage

502

C.lxxvi.

P & 2o GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

vantage and Profit than to the general and public Good and Benefit of His City aforesaid, and by no means regarding the

Conservancy of the same River, did with Impunity, and then

daHy, usually sell Coals and other Things of that Sort by Retail in a less Quantity, in Boats commonly called Lighters, and other Vessels, floating, placed, and being in and upon the Water of Thames aforesaid, after the like Coals had been unladen from

the Ships and other Vessels which at first brought the same Coals and other Things of that Sort within the Limits and

Bounds abovesaid, upon the Water of Thames aforesaid, which said Persons made the Boats commonly called Lighters, and other Vessels, as it were their common Shops and Warehouses,

and in the same did daily hold, upon the Water of Thames aforesaid, a common Market for the Sale of the like Coals and other Things of that Sort, having One, Two, Three, and sometimes more Boats commonly called Lighters, and other Vessels, lying and affixed one to the other in the River Thames aforesaid, by which the forestalling, Monopoly, and regrating aforesaid growed and increased every Day, to the great Deception, Loss,

and Oppression as well of the rich as the poor, and the Prices of the Coals and other Things were augmented and rendered dearer; and that by the frequent Importation, carrying away,

measuring, and weighing the like Coals and other Things of that Sort into and out of the same Boats commonly called Lighters,

and other Vessels, a great many of the same Coals and other Filth very often fell and were thrown into the River Thames, to the great Nuisance and choking up of the Stream of the same River, and the aforesaid Boats and other Vessels so placed greatly impeded, as well the Course of the Stream of the River aforesaid as the Passage of those passing by upon the Water

of the same River; His said Majesty therefore, considering it just that so great an Evil ought not longer to be permitted to continue, but should as quickly as possible be put an end to and removed, did firmly order and enjoin, and for Him, His 4 Heirs and Successors, prohibit, all and singular Persons whatsoever, that neither they nor any of them should thenceforth sell nor presume to sell any Coals of any Kind whatever upon the Water of Thames, in any Boat commonly called Lighters,

or in any other Vessel whatsoever, except only in the same Ships or other Vessels which at first brought the like Coals within the Port of the City aforesaid, and within the Limits and Bounds abovesaid, and not otherwise, unless upon some Port, Quay, or Wharf near the River aforesaid, under pain of Contempt of His Royal Command, and of incurring such Pains and Penalties as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm could be inflicted against the like Offenders for Disregard and Contempt; and because His said Majesty's Intention was that the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their Successors, should fully enjoy the Premises aforesaid, His said Majesty therefore, by the said Charter now in recital, did declare and signify His Will and Pleasure, and will, and for Him, His Heirs and Successors, grant and agree,

4 to and with the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their Successors, that the same Mayor

and

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

503

and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, and their ' Successors, might securely peacefully, and quietly have,

exercise, enjoy, and use all and singular the Premises above

mentioned, to them and their Successors for ever, without Hindrance of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any Officers or Ministers of His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and without making or rendering any Account thereof or any other Thing to His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and if it should happen that any Defect in the said Charter now in recital were thereafter found, or any Doubt,

4 Ambiguity, or Question respecting the Premises arose or were made, His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, would vouchsafe to grant and make other Letters Patent under the Great Seal of England, of Him, His Heirs or Successors, to the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid,

and their Successors, for the better Donation, Grant, and Confirmation, and for the more secure Enjoyment of the Premises,

whenever it should be desired by the same Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, or their Successors,

that express Mention of the true yearly Value, or of the Certainty of the Premises or any of them, or of other Gifts or Grants before those Times made by His said Majesty, or any of His Progenitors or Ancestors, to the aforesaid Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City aforesaid, was not made in the said Charter now in recital, or any Statute, Act, Ordi-

nance, Provision, Proclamation, or Restriction, to the contrary thereof, thitherto had, made, passed, ordained, or provided,

or any other Thing, Cause, or Matter whatsoever, in anywise notwithstanding: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Fifth and Sixth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, it was enacted, that for all Sorts of Coals which should be imported or brought into the Port of the said City of London, or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City, upon the same River,

4 to be sold by the Chaldron or Ton, there should be paid, by way of Imposition thereupon, according to the Rates and Duties after mentioned; (that is to say,) for all such Sorts of Coals or Culm as were usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof which should be imported from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand six hundred and ninety-four the Sum of Four-pence Metage for ever, over and above what was then lawfully paid for the Metage thereof, which said Sum should be paid in like Manner as the then present Duty for Metage was or had been accustomed to be paid, and from Time to Time be paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City by the Officer and Officers receiving the said Metage; and for all such Sort of Coals or Culm which should be imported into the said Port or Members thereof from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand seven hundred, '(over and above all other Impositions and Duties, t and the above-mentioned Sum of Four-pence,) the further Sum t of Sixpence for every Chaldron thereof; and for such Sort of Coals as were sold by the Ton, foj* every Ton thereof containing

5 & 6 W. & M. c. 10.

504

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Twenty Hundred Weight, the like Sum of Sixpence; which said ' Imposition of Sixpence should continue from the said Twenty-

ninth Day of September for and during the Term of Fifty Years and no longer; and the said Imposition of Sixpence per Chal-

dron was to be answered and paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens by the Master, Owner or Owners, or other ' Person or Persons taking charge of any Ship or Vessel whereupon the same should be laden, before they should break Bulk, or ' have a Meter assigned for the measuring or weighing any Coals ' to be as aforesaid delivered from on board such Ship or Vessel,

the same to be paid at such Place or Places as by the said Mayor and Court of Aldermen should from Time to Time be appointed, within the said City or Liberties thereof, for the Receipt thereof, upon Receipt whereof the Party appointed to receive the same should, without Delay, Fee, or Reward, deliver 4 a Receipt to the Person or Persons who should pay the said Duty or Duties, which Receipt should for so much be a sufficient Discharge; and the said Imposition of Sixpence per Ton 4 or Chaldron was to be collected in such Sort and Manner in all and every respects as in and by one Act made in the

19 c 4 Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, inti-

2. c. 8. i tuled An Act for the rebuilding the City of London, the Imposition of Coals thereby granted was to be collected and levied, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, and Provisions in or by the said Act mentioned or provided for the levying,

collecting, and recovering thereof, or the Penalties thereby imposed, or for the ordering or regulating the Proceedings of the said Coal Meters or others in discharge of their respective Offices and Duties, or for the preventing of Fraud and Covin,

and for the Discovery of the just Quantity of all Sorts of Coals to be imported as aforesaid, should remain and be in force, and by virtue of the said Act now in recital should and might b& 4 exercised and put in use for the collecting, levying, and recovering the said Duty of Sixpence, according to the Purport and Effect of the aforesaid Act, and under the same Penalties in all and every respect, and that for and during all the Time by the said Act now in recital limited and appointed for the Payment of the said Imposition, as if the same were expressly mentioned in the said Act now in recital with reference to the said Imposition thereby imposed: And whereas the said Imposition, Rate, or Duty of Sixpence has been continued from Time to Time by several Acts of Parliament, and ultimately by an Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, 4.C.CXXXVI. intituled An Act for improving the Approaches to London Bridge,

and is now payable for Terms which will expire on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fifty-eight; and the said last-mentioned Imposition, Rate, or Duty of Four-pence per Chaldron, and the said Imposition, Rate, or Duty ot Sixpence, are charged with Sums of Money raised and to be raised for defraying the Expences of Public Works: And whereas it is expedient for the Purposes of this Act that the Lord Mayor of the City of London, and the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, should not at the present Time exercise any Right or Privilege of weighing or measuring Coals, Culm, or 10 4 Cinders,

C.lxxvi.

505

4 Cinders, to which under or by virtue of the aforesaid Charters and Acts of Parliament, or by Prescription or otherwise, he or ' they is or are or may be entitled, and that during the Term herein-after mentioned One Rate or Duty should be paid to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens in lieu of all Rates and Duties payable to them in respect of Coals, Culm, and Cinders (except the Rates and Duties made payable by this Act)be it therefore further enacted, That during the Term of Seven Years, to be computed from the Thirty-first Day of December next after the passing of this Act, the Lord Mayor of the said City of London, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, shall not exercise any Right of measuring or weighing Coals, or any other Rights with respect to Coals to which he or they is, are, or may be entitled, by Prescription, or by the said Charters and Acts of Parliament, or otherwise; and that the Rate or Duty of Twelve-pence for every Ton of Coals, Cinders, and Culm imported or brought into the Port of London shall be collected and may be recovered in manner herein-after mentioned; and the Sum of Four-pence for every Ton, Part thereof, shall be applied in the same Manner as the Sum in the said Charters mentioned to be payable for Metage would be applicable; and the Sum of Eight-pence for every Ton, Residue thereof, shall be applied in the same Manner as the said Impositions, Rates, or Duties of Four-pence per Chaldron, and Sixpence for every Chaldron or Ton, made payable by the said Act of Parliament, would be applicable.

LXI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That at the End of the said Term of Seven Years, and also if at any earlier Period the said Rate or Duty of Twelve-pence per Ton shall cease to be payable as aforesaid, the Lord Mayor of the said City of London, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, shall be entitled to resume, use, exercise, and enjoy all Rights of weighing and measuring Coals, and other Rights and Privileges in respect thereof, to which he or they is, are, or may be entitled, and to demand, collect, recover, receive, and take the Metage, Impositions, Duties, Rates, or Sums, and all other Privileges and Advantages to which he or they is, are, or may be entitled at the Time of passing this Act, and that in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made; and the Interruption in the Exercise of any Right, or in the Receipt of any Fees or Duties to which he or they is, are, or may be entitled by Prescription or otherwise, during such Time as the Payments hereby directed to be made in lieu thereof shall be received, shall not be deemed in Law to be a Waiver or Discontinuance of any such Right, Fees, or Duties, but the same shall be in as full Force and Effect, and may be enforced and recovered by the same Remedies, and maybe claimed and pleaded in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been exercised and received respectively during the Time in which the Exercise and Receipt thereof respectively shall have been suspended, intentapted, or varied by virtue of this Act; and that the Lord Mayor of the said City of London, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, shall and may prescribe and continue to prescribe, in any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding

During Seven-Years the Right of measuring not to be exercised by the Corporation.

Duty of 12d. per Ton on Coals, Cindersr and Culm.

Rights of the Corporation of London to be resumed after Seven Years, or sooner if the Duty of 12(L shall cease.

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 181.

Water Baillage and Groundage suspended.

Water Baillage and Groundage resumed after Seven Years.

If. Id. per Ton instead of Is. 3d. per Ton to be paid for Inland Coals.

<» G. 4. *111.

in Law or Equity, for any Right, Fees, and Duties to which he or they is, are, or may be entitled as aforesaid, as if he or they had continued in the Exercise of such Right, and in Receipt of such Fees and Duties, notwithstanding the Nonuser thereof in pursuance of this Act or any other Act of Parliament for the weighing of Coals and Payment of the Sums provided for the same in lieu of the said Metage Fees and Duties.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That during the said Term of Seven Years, if the said Rate or Duty of Twelve-pence per Ton shall so long continue payable, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall not receive or take the Water Baillage and Groundage to which they are now entitled in respect of thd Coals imported or brought into the said Port of the said City of London, and the Ship in which the same are imported, or the Sums for which the said Lord Mayor for the Time being is entitled for Permits and for registering Certificates.

LXIII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That at the End of the said Term of Seven Years, and also if at any earlier Period the said Rate or Duty of Twelve-pence per Ton shall cease to be payable as aforesaid, the Lord Mayor of the said City of London, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, shall for ever thereafter be entitled to the said Water Baillage and Groundage, and the Suras to which the said Lord Mayor for the Time being is entitled for Permits and for registering Certificates, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, and the Interruption in the Exercise or in the Receipt of the same shall not be or be deemed in Law to be a Waiver or Discontinuance thereof, but the same shall be in as full Force and Effect, and may be enforced and recovered by the same Remedies, and may be claimed and pleaded in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been received respectively during the Time in which the Exercise and Receipt thereof respectively shall have been suspended, interrupted, or varied by virtue of this Act; and that the Lord Mayor of the said City of London, and the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, shall and may prescribe and continue to prescribe in any Action, Suit, or other Proceeding at Law or Equity, for the said Water Baillage and Groundage, and the Sums to which the said Lord Mayor for the Time being is or may be entitled for Permits and for registering Certificates, as if they had continued in the Receipt of the said Water Baillage and Groundage, and the Sums to which the said Lord Mayor for the Time being is entitled for Permits and for registering Certificates, notwithstanding the Nonuser thereof in pursuance of this Act.

LXIV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the ' Reign of His late Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled .4 *

Act for granting Duties of Customs, a Duty of One Shilling and

Three-pence the Ton is granted on Coals, Culm, and Cinders

brought by the Grand Junction or Paddington Canals nearer to

London than the Stone or Post at or near the North-east Point ' in Grove Park in the County of Hertford, or brought down the

River Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone placed on i the West Side of Staines Bridge in the County of Middlesex,

payable

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. lxxvi.

507

payable to the proper Officer of Customs, in lieu of the Duty ' called Orphans Duty, and of all other Rates, Dues, and Duties payable to the Corporation of London upon Coal, Culm, and Cinders imported into the Port of London, to be paid over to the said Corporation at the End of every Quarter: And whereas it is expedient for the Purposes of this Act that the said Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence should not be received at the present Time, but that Duties of One Shilling per Ton and One 4 Penny per Ton on Coals, Culm, and Cinders should be taken in lieu thereof in the said Canals and River at the aforesaid Places; be it therefore further enacted, That during the Term of Seven Years, to be computed from the Thirty-first Day of December next after the passing of this Act, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Ton on Coals, Culm, and Cinders brought by the Grand Junction and Paddington Canals nearer to London than the Stone or Post at or near the North-east Point in Grove Park in the County of Hertford, or brought down the Thames nearer to London than the City's Stone placed on the West Side of Staines Bridge in the County of Middlesex, shall not be paid; and in lieu thereof, and of all such other Rates and Duties as aforesaid, the Sums of One Shilling and One Penny per Ton on Coals, Culm, and Cinders brought nearer to London on the said Canals and River than the Places aforesaid shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and the Receipt of such Person or Persons shall be a valid and effectual Discharge for the same; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay such Duties of One Shilling and One Penny per Ton on Coals, Culm, and Cinders, or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, on Demand, to such Person or Persons as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to sue for the same by Action of Debt or upon the Case, in the Name of the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; or the Person or Persons to whom the said Duty ought to have been paid may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered, either at the Time of the Barge or other Vessel containing such Coals, Culm, and Cinders passing the Place appointed for receiving such Duty, or at any Time afterwards, to seize and detain such Barge or Vessel, and the Coals, Culm, and Cinders therein, for or in respect whereof the said Duties ought to be paid, until Payment thereof, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if the same shall not be redeemed within Five Days after the taking thereof, the same may be appraised and sold as the Law directs in case of Distress for Rent: Provided always nevertheless, that when the said Duty or Sum of One Penny per Ton first hereinbefore authorized to be taken shall cease, the said last-mentioned Duty or Sum of One Penny shall also cease, and the said Duty or Sum of One Shilling per Ton shall be payable as aforesaid, without the said Duty or Sum of One Penny per Ton; and when and as often as the said first-mentioned Duty, or any other renewed

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

The Duty of li. 3d. to be resumed after Seven Years.

Act not to v affect Rights of Corporation to the measuring of Grain, &c.

Chamberlain to keep Account of Receipts and Disbursements on account of Metage Monies.

Duty in lieu thereof, shall again be payable as aforesaid, a Sum or Duty of the like Amount shall be payable, together with the said Rate or Duty of One Shilling per Ton, in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

LXV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That at the End of the said Term of Seven Years, and also if at any earlier Period the said Duties of One Shilling and One Penny per Ton shall cease to be payable as aforesaid, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens shall thereafter be entitled to the said Duty of One Shilling and Three-pence per Ton, and that in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall abridge, extend, prejudice, confirm, or otherwise affect, or be deemed or construed to abridge, extend, prejudice, confirm, or otherwise affect, any of the Rights of the Lord Mayor of the said City of London, or the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to which they are or may be entitled under or by virtue of the aforesaid Charters or otherwise, to have and exercise the Office of Measurer and the measuring of all and singular Grains of every Kind, and also of all Kinds of Apples, Pears, Plums, and other Fruits whatsoever, and of all eatable Roots of every Kind, and also of Onions, and all other Merchandizes, Wares, and Things whatsoever measurable, and the measuring of the same, landed, conveyed, or brought in or to the Port of the said City of London upon the said Water of Thames, in every Ship, Boat, Barge, or other Vessel whatsoever, floating, laden, remaining, or being on every Part of the same Water of Thames, and upon every Bank, or every Shore, or every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, which should happen to stop, remain, and be delivered or set down from the aforesaid Bridge of the said Town of Staines in the said County of Middlesex Westwards to the aforesaid Bridge of London, and thence to the aforesaid Place called Yendall, otherwise Yenland, otherwise Yen-leete, towards the Sea and Eastwards, and in the Medway, and in the said Port of the City of London aforesaid, or to all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits to the same Office of Measurer belonging and pertaining, (being the Rights mentioned in the said Charter as aforesaid,) or any other Rights or Privileges to which the said Lord Mayor, or the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens respectively, are entitled, but that the same shall be and continue in full Force and Virtue, and may be enforced and recovered by the same Remedies, and claimed or pleaded in the same Manner, as if there had been no such Suspension or Interruption of any Rights or Privileges to which they are or may be entitled with respect to Coals.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Chamberlain of the said City for the Time being shall keep One or more Book or Books in which all the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act in respect of the said Rates and Duties of Eight-pence per Ton, and the Application thereof, shall from Time to Time be entered and set down, and such Entries shall specify the Times when, the Occasions for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom, the same shall be paid.

C.lxxvi.

509

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, shall once in each and every Year, or oftener, if required, lay before both Houses of Parliament an Account of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act in respect of the said Rates and Duties of Eight-pence per Ton.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Duties of One Penny and Twelve-pence per Ton on Coals, Cinders, and Culm, made payable by this Act, shall be paid by every Owner or Master or other Person having the Command or Charge of the Ship or other Vessel laden with such Coals, Cinders, or Culm, or by the Factor thereof, before Bulk shall be broken, or any of such Coals, Cinders, or Culm in such Ship or Vessel shall be unladen, and the same shall be paid at the said Coal Market for the Time being, to One of the Clerks of the said Market; and the Certificate or Certificates of any Clerk of the Coal Market, that the Rates or Duties on the Coals, Cinders, or Culm in any Ship or Vessel have been paid, shall be an effectual Discharge for the same; and if any of the said Clerks shall refuse, on Demand, to receive the said Rates or Duties, or to give a Certificate for the same, without Fee or Reward, such Clerk shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if the Bulk of any Ship or Vessel laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm liable to the Duties hereby imposed shall be broken, or any of such Coals, Cinders, or Culm shall be unladen, before the Rates or Duties made payable by this Act shall have been paid, the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds.

LXXI. And to the Intent that the Rates or Duties aforesaid may be duly accounted for and paid, be it further enacted, That no Collector or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs shall on any Pretence whatever cancel any Bond which shall have been entered into by the Master or Owner or other Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or other Vessel which shall have been laden with Coals, Cinders, or Culm liable to the Duties hereby imposed, unless and until a Return has been made by the Clerk of the Coal Market to the Coast Office at the Custom House, London, that the Owner, Master, or other Person having the Command or Charge of such Ship or other Vessel has paid the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed; and the Clerk of the Coal Market shall, within Seven Days after the said Rates or Duties have been paid upon any such Ship or Vessel, transmit to the said Coast Office a Return stating the Name of the Ship, and the Number of Tons upon which the said Rates or Duties have been paid, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds.

LXXII. And to the Intent that the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act may be more effectually collected and levied, be it enacted, That in case any Owner or Master or any other Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or other Vessel shall neglect to pay the same, it shall be lawful for any other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, to go on board

The City to lay Accounts before Parliament.

Duties to be paid to the Clerk of the Coal Market before Bulk is broken.

Penalty on breaking Bulk before Payment of the Duties.

Custom House Officers not to cancel Bond before Duties are paid.

Manner of recovering Rates and Duties.

C.lxxvi.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Persons evading Payment of Duties to remain liable, and also to forfeit a Sum equal thereto.

Owners of Ships may compound for the Number of Tons in respect of which the Duties shall be paid.

such Ship or other Vessel to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on Nonpayment thereof to take and distrain any such Ship or other Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and all or any Part of the Coals, Cinders, or Culm in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable, either on board such Ship or other Vessel or on Land, and the same to retain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties for the Space of Five Days after any Distress or Distresses so made or taken, that then it shall be lawful for the said Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more Sworn Appraisers or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to sell the said Distress or Distresses, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof to satisfy themselves or himself, as well for and in respect of their or his reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and selling the same, as also for and in respect of the said Rates and Duties and every of them, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) to the Owner, upon Demand; and it shall be lawful for the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, in case of Nonpayment of the Rates and Duties as aforesaid, instead of recovering the same in manner aforesaid, or in case the whole thereof shall not be so recovered, to proceed for the Recovery of the same, or so much thereof as shall not be so recovered, by Action of Debt or on the Case in any Court of Record at Westminster.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or other Person having the Command or Charge of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner or Factor of any Coals, Cinders, or Culm, shall by any Means whatsoever at any Time or Times elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in respect thereof, or any Part of the same, every Person eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens a Sum equal to the Amount of such Rates and Duties, and shall also stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; which Rates and Duties, as well as the Forfeiture incurred by having eluded, evaded, or avoided the Payment thereof, shall and may be recovered from such Master or Owner or Factor, or such Person having such Command or Charge respectively, at any Time or Times, either by the Means herein-before prescribed for the levying the said Rates or Duties, and by the same Method, or in such Manner as is herein-after directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties imposed by this Act, and with the like Costs.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent any Trouble in ascertaining the Quantity of Coals, Cinders, or Culm contained in any Ship or Vessel, it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, or any Committee or Committees appointed by them, to agree and compound with the Master, Owner, or Agent of any such Ship or other Vessel, that the same shall on any Voyage or Voyages, with respect to the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, be considered to contain such

Number

A.D. 1831.

1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi.

511

Number of Tons of Coals, Cinders, or Culm as the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or such Committee or Committees, upon Consideration, shall think reasonable; and a Certificate of such Composition, signed by the Town Clerk of the said City for the Time being, expressing the Number of Tons of Coals, Cinders, or Culm agreed to be considered to be contained in such Ship or Vessel, in respect of which the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act shall be payable, shall be given to the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel: Provided always, that if any such Ship or other Vessel shall, after such Composition, be enlarged, repaired, altered, or varied, whereby or by means whereof a larger Quantity of Coal can be carried in such Ship or Vessel, such Composition shall be void; and if the Master or Owner of any such Ship or other Vessel shall omit to give Notice to the Clerk of the Coal Market of any such Enlargement, Reparation, Alteration, or Variation as aforesaid, or shall pay the Amount of such Composition as if no such Enlargement, Reparation, Alteration, or Variation had been made, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals for the Port of London shall send, in a Letter directed to the Clerk of the Coal Market, and put into the General Post Office on the Day on which the Ship or Vessel containing any Coals shall sail on any such Voyage, or shall give to the Ship Master of such Ship or Vessel, before the same shall sail on every or any such Voyage, a Certificate signed by such Fitter containing the Day of the Month and Year of such Loading, the Master's and Ship's Names, and the Quantity of Tons, and the usual Names of the several and respective Collieries out of which the said Coals are and shall be wrought and gotten, and the Price paid by the Master or Masters for each and every Sort of Coals that each and every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals as aforesaid, his or their Agent or Servant, hath sold and loaded on board each and every Ship or Vessel; and in case any Person or Persons omit, or refuse to give such Certificate as aforesaid, or shall give or make any false Certificate, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and where such Certificate shall be given to the Ship Master, he shall, upon the Arrival of the said Ship or Vessel at the Port of London, deliver or cause to be delivered such Certificate at the Office of the Clerk of the Coal Market; and every Fitter who shall send or give any such Certificate as aforesaid shall, on or before the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the same shall have been given, send, in a Letter directed to the said Clerk of the Coal Market, and put into the General Post Office, or delivered at the Office of the said Clerk of the Coal Market, an Affidavit according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, sworn by him before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace (and which Oath any such Justice is hereby authorized to administer) , in which Affidavit such Fitter shall verify such Certificate alone or together with any other Certificates which may have been sent or given by him in the meantime;

Certificate of the Quality of the Coals to be given by the Fitter, and registered at the Coal Market on the Arrival of the Ship.

---

[Provision in case of Loss of Certificate, or]

and in case it shall happen that such Fitter's Certificate shall at any Time be accidentally lost,

512 C.lxxvi. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

[of Ship's Destination being changed.]

or in case any such Ship or Vessel shall have been originally loaded or entered Outwards for Exportation, and shall afterwards change her Destination, and arrive or come into the Port of London without any such Fitter's Certificate having been obtained or provided, then and in either of such last-mentioned Cases each and every Master of such Ship or Vessel shall deliver or cause to be delivered a like Account of the Quantity and Name or Names or Description or Descriptions of the Coals on board of such his Ship or Vessel, at the Office of the Clerk of the Coal Market, together with an Affidavit to accompany such Account, and to be sworn by such Master before any of His Majesty's Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place where the same shall be sworn, (and which Oath any such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized to administer,) in which Affidavit such Master shall state and verify such Circumstances, either of the accidental Loss of any such Certificate, or of any such Ship having been originally entered Outwards, and having afterwards changed her Destination and arrived as aforesaid, without any such Certificate having been obtained or provided (as the Case may be); and such Clerk or other Officer is hereby required to receive and register such Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, Account or Accounts, together with the Affidavit or Affidavits accompanying any such Account or Accounts as aforesaid;

[Penalty for false Certificate or Nondelivery; ]

and in case any Master of any Ship or Vessel shall knowingly give in any false Certificate or Account as aforesaid to be registered, or shall not, when no Certificate shall have been sent by the Post, within Twenty-four Hours after the Arrival of his Ship at her Moorings in the Port of London, deliver or cause to be delivered in his Certificate or such Account and Affidavit as aforesaid, to be registered in manner aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds;

[for Neglect to register, or refusing to show Certificate.]

and if the Person or Persons who ought to register, file, or enter such Certificate or Account, or his or their Clerk or Deputy officiating in such Office, shall neglect to register the same for the Space of Twenty-four Hours after the Delivery of such Certificate or Account into such Office or Offices, or shall make a false Entry of such Certificate or Account, or refuse to show and produce such Certificate or Account, and Registry thereof, to any Person or Persons coming between the Hours of Twelve and Two to see and inspect the same, and take Extracts therefrom, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

[In certain Cases Master of Ship to permit Inspector to weigh Coals.]

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where no such Certificate of Composition shall have been given, and the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City of London, in-Common Council assembled, or any Inspector appointed by them, shall not be satisfied with any such Fitter's Certificate or Account and Affidavit as aforesaid, and shall require, before any Coals shall be delivered from the Ship or Vessel respecting which the same shall have been given, that such Coals shall be weighed, in order to ascertain whether such Certificate or Account and Affidavit be correct, the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall permit any such Inspector to weigh the Coals in such Ship or Vessel at the Time of the Delivery thereof; and in case the Quantity of Coals in such

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C. lxxvi. 513

[Additional Penalty of 3d. per Ton if Coals shall exceed the Quantity mentioned in Fitter's Certificate by 5 lbs. in 100 lbs.]

Ship or Vessel shall exceed the Quantity mentioned in the Fitter's Certificate thereof, or such Account and Affidavit as aforesaid, to the Extent of Five Pounds over and above every One hundred Pounds of such Coals, then, in addition to the Penalty of One hundred Pounds which will be incurred by sending or giving such false Certificate or Account as aforesaid, there shall be paid by the Master of such Ship or Vessel to the Inspector by whom such Coals shall be weighed a Sum not exceeding Three-pence per Ton . for or in respect of the Trouble of weighing the same, and the Use of the Weighing Machines employed for that Purpose, which Sum shall be recovered in the same Manner as herein-after is directed with respect to any Penalty imposed by this Act; but no Payment shall be required by such Inspector for Trouble or the Use of Machines in case the Quantity of Coals shall not be found to exceed the Quantity stated in such Certificate or Account as aforesaid to the Extent herein-before mentioned.

[Recovery and Application of Fines and Penalties not exceeding 25l.]

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures by this Act, or by virtue of the Powers and Authorities thereof, imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise directed,) not exceeding Twenty-five Pounds, shall be sued for within One Calendar Month after the Offence or Offences committed; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall be levied and recovered before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required, upon Information or Complaint to him or them made, to grant a Summons or Warrant to bring before him or them such (Mender or Offenders at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and if, on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, either on his, her, or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer,) such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices; and the Overplus of the Money (if any) raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of Distress, or in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid; and all such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid into the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where the same shall have been incurred, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish, Township, or Place.

514 C.lxxvi. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

[Justices may proceed by Summons in the Recovery of Penalties.]

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which by this Act any Penalty or Forfeiture is made recoverable before a Justice of the Peace, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to whom Complaint shall be made of any Offence against this Act to summon the Party complained against before him, and on such Summons to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof of the Offence to convict the Offender, and to adjudge him to pay the Penalty or Forfeiture incurred, and to proceed to recover the same, although no Information in Writing shall have been exhibited or taken by or before such Justice; and all such Proceedings by Summons without Information shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if an Information in Writing was exhibited.

[Power to the Justice to give Part of Penalties to Informers.]

LXXIX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices before whom any such Conviction shall take place, if they or he shall think fit, to order and direct any Part, not exceeding One Half, of such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to be paid or applied to or for the Use of the Informer or Informers, or other Persons aiding or assisting in the Apprehension of the Offender or Offenders, or any of them.

[Expences of Witnesses may be directed to be paid.]

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices, before whom any Person or Persons shall be brought or convicted for any Offence for which a Penalty is imposed by this Act, to direct all or any Part, according to the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, of the reasonable Expences of any Constable, Police Officer, or other Witness, of the Matter which shall be charged, and of such Compensation (if any) for the Time and Trouble of such Witness, as such Justice or Justices shall think reasonable, to be paid either by the Offender or Offenders or the Complainant or Complainants; and the Sum so ordered to be paid shall and may be recovered, together with any Penalty of which the Person by whom the same shall be ordered to be paid shall have been convicted, or without, in the same Manner as any Penalty is directed to be recovered by this Act, and shall be paid to such Constable, Police Officer, or other Witness.

[Penalties incurred by Carmen may be recovered from their Employers; ]

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Carman, Driver, or other Person employed by any Seller or Sellers of or Dealer or Dealers in Coals, shall have been convicted of any Offence against this Act, and the Penalty or Forfeiture for the same, or any Sum directed to be paid to any Witness, shall not be forthwith paid, the same respectively shall be paid by the Seller or Sellers, Dealer or Dealers, by whom such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall have been employed at the Time when such Offence was committed, and shall be recovered by such Ways and Means as are herein-before directed with respect to any Penalty imposed by this Act:

[who may recover them back.]

Provided always, that such Carman, Driver, or other Person shall be liable to repay to such Seller or Sellers, Dealer or Dealers, the Amount of such Penalty and the Costs attending the same; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, upon Demand, and Oath, or by a Quaker or Quakers an Affirmation, of the Payment thereof, and that the same and the

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi. 515

Costs thereof have not been repaid by such Carman, Driver, or Person, although demanded, (such Oath or Affirmation to be made before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place where such Penalty shall have been recovered,) the Amount of such Penalty and Costs shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is directed to be recovered by this Act, and shall be paid to such Seller or Sellers, Dealer or Dealers respectively.

[Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.]

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance thereof, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City, or Place where such Conviction shall be made, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices for prosecuting the said Appeal with Effect, and abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices in such General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party, as to them the said Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[For compelling Attendance of Witnesses.]

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall be sued for to summon before him or them any Person who shall, in or by the Complaint or Information made to him or them, appear to be a necessary Witness as to the Matters thereby charged, to appear before him or them at a Time and Place to be specified in the Summons; and in case such Person so summoned shall not appear according to such Summons, then upon due Proof of the Service of such Summons, in manner aforesaid, such Person so summoned, and not appearing in compliance therewith, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such Manner and by such Ways and Means as are hereinbefore directed as to other Penalties; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justice or Justices to cause such Person to be apprehended by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, and to be brought before him or them; and thereupon, whether such Person shall appear upon Summons as aforesaid, or shall be apprehended as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may proceed to examine him or her upon Oath as to the Matter of such Complaint or Information, and in case such Person shall refuse to be sworn or to answer or to give Evidence therein, then and in every such Case it shall and

516 C.lxxvi. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

may be Lawful to and for such Justice or Justices, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Person so refusing to be sworn or to answer or to give Evidence as aforesaid to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, or Place in or for which such Justice or Justices shall then act, there to remain for any Space of Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months.

[Penalty on Persons guilty Of Perjury.]

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon his, her, or their Examination upon Oath before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence touching any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, or if any Person or Persons shall take or make any false Oath or Affidavit with respect to any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law in force and effect Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

[Penalties above 25l. how to be recovered.]

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds by this Act imposed for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than One Imparlance Shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who Shall inform and she for the same within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and one Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures shall be to and for the Use of our Sovereign Lord the King, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Double Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or Sue for the same.

[Distress not to be unlawful for Want of Form, nor the Parties to be deemed Trespassers ab initio.]

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage sustained in an Action on the Case.

[Form of Conviction.]

LXXXVII. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn according to the following Form; (videlicet,)

BE it remembered, That on the __________ Day of __________ in the Year of our Lord __________ A.B. is convicted before me __________ One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the [here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. C.lxxvi. 517

when and where committed, as the Case may be], contrary to an Act of Parliament made in the Second Year of the Reign of King William the Fourth, entitled [here insert the Title of this Act]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written. C.D.

[Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Amends.]

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

[Limitation of Actions.]

LXXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cases by Law.

[Commencement of the Act.]

XC. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place from and after the Thirty-first Day of December next after the passing of this Act.

[Public Act.]

XCI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

518 C. lxxvi. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831

The SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

A.B. of __________ maketh Oath and saith, That the

Schedule hereunder written, and signed by this Deponent, contains a true Account and Particular of all the Coals vended and shipped by this Deponent [and C.D. of __________ this Deponent's Partner, as the Case may be], for Delivery in the Port of London, from the __________ Day of __________ to the __________ Day of __________ both inclusive.

Day of the Month and Year of lading. Ship's Name. Master's Name. Quantity of Tons. Name of Colliery. Price paid. Certificate sent by Post or delivered to the Master.

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. Pr. C. 1 — 3. 519

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

"And be it further enacted, That this Act shall he printed by the several Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty, duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others."

Cap. I.

An Act to effect an Exchange of Lands between Harriet Averina Brunetta Herbert, an infant Ward of the Court of Chancery, and John Edwards Esquire.

[30th July 1831.]

Cap. 2.

An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to take an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the Entailed Estate of Crieve, and others, in the Counties of Dumfries and Roxburgh, and to sell such Part of the said Estate as may be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens; and likewise for settling and securing the Lands and Estate of Murrayfield, and others, in the said County of Dumfries, to and in favour of Thomas Beattie of Crieve, Esquire, and the Series of Heirs entitled to take by a certain Deed of Entail made by Thomas Beattie of Crieve, Esquire, now deceased, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed; and for vesting in lieu thereof certain Parts of the Estate of Crieve in the said Thomas Beattie Esquire, and his Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple.

[30th July 1831.]

Cap. 3.

An Act to enable the Most Noble Alexander Duke of Hamilton and Brandon, and the Heirs of Entail of the Lands and Barony of Kinneil in the Shire of Linlithgow, to charge the Sleeches or Land to be gained from the Sea opposite the said Barony with the Expences laid out in gaining the same.

[30th July 1831.]

520 Pr. C. 4 — 9. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

Cap. 4.

An Act to effect an Exchange of Estates in the County of Hereford between William Preece Esquire and the Dean and Canons of Windsor.

[30th July 1831.]

Cap. 5.

An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to sell such Part of the entailed Lands and Barony of West Nisbet in the County of Berwick now belonging to Charles Carre Lord Sinclair as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Provisions, Debts, and Incumbrances affecting the same.

[30th July 1831.]

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Langley in the Parish of Claverdon in the County of Warwick.

[30th July 1831.]

[Allotments to be made for Materials for Roads, §29.; and to the Lords of Manors for Rights of Soil, §32.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Hatton, Haseley, and Wroxhall, in the County of Warwick.

[30th July 1831.]

[Allotments to be made to Lords of Manors in Compensation for Pools and Right of Soil, §33. Allotment to be made to the Lord of the Manor of Wroxhall in lieu of a Freebord upon Shrewley Common, §34. Allotments to be made for Quit Rents, §42.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothbury in the County of Northumberland.

[30th July 1831.]

[Allotments to be made to the Lord of the Manor for Right of Soil and to the Duke of Northumberland or other Owners of certain Commonable Lands, &c. §26. Such Allotments to be on the North Side of River Coquet. Allotment to be made to hold Pairs upon, §27. Lord of Manor to pay Damages occasioned in working Mines, &c. §69.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Townships or Divisions of Hugill, Applethwaite, and Troutbeck, in the Parishes of Kirkby-in-Kendal and Windermere, in the County of Westmorland.

[30th July 1831.]

[Allotments to be made for Watering Places, and Gravel, &c. for Repair of Roads, §26. Allotment of One Sixteenth Part to be made to the Lords of the Manors of Hugill and Applethwaite for Right of Soil, §27. Curate of Hugill may lease his Allotment, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §35. Satisfaction to be made by the Lords of the Manors for working Mines, §53.]

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. Pr. C. 10 — 15. 521

Cap. 10.

An Act for enabling the Trustee under the Will of Henry Brown deceased to sell certain Shares in the Leeds and Liverpool Canal Navigation, and a Share in the Liverpool Theatre, and certain Bonds from the Liverpool Dock Trustees, and of a certain Sum due on Bond from the Corporation of Liverpool, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in repairing, pulling down, and rebuilding certain Houses in Paradise Street in the Town of Liverpool aforesaid; and for other the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

[2d August 1831.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for enabling the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the City of Exeter to sell Two Houses in the Parish of Saint Stephen's, Exeter, vested in them, and to purchase other Estates for the Performance of the charitable Purposes of the Will of Joan Tuckfield.

[2d August 1831.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for vesting the undivided Moieties of certain Estates of Nathaniel Cameron Esquire and Laetitia Pryce his Wife, in the County of Glamorgan, in Trustees, in Trust to sell, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money to arise from such Sales in the Manner therein mentioned.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 13.

An Act to exonerate the Trustees of Richard Oswald of Auchincruive, Esquire, for Advances of Money made by them to Richard Alexander Oswald Esquire, now of Auchincruive, and applied in executing Improvements, as well upon the Entailed Estates left by the said Richard Oswald as the Fee Simple Estates acquired by the said Trustees, and partly entailed by them; and to enable the said Trustees to discharge a Part of the Debts incurred by the said Richard Alexander Oswald in improving the said Estates.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 14.

An Act for vesting the Entailed Estates of Abercairney, and others, in the County of Perth, belonging to James Moray of Abercairney, Esquire, in Trustees, to sell the same or so much thereof as may be necessary, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Payment of the Debts affecting or that may be made to affect the said Lands and Estates.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for exchanging Part of the Freehold Estates devised by the Will of Beilby Thompson Esquire for Freehold Lands devised by the Will of Mrs. Dorothy Wilson to Trustees for charitable Purposes; and for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of His late Majesty King George the Fourth,

[3 G. 4. c. xxiv.]

intituled An Act for empowering Trustees to sell and convey Part

522 Pr. C. 16 — 20. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. A.D. 1831.

of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates in the County of York devised by the Will of Beilby Thompson Esquire, deceased, and Part of the Freehold Estates in the same County devised by the Will of Richard Thompson Esquire, deceased; and for hying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 16.

An Act for vesting an undivided Moiety of a Freehold Estate in Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, late the Property of William Orford Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for investing the Proceeds of such Sale for the Benefit of his infant Son and Heir at Law.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to enable the Governors of the Possessions, Revenues, and Goods of the Free Grammar School of King Edward the Sixth, in Birmingham in the County of Warwick, to erect a School House, Masters Houses, and other suitable Accommodations for the said School, and to extend the Objects of the Charity; and for other Purposes.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woolvercot in the County of Oxford, and for commuting the Tithes of the said Parish.

[23d August 1831.]

[Allotments to be made to Lords of the Manor of Woolvercot for Rights of Soil, §30. Allotments to be made to the Rectors and Curate for Tithes, §31.; and in respect of Moduses and Compositions Reed, §32. Allotments for Tithes and Moduses, &c. to be apportioned, §33. Proprietors of old Inclosures, &c. not having sufficient Open Field Lands, to make Compensation in Money for their Tithes, §36. Allotments to the Impropriators and Curate to be fenced at the general Expence, §39. Curate, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, may lease his Allotment for Twenty-one Years, to commence within Twelve Calendar Months after passing of Act, §40. The Tithes arising on Estates which have been purchased by the respective Proprietors to be extinguished, §45.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for vesting certain detached Portions of the Lands and Estates entailed by the deceased John Buchanan Esquire, of Carbeth in the County of Stirling, in Trustees to sell the same, and to apply the Price arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Lands near to the Mansion House of Carbeth and the Remainder of the said Entailed Lands.

[23d August 1831.]

Cap. 20.

An Act to effect a Partition of certain Freehold, Copyhold or Customary, and Leasehold Estates in the County of Lincoln, late the Property of the Right Honourable Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, deceased.

[6th September 1831.]

A.D. 1831. 1° & 2° GULIELMI IV. Pr. C. 21, 22. 523

Cap. 21.

An Act for vesting in Trustees a legal Estate, which on the Death of Joseph Crewe escheated to His Majesty and the Lord Bishop of Bangor, in an undivided Third Part of certain Hereditaments in the County of Denbigh, in order to effect a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery.

[22d September 1831.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for effectuating a Partition of Estates belonging to the Most Honorable John Crichton Stuart Marquess of Bute and Earl of Dumfries and the Most Honorable Maria Marchioness of Bute and Countess of Dumfries, and their Trustees, and to the Right Honorable Lady Susan North, and to the Right Honorable Lady Georgina North; and for other Purposes.

[5th October 1831.]

[INDEX removed.]

