THE

STATUTES

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND,

1 & 2 GEORGE IV. 1821.

LONDON

Printed by His Majesty's Statute and Law Printers;

And sold by J. Butterworth and Son, Law Booksellers, in Fleet-Street.

1821.

(Price 18s. in Boards.)

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the SEVENTH Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland:

1 & 2 GEORGE IV.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. AN Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for Her Majesty the Queen. Page 1

2. An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His Late Majesty, for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole. 4

3. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits and Sweets, in Great Britain; and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England; for the Service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 5

4. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the service of the Year one thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 8

5. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the Time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates. Ibid.

6. An Act to continue for Two Years from the passing thereof, to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain. Ibid.

7. An Act to make perpetual an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, to allow the Importation into certain Ports in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of certain enumerated Articles, and the Re-exportation thereof from such Ports. Page 9

8. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for staying Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; for continuing certain Duties; and for empowering the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony. Ibid.

9. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. Ibid.

10. An Act for the regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore. 13

11. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, the Bounties on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat. Ibid.

12. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Twenty third Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain. Ibid.

13. An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to continue certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass, and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass. 14

14. An Act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo. Ibid.

15. An Act to authorize the Transfer of Stocks, and Payment of Dividends, of Lunatics residing out of England. Ibid.

16. An Act for further facilitating the Despatch of Business in the Court of King's Bench. 15

17. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for better regulating the Payment of Fees of Attornies and Solicitors, and other Purposes therein mentioned. 16

18. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, against Witchcraft and Sorcery. 17

19. An Act to permit the Removal of certain Goods from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, by Cocket, Certificate, Let Pass or Transire. Ibid.

20. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, several Acts of His late Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned. 18

21. An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and to enable the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, to send Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament in lieu thereof. Page 19

22. An Act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise for securing the Payment of the Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in Great Britain. 20

23. An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Lands in England. 24

24. An Act to extend certain Provisions of an Act of King William the Third, intituled An Act for regulating of Trials in cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason, to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland. 27

25. An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers. 28

26. An Act for making further Provision for the gradual Resumption of Payments in Cash by the Bank of England. 29

27. An Act for making further Provision for the gradual Resumption of Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland. 31

28. An Act for abolishing the African Company, and transferring to and vesting in His Majesty all the Forts, Possessions and Property now belonging to or held by them. 33

29. An Act to remove Doubts on the Allowances of the Duty paid on Irish Starch imported into Great Britain, payable on such Starch consumed m preparing Manufactures of Flax or Cotton in Great Britain, and for regulating the Importation thereof. 36

30. An Act for further improving the Roads between London and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury. 40

31. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Continuance of the Hereditary Revenue in Scotland. 42

32. An Act for declaring valid certain Indentures of Apprenticeship, and Certificates of Settlements of poor Persons, in England. 44

33. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and for the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences in Ireland. 45

34. An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, and in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishment on Persons guilty of stealing to the Amount of Five Shillings out of or from Shops, Warehouses and other Outbuildings and Places, and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences. 52

35. An Act for applying a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purpose of building a Bridge over the River Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and for imposing additional Rates of Postage on Letters and Packets conveyed over the said Bridge. 54

36. An Act for the better Regulation of the Public Notaries in Ireland. 56

37. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Sorts of Wood and Timber, and certain Drawbacks or Allowances in respect of such Duties, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof. Page 60

38. An Act for establishing Regulations respecting certain Parts of the Proceedings in the Court of Session, and in the Court of Commissioners for Teinds, and respecting the Duties, Qualifications and Emoluments of certain Clerks and other Officers of the said Courts. 76

39. An Act for the better Regulation of the Courts of Admiralty in Scotland, and of certain Proceedings in the Court of Session connected therewith. 88

40. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, as inflicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified; and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences. 91

41. An Act for giving greater Facility in the Prosecution and Abatement of Nuisances arising from Furnaces used and in the working of Steam Engines. 93

42. An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two. 94

43. An Act to defray, until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace. 95

44. An Act to exclude Persons holding certain Judicial Offices in Ireland, from being Members of the House of Commons. 96

45. An Act to amend an Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Street and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. 97

46. An Act to regulate the Attendance of Jurors at the Assizes in certain Cases. 101

47. An Act to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and to enable the County of York to send Two additional Knights to serve in Parliament, in lieu thereof. 103

48. An Act to amend the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors. 104

49. An Act for making further Regulations in respect to the Payment by Remittance Bill of the Wages of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in the Royal Navy; and for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy. 106

50. An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to regulate the Making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly JBiUs of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, inhere no Assize is set; and for establishing other Provisions and Regulations relative thereto. Page 110

51. An Act to explain an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for explaining an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities. 123

52. An Act to improve the Land Revenues of the Crown, and of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, and for making Provisions and Regulations for the better Management thereof. 125

53. An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, and also in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland. 135

54. An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, in Ireland. 163

55. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Amount of Stamp Duties to be paid on Deeds and other Instruments, under the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively. 166

56. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor. 167

57. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to Prisons in Ireland. 169

58. An Act to regulate the Expences of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland. 181

59. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland. 184

60. An Act for exempting Ships in Ballast in the South Sea Trade from certain Tonnage Duties. 210

61. An Act to regulate the Appropriation of unclaimed Shares of Prize Money belonging to Soldiers or Seamen in the Service of the East India Company. 211

62. An Act to regulate the Times for holding the General Sessions of the Peace, in the several Counties in Ireland. 216

63. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are. 217

64. An Act to amend the Laws now in force relating to Vagrants, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty two. 218

65. An Act for the further Regulation of Trade to and from Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) , and Ports or Places beyond the Limits of the said Charter, belonging to any State or Country in Amity with His Majesty. 221

66. An Act for regulating the Fur Trade, and establishing a Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction within certain Parts of North America. Page 225

67. An Act for extending the Drawbacks on Coals used in Mines and Smelting Works within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Coals used in draining Coal Mines in the County of Pembroke. 2S0

68. An Act to repeal so much of several Acts to prevent the excessive Price of Coals, as relates to Coal Yards established at the Expence of the Public in Dublin and Cork. 232

69. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property, occupied for the Ordnance Service, in the principal Officers of the Ordnance; and for granting certain Powers to the said principal Officers. 234

70. An Act for raising a Loan of Thirteen Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt. 241

71. An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty nine Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 247

72. An Act to establish an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency; and to empower the said Governor and Company to enlarge the Capital Stock or Fund of the said Bank to Three Millions. Ibid.

73. An Act to permit, for Three Years, the Transfer from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain. 251

74. An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprests, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof. 259

75. An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne. 261

76. An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne. 277

77. An Act to abolish the Payment, by Prisoners in Ireland, of Gaol Fees, and all other Fees relating to the Commitment, Continuance, Trial or Discharge of such Prisoners, and to prevent Abuses by Gaolers, Bailing and other Officers. 289

78. An Act to regulate Acceptances of Bills of Exchange. 291

79. An Act to repeal certain Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery, and to make further Regulations relating to the said Fishery. 292

80. An Act for raising the Sum of One Million British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. 297

81. An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty as requires a Registry of Wool sent Coastwise. Page 297

82. An Act for allowing to Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland, a Drawback of a Portion of the Duty on Malt used by them; and for the further Prevention of smuggling of Spirits on the Borders of Scotland and England. 298

83. An Act for further reducing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland. 304

84. An Act to grant Duties of Customs on certain Articles of Wood imported into Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties; and to amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for granting certain Duties of Customs in Great Britain. 305

85. An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to the assessing, levying and collecting the County Rates. 311

86. An Act for amending an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for enabling William Blackatt Simonds Esquire, to sell or mortgage his Estate and Interest in the Impropriate Rectory of Caversham, in the County of Oxford, free from the Claims of the Crown. 314

87. An Act to repeal certain Acts, passed in the Thirty first, Thirty third, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal and Flour into and from Great Britain, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof. Ibid.

88. An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Rescue. 332

89. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty King Charles the Second, as restrains the Proprietors of Wharfs between London Bridge and the Temple from erecting any Buildings or Enclosures thereon. 333

90. An Act to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland, and the several Establishments connected therewith. 334

91. An Act to grant certain Bounties on the Exportation of Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Mohair, and of Stuffs made of Mohair mixed with Worsted, the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland. 339

92. An Act to authorize the Exchange of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to Trusts for Charitable Purposes, for other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments. 340

93. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property, occupied by or for the Naval Service of this Kingdom, in the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and for granting certain Powers to the said principal Officers and Commissioners. 346

94. An Act to regulate the Importation of Rum into the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark. 353

95. An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service. Page 354

96. An Act for charging a Duty on British Spirits brought into certain Parts of the District of Lisburne in Ireland. Ibid.

97. An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Coasting Trade of Great Britain. 356

98. An Act to enable the Commissioners or Governors of Greenwich Hospital to continue to provide for the Payment of Out Pensioners of the said Hospital. 358

99. An Act for the Appropriation of certain Proceeds arising from the Capture of Vessels and Cargoes, the Property of the Subjects of the Kings of Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands, taken and seized in Violation of the Conventions made with those States, and for granting Bounties upon Slaves captured in such Vessels; and also for granting Indemnity to the Captors of certain Vessels taken in the Prosecution of the Slave Trade. 360

100. An Act for regulating the Exportation of Hops to Foreign Parts, and allowing a Drawback of the Excise Duty paid thereon. 364

101. An Act to extend to Ireland an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and to continue the same until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two. 365

102. An Act for altering the Drawback on Acetous Acid exported; and for exempting Tiles made for draining Lands from Duty. 366

103. An Act to authorize Collectors of the Customs in Ireland to bring to Account the Proceeds of Goods sold under the Provisions of the Warehousing Acts. 367

104. An Act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man, so far as relates to the Quantity of Muscovado Sugar to be imported into the said Island. 368

105. An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to warehoused Goods. 369

106. An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, several Acts of His late Majesty, respecting the Duties of Customs payable on Merchandize imported into Great Britain and Ireland from any Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter; and to increase the Duties payable on the Importation of Sugar from the East Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three in Great Britain, and until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four in Ireland. 380

107. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, as relates to the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, at Sheerness, in the County of Kent, and to vest certain Lands and Hereditaments at Gillingham in the said County, in Trustees, to be appropriated to the Public Service in the Department of the Navy. 384

108. An Act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one. Page 393

109. An Act for better securing the Duties of Excise on Tobacco. 397

110. An Act for repealing the Duties imposed on Husbandry Horses, and to make perpetual several Acts for reducing the Duties on certain Horses and Mules. 412

111. An Act to empower the Commissioners in Great Britain for the Execution of several Acts for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, to extend the Time for the Payment of certain Advances under the said Acts. 415

112. An Act to grant, for the Term of Five Years, additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law, and to repeal certain other Stamp Duties in Ireland. 417

113. An Act to continue several Acts for the Relief of Persons compounding for Assessed Taxes from an annual Assessment, for a further Term; and to amend the Acts relating to Assessments and Compositions of Assessed Taxes. 431

114. An Act for the Conveyance, Surrender, and Assignment of Estates in Fee, for Lives, or Terms of Years, which shall be vested in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, in Idiots and Lunatics, not having been found such by Inquisition. 453

115. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relating to Bankrupts, as requires the Meetings under Commissions of Bankrupt to be holden in the Guildhall of the City of London; and for building Offices in the said City for the Meetings of the Commissioners; and for the more regular Transaction of Business in Bankruptcy. 454

116. An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a limited Provision to certain discharged Officers of the Customs. 464

117. An Act to continue an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin. 465

118. An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for One Year. 466

119. An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence. 488

120. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 489

121. An Act to alter and abolish certain Forms of Proceedings in the Exchequer and Audit Office, relative to Public Accountants, and for making further Provisions for the Purpose of facilitating and expediting the passing of Public Accounts in Great Britain; and to render perpetual and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues. 493

122. An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and for farther appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. Page 508

123. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act or this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act, made in the Thirty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight. 526

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Tadcaster to the Town of Otley, in the County of York. Page 529

ii. An Act to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Northumberland, to build a Common Gaol, House of Correction and Sessions House for the said County, with suitable, convenient and proper Offices, and other Accommodations to the same respectively; and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

iii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, and the Liberties, Precincts and Suburbs thereof. Ibid.

iv. An Act to enlarge the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, for lighting with Gas the City of Bristol, and certain Parishes adjacent thereto, by enabling the Bristol Gas Light Company to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying the Purposes of the said Act into Execution. Ibid.

v. An Act for amending and repairing the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York, 530

vi. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from a Bridge over a Stream called Sudbrook, near the City of Gloucester, to the Nine Mile Stone on the Bristol Road, near the Clay Pitts, in the County of Gloucester, and for extending the Powers thereof to the Entrance of the City of Gloucester. Ibid.

vii. An Act for amending and repairing the Road from Thirsk, over Skipton Bridge, to Hutton Moor, and through Ainderby Quemhow and Nosterfield, to Masham, in the North Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

viii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County. Ibid.

ix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Roads from the Borough of Leicester, in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Narborough; and from the said Borough of Leicester to the Town of Earl Shilton, and from the said Town of Earl Shilton to the Town of Hinckley, in the said County. Page 530

x. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Summerrod's Bar, near Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, to Alston, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

xi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of King George the Second, and of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the High Road from the Borough of Ripon, by Ingram Bank, to the Town of Pateley Bridge in the County of York. 531

xii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads, leading to and from the City or Borough of Wells, in the County of Somerset; and for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and watering the said Roads, and the Streets, Lanes and Public Passages within the said City or Borough, the Liberty of Saint Andrew, and Suburbs of the said City or Borough; and removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances thereon. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for repairing the Roads from Stratford upon Avon in the County of Warwick, through Alcester and Feckenham, to Bradley Brook in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the same Counties. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for more effectually making, repairing and improving the Roads from the Town of Lewes through Offham to Witch Cross, from the Cliffs near Lewes aforesaid through Uckfield to Witch Cross aforesaid, and from the Cliffe aforesaid to Burwash, all in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xv. An Act for more effectually repairing and amending the Roads from Liverpool to Prescot, Ashton and Warrington, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers granted by Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Skipton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Leeds to Ripon, near Ockbeck, in the Township of Bilton with Harrogate, and from thence to communicate with the Road leading from Knaresborough to Wetherby, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for continuing and amending Four Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Roads leading from Wades Mill, in the County of Hertford, to Barley and Royston, in the said County. 532

xviii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Hurdlow House, through Buxton in the County of Derby, and Stockport in the County Palatine of Chester, to Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties. Ibid.

xix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for keeping in Repair several Roads leading from the Town of Ivelchester, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing the Road from Denbigh to Saint Asaph, and from thence to Ruthland, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint. Page 532

xxi. An Act to enable the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the County of Middlesex, to effectuate the building of Four District Churches in the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for establishing a proper Place for holding Markets and Fairs for the Sale of Live Stock in the City of Gloucester, and the Suburbs thereof, and for opening convenient Avenues thereto, and for watching and otherwise improving the said City. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for more effectually converting into Money the Statute Labour of the County of Sutherland, and for more effectually making and maintaining Roads therein, to which the Statute Labour is applicable, and increasing the Amount of Bridge Money leviable within the same. 533

xxiv. An Act for repealing an Act of the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, for providing an additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Parish Church and Chapel for the said Parish. Ibid.

xxv. An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin, Overton, Whitchurch, Hurstbourne Priors, Andover and Middle Wallop, in the County of Southampton, to a Place called Lobcomb Corner, in the Parish of Winterslow, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Henley Bridge, in the County of Oxford, to Dorchester Bridge, and from thence to Culham Bridge, and to a Place called Milestone, in the Road leading to Magdalen Bridge, in the said County. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for more effectually making, repairing and improving the Road from near the Place where the Broil Park Gate formerly stood to the Horsebridge Turnpike Road on the Dicker, and from the Blacksmith's Shop in Horsebridge Street to the Town of Battle, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act to consolidate an Act for making and repairing the Road leading from the North Queensferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth and to the Town of Dunfermline, with an Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Fife, Kinross, Perth and Clackmannan. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for continuing the Term, and amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for more effectually repairing the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham. 534

xxx. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, to join the Road from Nottingham to Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, near the Guide Poet on the Foss Road, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham. Page 534

xxxi. An Act for repairing and improving the Road from Skipton, in the County of York, to Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of Their late Majesties King George the Second and King George the Third, for repairing the Road from Newport, in the County of Salop, to Welsh Harp, in the Township of Stonnall, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

xxxiii. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and Whitechapel Road, to or near Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads leading from Spalding High Bridge through Littleworth, and by Frognall to James Deeping Stone Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, and thence to Maxey Outgang, in the County of Northampton, adjoining the High Road there. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Eighteenth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, so far as the same relate to the Road from Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey, to Newbridge, in the County of Sussex. 535

xxxvi. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Brokencross, in Macclesfield, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road at Buxton, in the County of Derby, and certain Branches of Road to communicate with the said Macclesfield Road; and for making a new Road from The Waters in Macclesfield to Buxton aforesaid. Ibid.

xxxvii. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. Ibid.

xxxviii. An Act for repairing the Road from the Town of Athy, in the County of Kildare, through the Town of Castlecomer, in the County of Kilkenny, to the City of Kilkenny, and from the Town of Castlecomer to the Town of Leighlin Bridge, in the County of Carlow, and from the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Castlecomer. Ibid.

xxxix. An Act to continue the Term, and to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road leading from Burleigh Bridge in Loughborough, to Ashby de la Zouch in the County of Leicester; and also the Road branching out of the said Road at Coleorton Church, to Rempstone, in the Counties of Leicester and Nottingham. Ibid.

xl. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and amending the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road leading from the High Street in the City of Rochester, to Maidstone, in the County of Kent; and for amending and improving the Road branching from the said Road at the Bridgewood Gates, and running into the Town of Chatham, in the said County of Kent. Ibid.

xli. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Flimwell Vent, in the Parish of Ticehurst, in the County of Sussex, to the Town and Port of Hastings, in the said County. Page 536

xlii. An Act for extending the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for constructing an Harbour in Mount's Bay, in the County of Cornwall. Ibid.

xliii. An Act to remove Doubts as to the Power of the Commissioners of Exchequer Bills to advance a further Sum of Money to the Regent's Canal Company, and to amend the Acts for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xliv. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the River Tees at Stockton, to Wittan Park Colliery, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Durham. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and certain Places adjacent thereto. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for improving the Navigation of the River Dun, and for altering the Course thereof, by making certain new Cuts or Canals from the same; and for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers granted to the River Dun Company, by several Acts relating to the said Navigation. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for further extending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act to continue the Term and amend and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty, for paving, lighting and cleansing the Streets, and for regulating the Police of the City of Glasgow. 537

xlix. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed In the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the several Parishes within the City of Lincoln, and County of the same City, and of the Parish of Saint Margaret, Part whereof lies within the said City, and the other Part in the Close of Lincoln, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

l. An Act for incorporating the City of Coventry Gas Light Company. Ibid.

li. An Act for incorporating the South London Gas Light and Coke Company, situate in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

lii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Turnpike Road from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex, to certain Dwelling Houses erected and being beyond the Four Mile Stones upon the Ilford and Woodford Roads in the County of Essex. Ibid.

liii. An Act for more effectually making, maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the County of Aberdeen, and in the Counties of Banff and Kincardine. Ibid.

liv. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Gander Lane, in the County of Derby, to Sheffield, in the County of York, and from Mosbrough Green to Clown, both in the said County of Derby; and also for widening and altering certain Parts of the said Roads, and making and maintaining certain Branches of Road communicating therewith. Page 537

lv. An Act to repeal certain Parts of, and to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Lambeth, in the County of Surrey. 538

lvi. An Act to continue the Term, and altar and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Newport, in the Isle of Wight, and Places adjacent. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for paving, lighting and watching the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop; and for granting other Powers in lieu thereof. Ibid.

lix. An Act to repeal Two Acts made in the Forty third and Forty ninth Years of His late Majesty, for paving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and establishing a Market therein, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; for erecting Groyns, for laying a Duty on Coals imported into the said Town, and for other Purposes relating to the Improvement of the said Town. Ibid.

lx. An Act for erecting the Town of Airdrie, in the County of Lanark, into a Burgh of Barony, paving, lighting and improving the same, and establishing a Police therein. Ibid.

lxi. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford upon Avon Canal Navigation to subscribe a further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Navigation. Ibid.

lxii. An Act for giving further Powers to the Company of Proprietors of the River Arun Navigation, and for confirming certain Agreements entered into between the said Company and the Company of Proprietors of the Portsmouth and Arundell Navigation. Ibid.

lxiii. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from Stratford upon Avon in the County of Warwick, to Moreton in Marsh in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch to Shipston upon Stour in the County of Worcester. 539

lxiv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for improving the Drainage of the Middle and South Levels, Part of the Great Level of the Fens called Bedford Level, and other Lands therein mentioned, and for improving the Navigation of the River Ouze, in the County of Norfolk, and of the several rivers communicating therewith. Ibid.

lxv. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the County of Brecon to rebuild, repair and take down Bridges within the said County, not being County Bridges. Ibid.

lxvi. An Act for enabling the Proprietors of the Commercial Buildings, in the Town of Belfast, to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, and for the Regulation of the said Buildings, and the Property thereof. Page 539

lxvii. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor's Rates and relieving the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes relating thereto; and for authorizing the Sale of the Dust and Ashes to arise within such Parts of the said Parish as are not included in the Hans Town District; for the Application of the Money to arise by such Sale; apd for better collecting the Composition for the Repairs of the Highways of the said Parish. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act for better lighting and for watching the City of Chichester, and Places adjacent. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for supplying the Towns of Old and New Brentford, and the Villages of Tumham Green, Hammersmith and Kensington in the County of Middlesex, with Gas. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the enlightening the Streets, Lanes and Passages within the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham. Ibid.

lxxi. An Act for incorporating the Town of Dudley Gas Light Company. 540

lxxii. An Act to light and otherwise improve the Streets and other Public Passages and Places within the Hamlet of Mile End Old Town, in the Parish of Saint Dunstan, Stepney, otherwise Stebonheath, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for incorporating the Town of Portsea Gas Light Company. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for supplying the Parish of All Saints, Poplar, in the County of Middlesex, with Gas. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for lighting the Town of Barnsley, in the West Riding of the County of York, with Gas. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxvii. An Act for providing an Increase of the Annual Income of the London Institution. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for amending the Road leading from the South End of the Moor Lane, in the Township of Great Bolton, into the Turnpike Road from Manchester to Wigan, near Westhoughton Chapel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to Shaldon, and from the said Bridge to Torquay, in the County of Devon; and to alter the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for repealing an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for improving the Road from Manchester to Bolton, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Lancaster, so far as relates to the Moses Gate District of Road therein mentioned; and for granting further and more effectual Powers instead thereof; and for repairing and improving the said District of Roads, and making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said District of Road. 541

lxxxi. An Act for repairing the Road from Birmingham through Stratford upon Avon to Stratford Bridge, in the County of Warwick. Page 541

lxxxii. An Act for repairing Part of the great Road from Gloucester to Bristol, and certain Roads through and near the Towns of Berkeley, Dursley, Wotton under Edge and Stroud, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Gloucester and Wilts. Ibid.

lxxxiii. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tetbury to Symondshall, from Frocester Hill to Dunkirk, and from the Latterwood to Nailsworth, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for repairing the Road from Alemouth through Alnwick and Rothbury to Hexham, and a Branch from the said Road between Alnwick and Rothbury to Jockey's Dike Bridge, all in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for amending and more effectually repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Woburn, in the County of Bedford; and for repairing the Road leading through Woburn to Tickford Bridge, in Newport Pagnell, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road near the Town of Weston on the Green, in the County of Oxford, to the Turnpike Road on Kidlington Green, in the said County. 542

lxxxvii. An Act for enlarging, explaining and continuing certain Acts of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing and keeping in repair the Road from Parkhouse to or near the Three Mile House, in the County of Lanark. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for amending and keeping in repair the several Roads leading to and from the late Market House in Stourbridge in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads leading from and connected with the said Roads, in the Counties of Worcester and Stafford. Ibid.

lxxxix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing and widening several Roads leading from the Town of.Bewdley, in the County of Worcester to the several Places therein mentioned, in the Counties of Worcester and Salop respectively. Ibid.

xc. An Act for making a Road from Bury, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to or near a certain House, known by the Sign of The Bull and Wharf, in the Township of Little Bolton, in the said County. Ibid.

xci. An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads connected therewith, in the Counties of Worcester, Stafford and Salop. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for repairing and maintaining several Roads leading from the Town of Bromyard, in the County of Hertford, and other Roads adjoining thereto, in the said County, and in the County of Worcester. 543

xciii. An Act to continue the Term and alter and amend the Powers of Two Acts, for repairing the Road from Elsdon High Cross, near the Town of Elsdon, in the County of Northumberland, to the Red Swyre, upon the Mid Border betwixt England and Scotland. Page 543

xciv. An Act for amending the Road from Leeds to Otley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xcv. An Act to rectify Mistakes in the Titles of Two Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, the One for continuing the Term of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Foston Bridge, in the County of Lincoln, to Little Drayton, in the County of Nottingham; and the other for repairing the Road from Newark upon Trent, in the said County of Nottingham, to join the Road in the said Act mentioned, near Bingham, in the said County of Nottingham. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for providing a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the County of Salop, and for maintaining and supporting the same. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for incorporating the Company of Proprietors of the North Wilts Canal Navigation with the Company of Proprietors of the Wilts and Berks Canal Navigation; and for repealing the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canals, and for consolidating the Powers and Provisions thereof in One Act of Parliament. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act for more effectually enlarging, deepening, improving and maintaining the Harbour of Saltcoats, in the County of Ayr. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour, Pier or Cobb at the Port and Borough of Lyme Regis, in the County of Dorset. 544

c. An Act to alter and amend Three Acts, of the Fifty third, Fifty fourth and Fifty sixth Years of His late Majesty, for enabling Commissioners to erect and maintain a new Gaol and other Buildings for the County and City of Edinburgh, and for opening Communications with the same; and to enable the Trustees for Turnpike and other High Roads, in the said County of Edinburgh, to advance further Sums of Money to the said Commissioners. Ibid.

ci. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Coleham Bridge, in Shrewsbury, to the Market Place in Church Stretton, and several other Roads therein described, all in the County of Salop. Ibid.

cii. An Act for building an additional Gaol for the County of Essex, and for enlarging, improving and altering the existing Prisons for the same County. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for making the Townships and Hamlets of Tarleton, and of Hesketh with Becconsall, in the Parish of Croston, and Part of the Rectory and Vicarage thereof, in the County of Lancaster, separate and distinct Parishes. Ibid.

civ. An Act to alter and amend several Acts of His late Majesty's Reign, for paving, lighting and otherwise improving the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

cv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cley next the Sea, in the County of Norfolk; and for embanking and draining Parts of the said Lands, and Lands in the Parish of Wiveton, in the said County. Page 544

cvi. An Act to continue and amend an Act of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dundalk, in the County of Louth, to Bannbridge, in the County of Down, so far as relates to the Northern Division of the said Road. 545

cvii. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Dunstable, in the County of Bedford, to the Pondyards, in the County of Hertford. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for repairing, widening and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon, leading to and through the Borough of Lyme Regis, and from the Turnpike Road on Uplyme Hill, to the Turnpike Road at the Three Ashes, in the Parish of Crevokheme, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

cix. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, so far as relates to the Roads from the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to and through Northleach, Burford, and Witney, to Camp field, and the Turnpike Road at or near Enslow Bridge, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cx. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading to Highgate Gate House and Hampstead, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Middlesex; and for watching, lighting and otherwise improving the said Roads. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads from Todmorden to Fulledge Lane End in Burnley, and to Littleborough, in the County of Lancaster, and to Kingcross, in the Parish of Halifax, in the County of York. Ibid.

cxii. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Shoreditch Church through Hackney to Stamford Hill, in the County of Middlesex, and other Roads communicating therewith in the same County. 546

cxiii. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late Majesty, for amending the Road from Swindon to Marlborough, and from Marlborough to the Village of Everley, in the County of Wilts, so far as relates to the Marlborough District of the said Road; and also to make a Branch from the said Road to join the present Turnpike Road leading from Andover to Devizes, in the said County. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for the Completion of the rebuilding of the Church or Chapel of the Parish of Saint Nicholas in Harwich, in the County of Essex. Ibid.

cxv. An Act to alter and amend an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to vest the Sands of Traeth Mawr, dividing the Counties of Carnarvon and Merioneth, in William Alexander Madocks, Esquire; and for building Quays and other Works, for the Purpose of facilitating the landing, loading and unloading of Ships and Vessels frequenting the Harbour of Port Madoc, in the said County of Carnarvon. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for repealing the Laws relating to the Stamping, Straining and Searching of Woollen Cloth, within the West Riding of the County of York, and for substituting other Regulations of the Cloth Trade within the said Riding. Page 546

cxvii. An Act to establish an additional Company for lighting certain Parts of the Metropolis and Parts adjacent with Gas. Ibid.

cxviii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty, for improving the Communication between the County of Edinburgh and County of Fife, by the Ferries cross the Frith of Forth, between Leith and Newhaven, and Kinghorn and Bruntisland. 547

cxix. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Eastern Branch of the Montgomeryshire Canal, to alter the Line of the Tannat Feeder, to make a Navigable Cut from the Guilsfield Branch to improve the same; and to amend Two several Acts respecting the said Canal. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for erecting a Bridge over the River Almond, which divides the Counties of Edinburgh and Linlithgow. Ibid.

cxxi. An Act for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester; and for regulating the Police thereof; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

cxxii. An Act for amending certain Acts, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Lothian Road, near the City of Edinburgh, to join the Forth and Clyde Navigation near Falkirk, in the County of Stirling; and giving Power to borrow a further Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts. Ibid.

cxxiii. An Act for further continuing several Acts for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act for enabling the Grand Jury of the County of Louth to levy by Presentment certain Sums of Money expended for the building of the Court House of the said County. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act to authorize the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway Company to vary the Line of a certain Part of the said Railway; and to amend the Acts passed for making the said Railway. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act to improve Market Street, in the Town of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Approaches thereto; and to amend an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty for building a Bridge across the River Irwell, from Water Street, in the Township of Salford, to Saint Mary's Gate, in the Township of Manchester. 548

cxxvii. An Act for enlarging, explaining and amending the Powers granted by certain Acts passed for improving the Road from the City of Glasgow to the City of Carlisle. Ibid.

cxxviii. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for repairing the Road from Basingstoke, through Wortin and other Places in the County of Southampton, to Lobcomb Corner, in the County of Wilts, and other Roads in the County of Southampton. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

1. AN Act for inclosing Lands within the Parish of Ivinghoe in the County of Buckingham. Page 549

2. An Act to extend, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Moreton Valence, and in the Hamlet or Tything of Putloe in the Parish of Standish, both in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

3. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands within the Parish of Great Dumford, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

4. An Act for dividing Lands in the Hamlet of Higham, in the County of Suffolk. 550

5. An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Winchester to sell Winchester House in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for applying the Money to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of another Residence for the Bishops of Winchester, and for the several other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Taynton, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

7. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Londesborough, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Walesby, Kirton and Egmanton, in the County of Nottingham, and for exonerating the same, and also the old inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said several Parishes, from the Payment of Tithes. Ibid.

9. An Act for carrying into effect a Contract entered into for the Sale of certain Copyhold Hereditaments, in the Townships of Backworth, Earsdon, Monkseaton and Preston, within the Manor of Tynemouth, in the County of Northumberland, the Estate of Ralph William Grey Esquire, to The Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates sold. 551

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships or Divisions of Kirkby Ireleth and of Lindale and Marton, in the Parish of Dalton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

11. An Act for embanking, draining, inclosing and improving certain Salt Marshes and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Burnham Norton, Burnham Deepdale and Burnham Overy, in the County of Norfolk. Ibid.

12. An Act for inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Manor and Township of Alsager, in the Parish of Barthondey, in the County of Chester. Ibid.

13. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Worstead, in the County of Norfolk. Page

14. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to sell such Parts of the Estates of Munshes and others, situated in the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright and in the County of Dumfries, which were entailed by John Maxwell Esquire, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment and Satisfaction of the Debts, Provisions and other Deeds of the Entailer. 552

15. An Act to enable the Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and his Successors, to demise the Mansion House of Tallaght, with the Offices, Houses, Gardens and Demesne, situate at Tallaght, in the County of Dublin, belonging to the Archbishop of Dublin. Ibid.

16. An Act to enable Mary Patten Bold the younger, and others, Devisees under the Will of Peter Patten Bold Esquire, deceased, to grant Leases of Coal Mines in the Township of Sutton, in the County of Lancaster, and Leases of Waste Lands in the Parish of North Meols, in the said County; and to authorize Trustees to fell Timber on the devised Estates, and lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the same Uses to which the same devised Estates are limited. Ibid.

17. An Act for vesting certain Impropriate Tithes in the County of Surrey, strictly entailed by and under the Directions in the Will of Robert Austen Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold; and for investing the Money arising from such Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

18. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parish and Manor of Kenn, in the County of Devon. 55S

19. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Stoke D'Abernon, otherwise Stoke Dawborne, in the Parishes of Stoke D'Abernon, otherwise Stoke Dawborne, and Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

20. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Melbourne otherwise Waterville Esher, in the several Parishes of Esher and Cobham, or one of them, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

21. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Tallaght, Killsillaghan alias Killsoughan, and Luske in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

22. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Manors of Broad Town and Thornhill, in the Parishes of Broad Hinton and Cliffe Pypard, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

23. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bosham and Funtington, in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

24. An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parish or Parishes of Bourton on the Hill, and Moreton in Marsh, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

25. An Act for repealing certain Parts of an Act of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Duffield, in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York; and for amending and explaining the said Act. 554

26. An Act to enable James Weller Ladbrooke Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands in Kensington, Paddington, Nottingbarns and Westborne, in the County of Middlesex. Page 554

27. An Act for obviating Doubts as to the Power of the surviving Devisees in Trust under the Will of Sir Drummond Smith Baronet, to convey in the Lifetime of Dame Elizabeth Smith his Widow, certain Freehold, Copyhold and Leasehold Estates, situate in the Counties of Hertford and Buckingham, pursuant to a Contract entered into by the said Trustees and William Kay Esquire. Ibid.

28. An Act for vesting the devised Estates of Sir Thomas Windsor Hunloke Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, and for enabling them to sell the Whole, or Part thereof, for the Purpose of discharging Incumbrances and creating a Fund to answer the Charges under his Will, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

29. An Act for effecting an Exchange of Part of the Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Hinton Walrishf in the County of Berks, for other Lands in the same Parish, belonging to John Loder Symonds Esquire. Ibid.

30. An Act for vesting Parts of the Settled Estates of William Ormsby Gore Esquire and Mary Jane his Wife, in Trustees, upon Trust to self, and for laying out the Monies arising from such Sales in the Purchase of more convenient Estates. 555

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Whitley, in the Parish of Kirkheaton, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Easthampstead, in the County of Berks. Ibid.

33. An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanrwst, in the several Counties of Denbigh and Carnarvon. Ibid.

34. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Piece of Land called King's Heath, or Malmsbury Common, situate hear the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts. Ibid.

35. An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Vicarial Tithes and Payments in lieu thereof, payable to the Vicar of the Parish of Edgbaston, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Farnham Royal, in the County of Buckingham. 556

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whittington, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

38. An Act for vesting the Estates of John Logan, late of Knock-shinnoch, in the County of Ayr, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Proceeds thereof and of his Personal Estate to be applied in Payment of his Debts and the Provisions made for his Children; and for laying out the Residue in the Purchase of other Lands, to be entailed in favour of the same Persons, and on the Conditions of the Deed of Entail executed by the said John Logan. Ibid.

39. An Act to empower the Warden and Poor Men of the Hospital of The Holy and Undivided Trinity in East Greenwich, of the Foundation of Henry Howard Earl of Northampton, to sell certain Estates in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, to His Grace the Duke of Northumberland, and to apply the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be subject to the like Uses. Page 556

40. An Act to enable the surviving Trustee under the Will of John Satterthwaite Esquire, deceased, to sell the Real Estates thereby devised, during the Lifetime of the Testator's Widow, and to pay the Purchase Monies into the Bank, to be applied under the Directions of the Court of Chancery. Ibid.

41. An Act to enable the Trustees of an Estate at Rowley Regis in the County of Stafford, belonging to Deritend Chapel, in the Parish of Aston, near Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to demise the Mines under the same, and lay out the Money to arise therefrom in Lands, and apply the Rents in Manner therein mentioned. 557

42. An Act for enabling George Earl of Aberdeen and William Lord Bishop of London, the Guardians of James Marquis of Abercorn, a Minor, to make freehold Leases of his Estates in Ireland, during his Minority. Ibid.

43. An Act for confirming a Partition of certain Estates in the County of Worcester, and for barring and otherwise disposing of the Estates Tail, and other Interests created by the Will of John Embury Esquire, deceased, in the said Estates, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

44. An Act to enable the Prebendary of the Prebend of Brownswood, in the County of Middlesex, founded in the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, in London, to grant a Lease of the Manor of Brownswood, in the said County, Parcel of the said Prebend, in manner therein mentioned, and to enable the granting of Sub Leases for building thereon, and otherwise improving the same, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

45. An Act for effecting an Exchange of an Estate at Longdon, in the County of Stafford, devised by the Will of Thomas Jeffries Avarne, for an Estate at Abbots Bromley, in the said County, belonging to the Most Honourable Henry William Marquess of Anglesey. Ibid.

PRIVATE ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

46. AN Act for allotting Lands within the Hamlet or Township of Hailey, in the Parish of Witney, in the County of Oxford.

[Power for the perpetual Curate to lease, 26.]

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bromley, in the County of Kent.

[Allotment to the Bishop of Rochester, as Lord of the Manor, Soil and Waste Lands, 23. Allotment of the Residue, 25. Allotment to the Rector to be fenced as herein mentioned, 26. How Allotments to be made to Lord of Manor in the Half Year Lands, 27. Power for the Bishop to grant Leases, 28.]

48. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Stapleford Abbot, in the County of Essex.

[Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor in Right of Soil, 18. Allotment of the Residue, 19. Power for the Rector to lease, 20. No Lease of Rectors Lands to be valid unless the King's Consent be first obtained, 21. Extract of so much of the Award as relates to the King's Allotment to be sent to the Surveyor General, 31.]

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tempster otherwise Tiertref in the County of Montgomery.

50. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parish of Great Bookham, in the County of Surrey.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Basingham, in the County of Norfolk.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Little Barningham and Calthorpe, in the County of Norfolk.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Tangmere, in the County of Sussex.

54. An Act for inclosing, dividing and allotting certain Common Land within the Parish of Felsted, in the County of Essex.

[Act not to take away Right of Tithes over Land to be allotted under this Act.]

55. An Act for naturalizing Joze Luis Fernandes.

56. An Act for obviating a Doubt arising on the Power of Sale and Exchange, contained in the Will of Francis Lloyd late of Domgay, in the County of Montgomery, Esquire, and for facilitating the Exercise of such Power.

57. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Barnwell All Saints, with the adjoining Rectory and Parish Church of Barnwell Saint Andrew, both in the County of Northampton.

58. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common called Pattiswick Green, and other Waste Lands, within the Manor of Fering cum Pattiswick, and Parish of Pattiswick, in the County of Essex.

[Allotment to the Bishop of London, as Lord of the Manor, in lieu of Right of Soil, 17. Allotment to the Incumbent in right of Glebe, and in lieu of Tithes, 18. Allotments to the Lord Bishop and the Incumbent, to be fenced as hereby directed, 20. Power for the Incumbent and Bishop of London to grant Leases, 23, 24. Proviso for Rights of the said Bishop as Lord of the Manor, 35.]

59. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Honourable William Richard Annesley, commonly called Lord Viscount Glerawly, with the Honourable Isabella, commonly called Viscountess Glerawly, his Wife; and to enable him to marry again; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[Adverts removed.]

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII IV. Britanniarum Regis Primo & Secundo.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty first Day of April, Anno Domini 1820, in the First Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Fourth, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by Prorogation, to the Twenty third Day of January 1821, being the Second Session of the Seventh Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to make Provision for Her Majesty the Queen.

[23d February 1821.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS in and by the Treaty for the Marriage of His present Majesty, then Prince of Wales, and Her Majesty the Queen, then Princess Caroline of Brunswick, it was stipulated and agreed, that in the event of the Death of His Majesty, the annual Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds should be secured to Her said Majesty, in lieu of Dower:

[35 G. 3. c. 129.]

And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better enabling His Majesty to make Provision for a sure and certain Jointure for her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, for the Term of her Life: And Whereas no Letters Patent for granting any Annuity under this Act were ever granted by His said late Majesty:

[54 G. 3. c. 160.]

And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to settle an Annuity upon Her Royal Highness the Princess of Wales, during the joint Lives of His Majesty and Her Royal Highness; whereby it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for His Majesty, then Prince Regent, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to Her said Majesty, then Princess of Wales, one Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, for and during the joint Lives of His late Majesty and of Her Majesty, then Princess of Wales; and it was further enacted, that His Majesty, then

2 C. 1. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Prince Regent, was thereby declared to be and should be, and was by that Act freed and fully indemnified against and wholly discharged from all Debts, Claims and Demands which might thereafter be incurred by, or might in any manner have arisen or might thereafter arise out, of any Expenditure of Her Majesty, then Princess of Wales; and every Action, or Suit, or Proceeding against His Majesty, then Prince of Wales, or against any Commissioner or Officer of His Majesty, then Prince of Wales, or affecting any Revenue of His Majesty, then Prince of Wales, for or in respect of any such Debt, Claim or Demand, should be and was thereby declared to be wholly null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And Whereas by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, granted and executed in pursuance of the said last recited Act, an Annuity of Thirty five thousand Pounds, of lawful Money of Great Britain, was given to Her Majesty the Queen, then Princess of Wales, to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and fourteen,

and to continue during the joint Lives of His said late Majesty and Her Majesty: And Whereas the said Annuity having ceased by the Demise of His late Majesty, it is necessary that further Provision should be made for Her Majesty the Queen: Therefore We, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[His Majesty empowered to grant an Annuity of 50,000l. to the Queen: to commence Jan. 5. 1820.]

That it shall be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to give and grant to Her said Majesty the Queen, for the separate Use of Her said Majesty, One Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be issuing and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; which Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and continue from thenceforth for and during the natural Life of Her Majesty;

[62,500l., the Money accruing to be paid on April 5. 1821; afterwards Annuity to be paid Quarterly.]

and that on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Sum of Sixty two thousand five hundred Pounds shall be issued and paid to Her Majesty out of the said Consolidated Fund, being the Amount of the said Annuity accruing between the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty and the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the said Annuity shall be paid and payable at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January, and the Fifth Day of April in every Year, by even and equal Portions; the First Quarterly Payment thereof to be made on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and that the said Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds shall and may

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 1. 3

be issuing and payable out of the said Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as shall nave been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing this Act, and with a Preference to all other Payments which shall or may at any time or times after the passing of this Act be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

[Annuity to be payable at the Exchequer;]

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be paid and payable at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer; and the Auditor of the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required, by virtue of such Letters Patent, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time, for paying the said Annuity, as the same shall become due and payable,

[without fee.]

without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any part thereof; and the Acquittance or Acquittances, Receipt or Receipts of Her said Majesty, or of such other Person or Persons as shall by Her said Majesty be duly authorized and appointed to receive the said Annuity or any part thereof, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge for the Payment thereof;

[Debentures, a sufficient Authority for Payment.]

and the said Debentures, to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer, now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity to Her said Majesty, or any such Person as aforesaid, during the Continuance thereof, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that behalf.

[30,277l.8s.10d. advanced to Her Majesty out of 200,000l. granted last Session, to be retained in the Exchequer.]

III. And Whereas the Sum of Thirty thousand two hundred and seventy seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten pence has been advanced to Her Majesty, out of the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds granted in the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty, among other things, to make such Advances as might be necessary for the Expences of Her Majesty until Parliament should make other Provison in respect thereof; Be it therefore enacted, That out of the first Monies directed to be issued and paid to Her Majesty out of the Consolidated Fund, under the Provisions of this Act, there shall be retained in the Exchequer, to continue and remain, and be carried to the Account of the said Consolidated Fund, a Sum equal to the said Sum of Thirty thousand two hundred and seventy seven Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten pence, so advanced to Her Majesty as aforesaid.

[Annuity, free from Taxes, &c. and to be in Bar of Dower, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity of Fifty thousand Pounds, and every part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatsoever, imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever; and such Annuity shall be and be deemed to be a Bar to any Right or Claim under the said Marriage Treaty, or the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, or otherwise howsoever, or to Dower, or to any Part of any Personal Estate of His Majesty, in the event of Her Majesty surviving His Majesty.

4 C. 2. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

CAP. II.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole.

[23d February 1821.]

[58 G. 3. c. 20.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty eighth year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually discovering the Longitude at Sea, and encouraging Attempts to find a Northern Passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and to approach the Northern Pole,

[10.]

it was enacted, That if any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or to His Majesty, shall first find out and sail through any Passage by Sea between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans in any Direction or Parallel of the Northern Hemisphere, the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, if belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of such Ships or Vessels if belonging to His Majesty, so first finding out and sailing through such Passage, shall receive a Reward for such Discovery of Twenty thousand Pounds:

[11.]

And Whereas it was further enacted, that if any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, should approach within One Degree of the Northern Pole, the Owner of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, if belonging to any of His Majesty's Subjects, or the Commander or Commanders, Officers, Seamen and Marines of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, if belonging to His Majesty, so first approaching within One Degree of the Northern Pole, should be entitled to receive a Reward of Five thousand Pounds:

[12.]

And Whereas it was further enacted for the Encouragement of Persons who may attempt the said Passage or Approach to the Northern Pole, but not wholly accomplish the same, that the Commissioners for Discovering the Longitude at Sea* might by their Memorial propose to His Majesty in Council to direct and establish proportionate Rewards to be paid to such Person as aforesaid, who shall first have accomplished certain Proportions of the said Passage or Approach; and if His Majesty in Council should be pleased to sanction and approve the said Proposal, then that the same should be published in the London Gazette, and any Person or Persons accomplishing such Passages, or the specified Proportions of them, should be entitled on the Award of the said Commissioners to receive such total or proportionate Sums as may have been offered for the Object which he or they may have then accomplished: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether such proportionate Rewards be. over and above the said Sums of Twenty thousand and Five thousand Pounds respectively, or only Parts and Proportions of the said Sums:* For the Removal of all such Doubts, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The proportionate Rewards directed by recited Act, and pursuant to any Order in Council, held to be Parts only of the several Sums of 20,000l. and 5000l.]

That from and after the passing

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 2, 3. 5

of this Act, such proportionate Rewards shall be held and taken to be Proportions and Parts only of the said Sums of Twenty thousand and Five thousand Pounds respectively, and that such proportionate Rewards as His Majesty may be pleased hereafter to direct and establish by His Order in Council under the said Act, shall be Parts and Proportions only of the said Sums, so that no more than the said respective Sums of Twenty thousand and Five thousand Pounds shall be paid or payable under such Order in Council, for the Accomplishment of the whole of the said Passage or Approach respectively, whether the same shall be attempted or accomplished by Proportions or Parts, or by One Voyage only.

[Orders in Council under this or recited Act may be revoked.]

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty in Council to revoke, annul, alter or amend, as from time to time may seem necessary and proper, any Order or Orders in Council already made, or hereafter to be made, under the Authority of the said recited Act or of this Act.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits and Sweets, in Great Britain: and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[23d February 1821.]

[This Act is the same as 60 G. 3. & 1 G. 4. c. 3. except as to Dates and Sums, and as to the Sections that are here retained.]

[How the Duties on Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff shall be raised.]

---

II. AND be it further enacted, That the said Duties on Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, hereby continued and imposed, shall be respectively raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied, in such and the like manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which other the Duties of Excise upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, are or may be by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, raised, levied, collected, recovered, paid and applied; and the said Persons, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, or Commodities by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the said Duties hereby imposed, shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, to which such Persons, Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, were generally or specially subject and liable by any such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, now in force relating to or concerning His Majesty's Revenue of Excise on Malt, Tobacco or Snuff respectively; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for securing Duties of Excise on Malt, Tobacco or Snuff respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and: put in Execution, for and

6 C. 3. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

in respect of the said several Duties of Excise respectively hereby imposed, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And Whereas Maltsters and Makers of Malt for Exportation do frequently mix the Produce of Two or more Steepings of Corn or Grain that have been entered to be made into Malt for Exportation, on or as soon as it comes off from the Kiln, by reason whereof the Officers for the Duties on Malt cannot ascertain the real Produce thereof, by which Means great Quantities of each Steeping of such Malt are or may be privately conveyed away, and made use of for Home Consumption, though the same has not been charged with the Duty, as all Malt made for Home Consumption ought to be:

[Steepings of Malt for Exportation shall be kept separate till measured.]

Be it enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers Of Malt for Exportation, shall keep the whole and entire Quantity of his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt for Exportation, of One Steeping or Wetting, when the same shall be on the Kiln, or after the same shall be taken off the Kiln, separate and apart from all and every Part of any other former Steeping or Wetting of Corn or Grain, until the same shall have been measured by such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of some Officer or Officers for the Duty upon Malt,

[Penalty 50l.]

on pain of forfeiting and losing the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

[Notice to Officers for taking Malt off Kilns.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That all such Maltsters, or Makers of Malt for Exportation, shall give Notice in Writing to some Officer or Officers of the Duties upon Malt, or shall leave Notice in Writing at the next Office of Excise where the Journal is kept, of the Hour when he, she or they shall intend to take any Malt off the Kiln or Kilns, that such Officer or Officers may attend the measuring of such Malt; and after such Malt has been measured, the same shall be immediately carried on Shipboard, if intended to be then exported, or else shall be immediately locked up and secured in some Storehouse or other Place belonging to such Maltsters or Makers of Malt, in the Presence of the said Officer or Officers,

[Penalty 50l.]

on pain of forfeiting the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

[Clandestinely opening Locks of Storehouses.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Maltster or Maltsters, or Maker or Makers of Malt, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, by his Order, Privity or Direction, after any Steeping or making of Malt shall have been locked up and secured in any Storehouse or other Place or Places in manner as aforesaid, shall open any of the Locks or Doors, or shall make any way or kind of Entrance into such Storehouse or other Place or Places, or shall remove any Part whatsoever of the Partition between any such Storehouse or Place and any other Place or Places whatsoever next thereunto adjoining, or shall remove out of the said Storehouse or other Place any Quantity whatsoever of the Malt that has been so locked up and secured, without the Knowledge and Consent of, or without first having given Notice to some Officer or Officers for the said Duties,

[Penalty 100l.]

he, she or they shall respectively forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[Additional Duties on]

XI. And Whereas the additional Duties of Excise on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters, imported into Great

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 3. 7

---

[Foreign Spirits and on Sweets

Britain, and on Sweets or Made Wines made in Great Britain for Sale, granted by an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua

4^3 ^y8,

Vitae or Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, granted , <] 47 g/3.

by an Act made in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of . i. c. 27.

His said late Majesty, which would have expired at a certain continued to limited time after the Ratification of the definitive Treaty of Ju, Jr5* 18-2 *

Peace, had not the same been continued, were and are, by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of His said late Majesty's 5GG. 3: c. 17.

Reign, continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and it is expedient further to continue the same:' Be it therefore enacted, That all the said additional Duties of Excise on Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters imported into Great Britain, and on Sweets or Made Wines made in Great Britain for Sale, granted respectively, and continued as aforesaid, shall be, and the same respectively are hereby further continued until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the additional Duties on The said Dutien Foreign Spirits and Sweets hereby continued, shall and may be to be levied as respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, other Duties of adjudged, mitigated and allowed in such and the like manner, xcl*Ca and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, so by the said Acts respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedules annexed to the said Acts, shall be and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares and Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise, and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament, in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for se* Former Act# caring the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improve- in force* ment thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and the same are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the several Duties and Drawbacks of Excise hereby contained, in as full, ample, and beneficial manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions,

Fines, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures respectively, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

8 C. 4, 5, 6. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

CAP. IV.

An Act for supplying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[23d February 1821.]

"THE 5,000,000l. remaining to be received on Jan. 29. 1821, to be applied towards the Supply for 1821, and issued accordingly."

CAP. V.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments, and for extending the time limited for certain of those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Hilary Term One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and to allow Persons to make and file such Affidavits, although the Persons whom they served shall have neglected to take out their Annual Certificates.

[24th March 1821.]

[This Act is the same as 60 G. 3. Sf 1 G. 4. c. 10. except as to Dates.]

CAP. VI.

An Act to continue for Two Years from the passing thereof to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the several Acts for the Transportation of Offenders from Great Britain.

[24th March 1821.]

56 G. S. 27.

25 G. 3. c. 46.

39 G. 3. c. 101.

28 G. 3. c. 24.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend several Laws relative to the Transportation of Offenders, to continue in force until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, whereby divers Provisions were made for the Transportation of Offenders from England and Wales: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Transportation of Felons and other Offenders in that part of Great Britain called Scotland, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cases, certain Parts of which Act were by the first recited Act continued in force until the same First Day of May: And Whereas an Act for enlarging the Powers of the stud first recited Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, to continue in force until the same First Day of Mays and* it hi expedient further to continue the said Acts, and also so much of an Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking <ff the Duties on the importation

1o&2o GEO. IV. C. 6  9.

of Foreign Ratv Linen Yarns made of Flax, and to the {preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment

and Transportation of Offenders; as relates to His Majesty's

authorizing Persons to make Contracts for the Transportation of Offenders, and directing Security to be given in that behalf;

and an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His said late 4SG. 3. c. 15. Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to facilitate and render mort

easy the Transportation of Offenders, for the further Term hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by /ind with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the (So for as resaid Acts of the Fifty sixth, Fifty ninth, and Forty third Years of #Pect* Trans-His said late Majesty's Reign, and so much of the said Act of the

Twenty fifth Year of the same Reign, as relates to the Transport- further*con-ation of Offenders from Scotland, and to their Removal to temporary tinued.

Places of Confinement, and so much of the said Act of the Twenty eighth Year of the same Reign as relates to His Majesty authorizing Persons to make Contracts for the Transportation of Offenders, and directing Security to be given in that behalf, shall be and thd same are hereby continued in force for Two Years from the passing of this Act, to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. VII.

An act to make perpetual an Act of the Fifty eighth Year of His late Majesty, to allow the Importation into certain Ports in Nova Scotia and New Brunswick, of certain enumerated Articles, and the Re-exportation thereof from such Ports.

[24th March 1821.]

[58 G. 3. c. 19. made perpetual.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for staying Proceedings against any Governor or other Persons concerned in imposing and levying Duties in New South Wales; for continuing certain Duties; and for empowering the said Governor to levy a Duty on Spirits made in the said Colony.

[24th March 1821.]

[59 G. 3. c. 114. further continued.]

CAP. IX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th March 1821.]

[This Act is the same, and all the Schedules are also the same as 1 G. 4. c. 19. except as to Dates and the Sections that art here retained.]

C. 9.

l&2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Deserter enlisted for a limited Term may be sentenced to serve for Life, &c.and be adjudged to other Forfeitures.

General Courts-martial to consist of 13 or 9 Commissioned Officers, except in certain Places.

General Courts Martial (except, Ac.) not to consist of less than 13 Members.

No General Court Martial of less than 13, (exception) to sentence Soldier to Loss of Life, &c.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier in any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces, so convicted of Desertion, shall appear to have enlisted for a limited Term of Years, it shall be lawful for such Court to sentence any such Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier so enlisted in any Regiment or Corps of His Majesty's Regular Forces to serve for Life as a Soldier, or for any Number of Years beyond the Period for which such Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier' shall have enlisted in the Regiment in which he so enlisted, or generally in any Regiment or Corps-which His Majesty shall please to direct; and any Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier may in any Case of Desertion be adjudged to forfeit all Benefit or Advantage as to Increase of Pay, or as to Pension or Discharge, which might otherwise have accrued to such Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier from the Length of his previous Service, and such Forfeiture may in such Cases of Desertion be adjudged in addition to any other Punishment, if the Court should think fit.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all General Courts Martial held under the Authority of this Act shall consist of Thirteen or Nine Commissioned Officers, as the Case may require; except the same shall be holden upon any Officer, Noncommissioned Officer or Private Soldier of His Majesty's Forces, which shall be serving in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in His Majesty's Colony of the Bermuda Isles; in which cases any General Court Martial may consist of any Number not less thqp Seven; and except the same shall be holden in Africa or in New South Wales, in which Places such General Courts Martial may consist of any Number not less than Five; of whom none shall be under the Degree of a Commissioned Officer; nor shall the President of any General Court Martial be the Officer commanding in Chief, or Governor of the Garrison where the Offender shall be tried, nor under the Degree of a Field Officer, unless where a Field Officer cannot be had; nor in any Case whatsoever under the Degree of a Captain.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no General Court Martial for the Trial of any Officer (except the same shall be holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, and out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in His Majesty's Colony of the Bermuda Isles, or in Africa, or New South Wales) , shall consist ot less than Thirteen Members.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no General Court Martial, consisting of any less Number than Thirteen Commissioned Officers, unless holden in any Place beyond the Seas out of His Majesty's Dominions, or out of any of the Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or in His Majesty's Colony of the Bermuda Isles, or in Africa, or New South Wales as aforesaid, shall sentence any Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier to Loss of Life or Limb, or Transportation.

l*&2 GEO. IV.

11

C. 9.

XCIX. And Whereas various Persons are in the Habit of advertising for Recruits for Regiments of the Line, the Embodied Militia, or for the Service of the Honourable the East India Company, and also under the Pretence of procuring Substitutes for the same, to the great Detriment of the Service Be it therefore further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever who shall after the passing of this Act advertise, post or disperse, or cause to be advertised, posted or dispersed, Bills for the Purpose of procuring Recruits or Substitutes, or shall open or keep any Houses or Place of Rendezvous purporting in any manner whatever to be connected with the Recruiting Service or Department for the Line, Embodied Militia, or East India Company, or shall interfere or be concerned directly or indirectly in any manner or way therewith (except such Recruiting Parties as may be stationed under the Command and Direction of the respective Field Officers of Districts, without the express Permission in Writing of the Adjutant-General, if for the Line or Embodied Militia, or of the Court of Directors, if for the Honourable East India Company's Service) , or shall receive any Person or Persons as aforesaid at his House or Office under any such Bill or Advertisement on any Pretence whatever, shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered on Conviction before a Magistrate, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other to the Poor of the Parish where such Information shall be laid; and on Default of Payment thereof shall be committed to the Common Gaol or other Public Prison, at the Discretion of the Magistrate, for any Period not exceeding Three Months, and not less than One Month, for each and every such Offence.

CLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person shall harbour, conceal or assist any Deserter from His Majesty's Service, knowing him to be such, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender; One Moiety of the said Penalty to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter did belong, and shall be credited by such Agent in his Public Accounts, and a Report of the Penalty being adjudged shall be made to the Secretary at War by the Justice of the Peace by whom the same shall have been imposed; and in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of harbouring, concealing, or assisting any such Deserter, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalty awarded against him or her for such Offence^ or shall not pay such Penalty within Four Days after such Conviction, then and in such Case, such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Six .Months: Provided also, that if any Person shall knowingly detain, buy or exchange, or otherwise receive* from any Soldier or Deserter, or any other Person, upon any Account

Advertising Tor Recruits without Authority.

Penalty 20l.

Concealing Deserters.

Penalty 20l.

Receiving any Arms, Clothes, &c. of Soldiers or Deserters, &c.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

C. 9.

Penalty 5l. Buying Oats, &c.

Hay or Forage provided for His Majesty's Service. Penalty 5l.

Distress.

If no Distress.

Punishment *

count or Pretence whatsoever, any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to the King, or any Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provision, or any Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks provided under any Regulations relating thereto, or any such Articles belonging to any Soldier or Deserter as are generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, according to the Custom of the Array, being provided for the Soldier, and paid for by Deductions out of his Pay, or cause the Colour of any such Clothes to be changed, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; or if any Person shall buy or receive any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or shall move, procure, counsel, solicit or entice any Dragoon or other Soldier knowing him to be such, to sell, or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, the Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds; and upon Conviction, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any of His Ma-

K's Justices of the Peace, the said respective Penalties of Five ids, and Five Pounds, shall be levied, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, One Moiety of the said first-mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and One Moiety of the said last-mentioned Penalty of Five Pounds to be paid to the Informer, and the Residue of the said respective Penalties to be paid to the Agent of the Regiment or Corps to which any such Deserter or Soldier did belong, who shall report the same to the Secretary at War, and credit the same in his Public Accounts; and in case any such Offender, who shall be convicted as aforesaid of having knowingly received any Arms, Clothes, Caps or other Furniture belonging to the King, 'or any such Meat, Drink, Beer or other Provisions, or Sheets, or other Articles used in Barracks, or any such Articles generally deemed Regimental Necessaries, or of having caused the Colour of such Clothes to be changed, or of having bought or received any Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage provided for the Use of any Horse or Horses belonging to His Majesty's Service, from any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, or of having moved, procured, counselled, solicited or enticed any Dragoon or other Soldier, knowing him to be such, to sell or otherwise dispose of any such Oats, Hay, Straw or other Forage as aforesaid, contrary to the Intent of this Act, shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon Distress may be made to the Value of the Penalties recovered against him or her for such Offence, or shall not pay such Pentuties upon such Conviction, or give sufficient Security for Payment thereof within the Space of Four Days from such Conviction, then and in such Case such Justice of the Peace shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, either commit such Offender to the Common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for the Space of Three Months, or cause such Offender to be publicly or privately whipped, at the Discretion of such Justice.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 10  12.

13

CAP. X.

An Act for the Regulating of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[24th March 1821.]

[This Act and the Schedules thereto are the same as 1 G. 4.

c. 20. except as to Dates.]

CAP. XI.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, the Bounties on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and the Duties on the Importation of Buck Wheat.

[24th March 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the 49 g. 5. c. 112.

W Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to grants until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of G reat Britain, several additional Bounties were granted on certain Manufactures of Silk exported, which said Bounties are near expiring, and fit to be continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Bounties Bounties on so granted by the said Act, upon the Exportation of certain Ma- E*porution of nufactures of Silk, shall be continued from the said Fifth Day of Sl continu July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one to the Twenty

fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of 59G.S. c. 22.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, the Duties imposed by the said Act upon the Importation of Buck Wheat, inserted, described and set forth in the Table marked (A.)

to the said Act annexed, which was continued in force until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, are near expiring, and fit to be continued Be it therefore enacted, That the Duties so imposed by the said Act Duties on Tm-upon the Importation of Buck Wheat, shall be continued from the partition of said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and "uck Wheat twenty one to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight cont, nue<, hundred and twenty four.

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Twenty third Year of His late Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain.

[24th March 1821.]

[23 G. 3. c. 77. further continued.]

cup.

C. 13  15.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, to continue certain Laws of Excise with regard to Crown Glass, and Flint and Phial Glass, and to alter certain Laws with regard to Flint Glass.

[24-th March 1821.]

[59 G.3. c. 104?. as continued by 1 G.4. c. 16. further continued.]

CAP. XIV.

An act to revive and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, an Act of the Seventh Year of King George the Second, for the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo.

[24th March 1821.]

44 7 G. 2. c. 18. as continued by subsequent Acts, and revived by

44 54-G. 3. c. 51. and 56 G. 3. c. 2., and continued by 57 G. 3.

44 c. 23., revived and further continued.

CAP. XV.

An Act to authorize the Transfer of Stocks, and Payment of Dividends, of Lunatics residing out of England.

[24th March 1821.]

Where Stock standing in the Name of any

WHEREAS by the Laws in being, relative to the Transfer of Stocks and Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, all such Transfers are required to be entered and registered, and such Entries are required to be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and to be signed by the Parties making such Transfers, or (if such Parties be absent) by their Attornies lawfully authorized; and it is also declared, that no other Method of assigning or transferring such Stocks and Annuities shall be good and available in Law: And Whereas it hath frequently happened, that Persons having Parts of such Stocks and Annuities standing in their Names, and residing out of England, have become Lunatic, and the Personal Estate of such Persons has, according to the Laws of the Place wherein they resided, being duly vested in Curators or other Persons appointed for the Management thereof: And Whereas it is proper that the Dividends upon such Stocks and Annuities should be paid to such Curators and other Persons as aforesaid; and it is (also sometimes proper and^ expedient that the Capital of such Stocks or Annuities, or some Part thereof, should be transferred; but by the Laws in being no such Payment or Transfer can be made, whereby great Inconvenience have arisen For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases where any such Stocks or Annuities transferrable,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 15, 16.

15

or thereafter to be made transferable at the Bank of Person declared England, shall be standing in the Name of tiny Person residing Lunatic residual of England, it shall and may be lawful far the Lord Chancel- ing out of Eng-lor. Lord Keeper, and Commissioners of the Great Seal of the *nti'th* Lor<* United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, airect^the1^ upon Petition and Proof being made to the Satisfaction of the Transfer upon Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners of such Great Petition.

Seal for the time being, that such Person has been declared Lunatic, and that his or her Personal Estate has been vested in a Curator or Curators, or other Person or Persons appointed for the Management thereof, according to the Laws of the Place where such Person shall reside, to order the Accountant General, Secretary or Deputy Secretary for the time being, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to transfer such Stock or Annuities, or any Part or Parts thereof, into the Name or Names of any such Curator or Curators, dr other such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or otherwise, and also to receive and pay over the Dividends thereof, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keener or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom ot Great Britain and Ireland for the time being shall think fit and direct; and that such Transfers and Payments shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any former Statute, Law,

Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it enacted, That this present Act shall be and is Indemnity to hereby declared to be a full and complete Indemnity and Dis- the Bank* charge to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, their Officers and Servants, for all Things done or permitted to be done pursuant thereto, and that the same shall not be impeached or questioned in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, to their Prejudice or Detriment; and that this present Act shall be and is hereby declared to be and to be reputed and taken as a Public Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

WHEREAS it is expedient that further Means should be provided for facilitating the Despatch of Business in the

Court of King's Bench Be it therefore enacted by The King's

Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present

Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it Three Judges

shall and may be lawful to and for the Judges of His Majesty's of King's

Court of King's Bench, or any Three or more of them, and they

are hereby required, unless prevented by Illness, Public Business Hall*3*" at "n

or other reasonable Cause, to meet at Serjeants Inn HaU, or at the Times here-

some convenient Place in Westminster, according to their Dis- in mentioned.

cretion, on the Tuesday Fortnight, or some subsequent Day before

+Easter Term now next ensuing, and also on the Twentieth Day of October and the Tenth Day of January for ever hereafter, unless either of the said last mentioned Days shall be a Sunday,

and then on the following Day; and also on some Day, to be

CAP. XVI.

An Act for further facilitating the Despatch of Business in the Court of King's Bench.

[6th April 1821.]

[6th April 1821.]

16 C. 16, IT. I0&20 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

by them appointed, before every other Easter Term, if the Time of the Circuits shall so permit, and to sit on the several Days hereinbefore appointed, and so on from Day to Day (Sundays excepted) until the Commencement of the Term next following, for the Despatch of all such Matters as now are, or, at the End of any Term preceding the said respective Days, hereafter may be depending in the said Court, whether on the Crown or Plea Side thereof, and to hear, decide and pronounce Rules, Orders and Judgments upon all such Matters; which Rules, Orders and Judgments shall be drawn up and entered of Record, either as of the Term last past before the pronouncing thereof, or as of the Term then next ensuing, as the said Judges shall direct; which said Meetings of the said Judges shall be called The Sittings before Term.

Enlarged Rule*

II. And be it further enacted, That all enlarged Rules to shew to shew Cause, Cause, which have been or hereafter may he pronounced or pronounced at drawn Up by or by the Direction of the said Court, for shewing be deemed such! ^tLUSe m any Term next after any of such Sittings, shall be deemed as well at Sitting and taken to be Rules to shew Cause, as well at such Sittings as a* in the next in the Term then next following, and may be heard and decided Term. at such Sittings accordingly: Provided always, that nothing herein

contained shall alter or aifect the Return of any Writ, either Mesne or Judicial, or require any Return of such Writ or Appearance thereto before the Day therein mentioned.

The Judge*

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if at any may omit their time it shall appear to the Judges of the said Court that the othmmeat Matters so depending therein, as before mentioned, do not for the their Discretion. public Convenience require the said Judges to meet or sit on all or any of the said Days or Times hereinbefore in that behalf directed, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Judges either to omit such Sittings altogether, or to commence the same on any later Day than the respective Days hereinbefore appointed; or having commenced such Sittings, to adjourn or discontinue the same wholly or in part for that Turn, as the public Convenience may appear to them to require or permit.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for better regulating the Payment of Fees of Attornies and Solicitors, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

[6th April 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland 7 G. 2. (I.) c W in the Seventh Year of His Majesty King George the c Second, intituled An Act for the Relief of Mortgagees, and for making the Process in Courts of Equity more effectual against Mortgagors "who abscond and cannot be served therewith, and against Persons who being served refuse to appear; and also for better regulating the Payment of the Fees of Attornies and Solicitors s it was amongst other things provided, that no Attorney or Solicitor should commence or maintain any Action or Suit for the Recovery of any Fees, Charges or Disbursements, at Law or in

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 17, 18, 19. 17

+Equity, until the Expiration of One Month or more after such Attorney or Solicitor respectively should have delivered unto the Party or Parties to be charged therewith, or left for him, her or them at his, her or their Dwelling House or last Place of Abode, a Bill of such Fees, Charges and Disbursements,

(written in Words at Length, except Times and Sums: And Whereas the said Provision hath been found inconvenient; and it is just and reasonable that the Law of Ireland should, with respect to the Mode of writing such Bills of Costs, be assimilated to the Law of England; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au- Auomies, &c. thority of the same, That from and after the passing of this maX writ Bill* Act it shall and may be lawful to and for every Attorney, Clerk of. in Court, and Solicitor in Ireland, to write his Bills of Fees, Abbreviation* Charges and Disbursements, with such Abbreviations as are now u m now uwd commonly used in the English Language; any thing in any former in the English law to the contrary notwithstanding. Language.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, against Witchcraft and Sorcery.

[6th April 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Elizabeth,

[28 Eliz. c. 2. (I.) repealed.]

intituled An Act against Witchcraft and Sorcery: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Act should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the said recited Act against Witchcraft and Sorcery shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to permit the Removal of certain Goods from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain, by Cocket, Certificate, Let Pass or Transire.

[6th April 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of 46G. 3. c. 97. 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 2 intituled An Act to permit the free Interchange of every Species of Grain between Great Britain and Ireland, it is provided and enacted, that every Person exporting Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit, from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, shall declare before the Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port from whence the Exportation is about to take place, that such Com, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread or Biscuit is really and truly intended to be exported to Great Britain or Ireland, as

1 & 2 Geo. IV. C 4 the

C. 19, 20.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Go6ds, Produce of <*. Ik or L, not subject to Duty, &c. may be exported under like Regulations as Corn.

56 G. 3. c. 66. 1.

58 G. 3. c. 16.

59 G. 3. c. 13.

the case may be; and such Exporter shall thereupon receive a like Cocket, Certificate, "Let Pass or Transire, as is given and conformable to all the like Regulations in force in ease of ''Goods sent Coastwise from one Port of Great Britain to another Port therein, or from one Port in Ireland to another Port in Ireland, respectively: And Whereas it is expedient to

extend the Provisions of the said Act to certain other Articles exported from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to

Great Britain; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to export from Great Britain to Ireland, or from Ireland to Great Britain, any Articles* the Produce or Manufacture of either Country respectively, which are not subject to Duty, nor entitled to Drawback, under the like Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as in the case of Corn exported from one Country to the other respectively.

CAP. XX.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, several Acts of His late Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[0th April 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, for Two Years; and for repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children, certain Duties of Assessed Taxes were discontinued and suspended, and other Duties substituted in lieu thereof, for the Term of Two Years next after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen; and which Rates of substituted Duties were continued by another Act passed in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, and amend an Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, and extended to other cases therein mentioned, for the Term of One Year, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen; and the same Rates of substituted Duties were in like manner further continued for the Term of Two Years, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, by another Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue Two Acts of the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and

/0

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 20, 21.

19

to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, in re-

sped of certain Horses, Mares, Gelaings and Mules: And Whereas it is expedient to continue the same substituted Rates of Duty in the said several Acts mentioned, for a further Time herein limited:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Duties, and the Regulations and Provisions for assessing, charging, raising, levying, collecting, applying and accounting for the same, in the said several Acts mentioned, shall be, and the same are hereby severally continued, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, until and upon the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

[The Duties on Persons in respect of Horses, &c. kept and used solely for the Purposes of Husbandry made to cease, c. 110. I. post.']

CAP. XXI.

An Act to indemnify Persons who shall give Evidence before the Lords Spiritual and Temporal on the Bill to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament, and to enable the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, to send Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament in lieu thereof.

[6th April 1821.]

WHEREAS the Commons of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled have passed a Bill intituled An Act to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament;

and to enable the Borough of Leeds, in the County of York, to send Two Burgesses to serve in Parliament in lieu thereof:

And Whereas it is alleged that there was the most notorious and general Bribery and Corruption, previous to the Election of Burgesses to serve in the last Parliament for the said Borough of Grampound, in order to procure the Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough: And Whereas it is necessary to examine, as Witnesses, at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption, several Persons: And Whereas the Evidence of such Persons may lead to Disclosures tending to expose them to penal Consequences: And Whereas it is expedient to indemnify such Persons, as they are hereinafter indemnified, upon their truly and faithfully making such Disclosure and Discovery as hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the more effectually prosecuting the said Enquiry, that all and every Person and Persons, not having been Candidates or a Candidate for the said Borough at the last Election, who may or

C 2 hath

Duties further continued.

Persons implicated in Bribery, not having been Candidates, examined

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

as Witnesses, and making a faithful Disclosure, indemnified.

Not to exten'd to Persons giving false Evidence, or suppressing any Matter in question.

In cases of Actions, Copfc of Entries of Examination in the Lords* Journals, msy be given in Evidence.

C. 21, 22.

hath been or may have been implicated or engaged in such alleged Bribery and Corruption at or connected with any Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Gram-pound, and who shall be examined as Witnesses or a Witness at the Bar of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, touching such alleged Bribery and Corruption, and who shall upon such Examination make a true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure, to the best of his, her or their Knowledge, touching all Acts, Matters and Things to which he, she or they shall be so examined, shall be, and he, she and they is and are hereby freed, indemnified and discharged of, from and against all penal Actions, Forfeitures, Punishments, Disabilities and Incapacities, and all Criminal Prosecutions which he, she or they may have been or may become liable or subject to, or which he, she or they may have incurred or may incur, at the Suit of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, for or by reason or means of or in relation to any Act, Matter or Thing done or committed by such Person or Persons, in respect of such alleged Bribery and Corruption, respecting or concerning which such Person or Persons shall be so examined as aforesaid, and shall make such true and faithful Discovery and Disclosure as aforesaid.

IL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any thing herein contained shall not extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to give any Benefit or Advantage to, or to indemnify, free or discharge, any Person or Persons from or against any Forfeitures, Penalties, Punishments, Disabilities or Incapacities, or any Prosecutions, who, being examined as aforesaid, shall give any false Evidence, or make any false Discovery, or suppress or refuse fully and truly to disclose any Act, Matter or Thing within his, her or their Knowledge, touching or concerning which such Person or Persons shall be so examined as aforesaid; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for all Persons who shall be so examined as aforesaid, upon any Action or Prosecution commenced or instituted, or to be commenced or instituted, of or in respect of any of the Matters to which they shall be so examined as aforesaid, to give in Evidence, upon the Trial of such Action or Prosecution, Copies of the Entries contained in the Journals of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal of such their several Examinations; and that such Copies shall be conclusive Evidence, upon the Trial of all such Actions and Prosecutions, of the Fact of the Examination of such Persons, and of the Questions proposed to such Persons, and of the Answers given by them to such Questions.

CAP. XXII.

An act for altering and amending the Laws of Excise for securing the Payment of the Duties on Beer and Ale brewed in Great Britain.

[19th April 1821.]

WHEREAS the Laws made for securing the Duties of Excise upon and in respect of Beer have been found

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

a 22.

21

insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; Be it therefore

enaced by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July B re wen to

One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, every Brewer of nter in a Book

Beer for Sale shall and is hereby required to enter, or cause

to be entered, in a Book or Paper to be delivered to him by the

Officer of Excise for that Purpose, and at all Times kept by Malt intended

such Brewer in some public and open Bart of his entered Premises to be uaed in

ready for the Inspection of the Officers of Excise, the Quantity next Brew-

of Malt which he or she shall intend to use in his or her next

Brewing, together with the Day when such Brewing is intended

to be made, and that such Entry shall be so made before any

Part of such Malt shall be mashed, or any Water or other Liquor

put thereto, or mixed therewith; and that every such Brewer

shall at the Time of making such Entry write, or cause to be

written, in such Book or Paper, opposite such Entry as aforesaid,

the Date when such Entry was so made as aforesaid; and that if Date of Entry

any such Brewer shall refuse or neglect to make such Entry as *! *

aforesaid, or shall cancel, obliterate or alter, or cause or suffer

or permit to be cancelled, obliterated or altered, any such Entry,

or shall make any untrue Entry therein, or shall not at all Times

keep such Book or Paper in some public and open Part of his

entered Premises ready for the Inspection of the Officers of

Excise, or shall mash, or put to or mix any Malt with Water or

other Liquor before such Entry shall be made as aforesaid, he or

she shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Penalty 2001.

hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That no such Brewer as aforesaid Maahed Malt shall remove or cause to be removed his or her Malt which has not remOTed till been mashed, or any Part thereof, from the Tun or Vessel in {^8dand^ which the same has been mashed, until the proper Officer shall count of by* have gauged and taken an Account of the Quantity of such Malt, officer, or use, cause, permit or suffer to be used, any Means whatever Obstructing to prevent or hinder such Officer or Officers of Excise from taking Officer, an accurate Gauge and Account thereof; and that if any Person or Persons shall remove, or cause, suffer or permit to be removed, any Part of such Malt as aforesaid before such Officer shall have gauged and taken an Account of the same, or shall use any Means as aforesaid, or obstruct, hinder, molest or prevent any such Officer or Officers in or from so doing, or in Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities given or granted to him or them by this Act, every such Person or Persons shall severally forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Penalty 200L Provided always, that no such Brewer or other Person shall Pbrnsoforre* incur the Penalty aforesaid, for removing any such Malt as moving Malt aforesaid after all the Worts have been drawn off from such Malt after Worts have without any Officer having gauged and taken an Account thereof !^P^rawn as aforesaid, if such Brewer shall at the Time of making such Entry as aforesaid have specified in such Book or Paper and En- g try as aforesaid the Time for such Officer to attend to take such Gauge and Account as aforesaid, and such Officer or Officers

C 3 shall

A.D. 1821.

Samples of Wort may be taken after it is drawn from the Mash Tun.

Fermenting Worts before Samples taken.

Penalty of 2001. Proviso where Officer neglect to attend within an Hour after the specified Time.

Books to be delivered by Officer to Brewers, containing Forms of Certificates.

No Beer, &c. sent out without Certificate of Date, &c.

C. 22. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

shall not attend for that Purpose within an Hour after the Time so specified.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to take a Sample or Samples, not exceeding One Pint at each Time, of any Wort or Worts at or on the entered Premises of any such Brewer as aforesaid, at any time or times after the same shall have been drawn from the Mash Tun, as often as may be necessary for the Purpose of ascertaining the specifie Gravity thereof; returning such Sample and Samples to such Brewer after the specific Gravity thereof has been ascertained, or paying him or her for the same at and after the Rate of the current Price of Beer made from such-Wort or Worts; and that no such Brewer shall ferment or mix, or cause, permit or suffer to be fermented or mixed, any Wort or Worts with any Yeast or other Matter or Thing for or occasioning Fermentation, until the proper Officer or Officers has or have taken such Sample and Samples as aforesaid; and that if any such Brewer as aforesaid shall ferment or mix, or cause, permit or suffer to be fermented or mixed, any of his or her Wort or Worts with any Yeast or other Matter or Thing for or occasioning Fermentation, untjl such Officer or Officers has or have taken such Sample and Samples as aforesaid, he, she or they shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that jno such Brewer as aforesaid shall incur the Penalty last aforesaid, for fermenting or mixing any of his or her Wort or Worts with Yeast, or any other Matter or Thing occasioning Fermentation, after the Expiration of One Hour after such Wort or Worts has or have been run or drawn off from the Copper in which the same has or have been boiled with Hops, without any Sample being thereof taken as aforesaid, if such Brewer shall at the Time of making such Entry as aforesaid have specified in such Book and Paper and Entry as aforesaid the Time for such Officer or Officers to attend to take and draw such Sample and Samples as aforesaid, and such Officer and Officers Shall not attend for that Purpose within an Hour after the Time so specified.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be delivered by the proper Officer of Excise to every such Brewer as aforesaid, and to every Dealer in Beer or Ale, a Book or Books to be prepared with proper printed Forms and Titles for the Purpose hereinafter mentioned, and kept by every such Brewer and Dealer in some public and open Part of his or her entered Premises; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of July, no Beer or Ale shall be sold, sent out or delivered by the Brewer thereof, or by any Dealer therein, to any Brewer, Victualler, Dealer in or Retailer of Beer or Ale, or other Person or Persons, without a Certificate filled up and cut out progressively from the printed Forms for such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, to be left therewith, signed by such Brewer or Dealer selling, sending out or delivering the same, or some Person on his Behalf, certifying the Date, Quantity and Quality of such Beer or Ale, to whom sold, and that the Duty has been duly charged thereon, and at what Place, at what Rate, and upon what

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 22.

Person such Charge wa made; and that thle Brewer or Dealer A similar Entry selling, sending out or delivering any such -Beer or Ale as aforesaid, shall at the same Time make a correspondent Entry thereof, ^for

containing the same Particulars, in such Book as aforesaid; and insp^tioiTof0* that such Book, with such Entries so made therein as aforesaid, Officer, shall at all Times be open and exposed in the entered Premises of such Brewer or Dealer as aforesaid, to the Perusal of any Officer or Officers of Excise surveying the said Premises, and shall he delivered by such Brewer or Dealer to any Officer or Officers of Excise upon Demand; and if any such Brewer or Dealer as aforesaid shall at any time sell, send out or deliver any Beer or:

Ale to any Brewer, Victualler, Dealer in or Retailer of Beer, or

other Person or Persons as aforesaid, without delivering such

Certificate as aforesaid, or making such Entry in such Btook as

aforesaid, or shall convey awdy or conceal any such Book, or Brewer oflfencU

Books, or Oancel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or inK* "celling,

Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries therein, or shall make

any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, ob- or nVrm* c *

struct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspecting

any such Book, or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid,

or shall at any Time negleat or refuse, when required, to give

up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid,

every such Brewer or Dealer as aforesaid so offending shall for

every such Offence severally forfeit and lose the Sum of Two Penalty sod.

hundred Pounds.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Increase in Fifth Day of July, if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall dis- Stock beyond cover and find any Increase in the Stock of any Brewer, Vic- s.ur-

tualler. Dealer or Retailer, over and above the Quantity of Beer ^torilyac^" or Ale which the Officer found in such Brewer, Victualler, Dealer counted for, or Retailer's Custody at the Time of the last preceding Survey forfeited, and upon such Brewer, Victualler, Dealer or Retailer, and which In- Penalty/iool. crease such Brewer, Victualler, Dealer or Retailer shall not thereupon satisfactorily account for, as arising from Beer duly received with such Certificate as aforesaid, or brewed by himself or herself, and on which, the Duty has been duly charged, such Increase, or a Quantity of Beer or Ale equal thereto, shall be deemed and taken to he Beer or Ale brewed without Payment of Duty, and shall be forfeited and lost; and a Quantity, equal to the increased Quantity shall and may be seized and taken by the Officer or Officers of Excise who shall discover the same, from and out of such Stock; and the Person or Persons, in whose Stock such Increase shall be discovered and found, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Recovery and Forfeitures imposed by thi* Act, shall be sued for, recovered, Application of levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any PlUe*> &c. Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine,

Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and

SllC-

24-

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

Landlords or Persons acting under their Orders may enter upon Land allotted and demised by them, and seise and distrain for Rent, notwithstanding the Commissioners' Award shall not be executed.

C. 22, 23.

A.D. 1821.

Successors, and the oilier Moiety to him, her or them who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to amend the Law respecting the inclosing of Open Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Lands, in England.

[19th April 1821.]

WHEREAS great Inconveniences have arisen to Landlords and other Persons, owners of Allotments allotted and set out to them by the Commissioner or Commissioners under or by virtue of several Acts, already passed for dividing, allotting and inclosing of open and uninclosed Fields, Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Lands, in England, by reason that such Landlords and other Persons, Owners of Allotments as aforesaid, cannot, before the Execution and perfecting of the Award or Awards by such Acts directed to be made by such Commissioner or Commissioners, distrain for the Rent in arrear or unpaid for or in respect of such Allotment or Allotments; or support an Action of Trespass for any Damage or Injury done to such Allotment or Allotments, or an Action of Ejectment to recover the Possession of such Allotment or Allotments, in consequence of the Freehold or Legal Seisin thereof respectively not being vested in such Landlords and other Persons, Owners of such Allotment or Allotments, by the Award or Awards of such Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid:' For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The Kingvs Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land has or have been set out or allotted, or which shall or may hereafter be set out or allotted, and to whom the Possession of such Allotment or Allotments hath been already given, by virtue of any Order or Direction, Orders or Directions, or to whom the Possession thereof shall hereafter be given, by virtue of any Order or Direction, Orders or Directions in Writing, in the Form and specified in the Schedule hereto annexed, and signed by the Commissioner or Commissioners acting under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now or hereafter to be passed for dividing, allotting and inclosing any Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, Moors and Waste Lands in England, and who shall have demised the same, or any Part thereof, to any Tenant or Servant, or for their, his or her Bailiff or Agent, Bailiffs or Agents, or any Person or Persons by them, him or her authorized and employed for that Purpose, to enter into and upon any such Allotment or Allotments, and to seize and distrain any Goods, Chattels or Effects which may be in or upon such Allotment or Allotments, or in or upon any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 23.

25

ditaments, held, occupied or enjoyed by the Tenant or Occupier of such Allotment or Allotments along and together with any such Allotment or Allotments, for any Rent that may be in Arrear and unpaid for all or any Part of such Allotment or Allotments, and either alone or together with any such Allotment or Allotments, and any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, held, occupied or enjoyed therewith, notwithstanding the Award or Awards of the Commissioner or Commissioners appointed in or named by or by virtue of any such Act or Acts so made and passed, or to be hereafter made and passed, shall not be executed and perfected by such Commissioner or Commissioners, by virtue or in pursuance of any such Act or Acts of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Actions t Law ful to and for all and every Person or Persons, to whom any such respect of Allotment or Allotments is or are already set out or allotted, or which shall or to ay be hereafter set out or allotted, and to whom

such Possession as aforesaid hath been already given, by virtue of also be brought, any Order or Direction, Orders or Directions, or the Possession i^bereof shall hereafter be given to such Person or Persons by virtue of any Order or Direction, Orders or Directions in Writing, in the Form specified in the said Schedule as aforesaid, and signed by such Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, and to his, her or their Tenants, Stewards, Bailiffs, Agents or Servants, to commence, prosecute and maintain any Action or Suit at Law, for any Injury or Damage that may be done or committed by any Person or Persons, whomsoever, to the Ground, Soil or Herbage of any such Allotment or Allotments, or to the Walls,

Hedges, Fences, Ditches, Gates, Posts, Rails, Stills, Cloughs,

Bridges or Tunnels, already erected or to be erected in or upon any such Allotment or Allotments, and to bring, maintain and prosecute any Action or Actions of Ejectment, for recovering the Possession of any such Allotment or Allotments, or any Part or Parts thereof, from any Person or Persons whomsoever, notwithstanding the Award or Awards of the Commissioner or Commissioners appointed in or named by or by virtue of any such Act or Acts now made and passed, or to be hereafter made and passed, shall not be executed and perfected by such Commissioner or Commissioners, by virtue or in pursuance of any such Act or Acts of Parliament; any thing in any Act or Acts, or any Construction of or Implication from any Act or Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall Proviso for prevent or be construed to prevent or take away the Right of any Appeal against Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, and his, her and their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, to appeal against the Award n or Awards, Order or Directions of any such Commissioner or Commissioners, When made and executed, or the Right of Possession to any such Allotment or Allotments, which may be affected by the Judgment of the Court or such Appeal; or to prevent or obstruct, or in anywise lessen or prejudice, any Alteration or Alterations to be made, ordered or directed by any such Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, for or in respect of any such Allotment or Allotments, in and by his or their Award or

Awards,

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

Where Leases granted under 41G. 3. (U.K.) c. 109. become void before the Expiration of their Term, Incumbents may grant new Leases as herein mentioned.

Powers of this Act only binding in Cases where not otherwise provided. '

C. 23.

A.D. 1821.

Awards, to be made and executed by virtue or in pursuance of any such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Lease or Leases to be granted by any Rector, Vicar or other Incumbent, under the Powers or Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty king George the Third, intituled An Act for consolidating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and

for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the passing of such Acts, shall by any Means become forfeited or void, or be surrendered before the Expiration, by Effluxion of Time, of the Term or Terms thereby granted, then and in such case, and as often as the same shall so happen, it shall and may be lawful for the Rector, Vicar or other Incumbent for the time being of the same Rectory, Vicarage or Parish, by and with the previous Consent of the Ordinary and Patron, to grant a new Lease of the Lands so demised, for such Term or Terms of Years as shall, at the Time or Times of such Avoidance, be then to come and unexpired of the original Term or Terms granted by such original Lease or Leases, subject nevertheless to the Provisions and Conditions contained in such original Lease or Leases, and then remaining unperformed and capable of having Effect.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Powers, Authorities and Provisions in this Act contained shall be only so far effective and binding, in each particular Case, as they or any of them shall not be otherwise provided and enacted in any Act hereafter to be passed, for dividing, allotting and inclosing, any Open Fields, Pastures, Commons, Moors or Waste Lands in England.

SCHEDULE to which the Act refers.

I A.B. [or, in case of Two or more Commissioners, We, A.B. C.D. SfC.) the Commissioner [or Commissioners] named and appointed in and by an Act of Parliament lately made and passed, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of the Act by which the Commissioner or Commissioners is or are appointed] do hereby order and direct, permit and authorize T. JP. or his [her or their] Bailiff or Agent, to take Possession of all that Allotment [here describe the Allotment or Allotments by Metes and Bounds] by me [or us] set out or allotted, and staked or marked out to and for him [or her or their, as the cafe may be\, under and by virtue of the said Act, and to cultivate and manage, or to let and demise the same Allotment [or Allotments] to any Tenant or Tenants, as he [or as she or they, as the case may be] shall think proper; but nevertheless subject and without prejudice to any such Order or Orders, Direction or Directions, as I [or we] may think proper and expedient to make, in and by the Award or Awards to be hereafter executed by me [or us], so far as respects such Allotment [or Allotments] so set out and allotted, and staked or marked out to and for the said T. F. As witness my Hand [or our Hands], this Day of

Witness, (Signed) A.B.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 24.

27

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to extend certain Provisions of an Act of King William the Third, intituled An Act for regulating of Trials in cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason, to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland.

[19th April 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of His U8W. 3. c. 3.

W late Majesty King William the Third, and intituled An Act for regulating of Trials in cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Person

or Persons whatsoever shall be indicted, tried or attainted of High Treason, whereby any Corruption of Blood may or shall be made to any such Offender or Offenders, or to any the Heir or Heirs of any such Offender or Offenders, or of Misprision of such Treason, but by and upon the Oaths and Testimony of Two lawful Witnesses, either both of them to the same Overt Act,

or one of them to one and the other of them to another Overt Act of the same Treason, unless the Party indicted and arraigned or tried shall willingly, without Violence and in open Court, confess the same, (or shall stand mute or refuse to plead,) or in cases of High Treason shall peremptorily challenge above the

Number of Thirty five of the Junr; provided always, that any 3.

Person or Persons being indicted for any such Treasons or Misprisions of such Treasons may be outlawed, and thereby attainted of or for any such Offences of Treason or Misprision of Treason;

and in cases of such High Treasons, when by the Law, after such Outlawry, the Party outlawed may come and be tried, he shall upon such Trial have the Benefit of the said Act: And it $ 4.

is therein further enacted and declared, that if Two or more distinct Treasons of divers Heads or Kinds shall be alledged in one Bill of Indictment, one Witness produced to prove one of the said Treasons, and another Witness produced to prove another of the said Treasons, shall not be deemed or taken to be Two Witnesses to the same Treason within the Meaning of the said Act: And Whereas in the same aforesaid Act it is $ 5.

further enacted, that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall be indicted or prosecuted for any Treason or Misprision of Treason that shall be committed or done within the Kingdom of England\ Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick-upon Tweed, unless the same Indictment be found by a Grand Jury within Three Years next after the Treason or Offence done or committed: And Whereas the above recited Enactments and Provisions of the said Act do not extend to that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; and it is expedient, just and reasonable that they should be extended to that Part of the United Kingdom Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the above recited Enactments and Provisions of the aforesaid Act passed in the Reign of King William, and intituled An Act for regulating of

Trials

28

C. 24, 25.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Extended to Ireland.

When Overt Act charged hall be As-

awi nation, &c. or Attempt against the King*s Lifo or Person, Offender tried as in cases of

Murder.

Trials in cases of Treason and Misprision of Treason, shall extend and be construed to extend to, and be in force to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases of High Treason in compassing and imagining the Death of the King, and of Misprision of such Treason, where the Overt Act or Overt Acts of such Treason which shall be alledged in the Indictment for such an Offence shall be Assassination or Killing of the King, or any direct Attempt against His Life, or any direct Attempt against His Person, whereby His Life may be endangered or His Person may suffer bodily Harm, the Person or Persons charged with such Offence in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland may be indicted, arraigned, tried and attainted in the same Manner, and according to the same Course and Order of Trial in every respect, and upon the like Evidence, as if such Person or Persons stood charged with Murder.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for fixing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[19th April 1821.]

[This Act is the same as 1 G. 4. c. 38. except as to Dates and Sums and the Sections that are here retained.]

Ante, c. 9. 65.

I 6$.

Allowances for the Diet of Non commissioned Officers and Soldiers, Is. 2d. per Day, till April 24, and Is. per Day after that Period.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, it is (amongst other Things)enacted, that Officers and Soldiers shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, upon paying and allowing for the same the several Rates that are or shall be established by any Act or Acts of Parliament; and an Option is given to Innholders and others upon whom Officers and Soldiers are quartered and billetted, to furnish certain Articles gratis in lieu of Diet and Small Beer; and it is just and expedient that an adequate Allowance shall be made and established for Provision and other Articles furnished to Officers and Soldiers:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Noncommissioned Officer and Private Soldier who shall be furnished with Diet and Small Beer, within those Parts of the United Kingdom specified in the said recited Act, by the Innholders or other Persons on whom such Noncommissioned Officers or Private Soldiers shall be quartered and billetted by virtue of the said Act, shall pay and allow for the same the Sum of One Shilling and Two Pence per Diem until the Twenty fourth Day of April next, and from and after that Day the Sum of One Shilling per Diem; and that for such Allowances of One Shilling and Two Pence and One Shilling, the Innholder or other Person shall furnish One Meal; videlicet, a hot Dinner, if required, in

each

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 25, 26.

29

etch Day to each Noncommissioned Officer, Trumpeter, Drummer and Private Soldier quartered and billetted on him, to consist of such Quantities of Diet and Small Beer as have been or shall be specified and fixed in and by any Regulations made or to be made from time to time by His Majesty in that Behalf, bat not to exceed One Pound and a Quarter of Meat previous to being dressed,

One Pound of Bread, One Pound of Potatoes or other vegetables previous to being cooked, and Two Pints of Small Beer, and Vinegar, Salt and Pepper; and that the Accounts of the same shall be rendered, and Payment thereof made, in like manner as is directed by the said Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Sum to be paid to For Hones the Innholder or other Person within the aforesaid Parts of the quartered is. United Kingdom, on whom any of the Horses belonging to His P*r Day till Majesty's Forces shall be quartered by virtue of the said Act, for *4,

Hay and Straw, shall be One Shilling per Diem for each Horse, for flay* until the Twenty fourth Day of April next inclusive, and from and and straw, after that Day Ten Pence per Diem for each Horse.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for making further Provision for the gradual Resumption of Payments in Cash by the Bank of England.

[7th May 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of 59 G. 9. c. 49. 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to continue the Restrictions contained in several Acts on Payments in Cash by the Bank of England, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three,

and to providef or the gradual Resumption of such Payments, and to permit the Exportation of Gold and Silver9 it was provided $ 4.

and enacted, that at any Time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, whenever any Person should tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on Demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of Gold, and should require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of England should upon Demand pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes such Quantity of Gold, of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the same having first been assayed and stamped at His Majesty's Mint in London, as should, at the said Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for Payment; and it was in and by the said recited Act further provided and enacted, that the Governor and Company of the % 8.

Bank of England, if they should see fit, might at any Time on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm for

any lC

C. 26.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Bank of England may pay Notes, &c. in Coin.

Persons offered to be paid in Cain not allowed to demand payment in Ingots.

Persons not offered to be paid in Coin, not deprived of their Hight to Payment in Ingots.

59 C. 3. c. 49. 13. in part repealed.

any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on Demand; any Provisions in the Acts thereinbefore recited,

or in that Act, to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas it is expedient, that on or after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England should be enabled, if they shall see fit, to pay any Debt or Demand to which they are or shall be subject or liable in the lawful Coin of the Realm, in manner and under the Limitations hereinafter mentioned:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, if they shall see fit, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times, to pay any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, or any other Debt or Demand whatsoever to which the said Governor and Company shall be subject or liable, in the current and lawful Coin of the Realm; any Provisions in the said recited Act, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament therein recited, or in this present Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all case* where the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall propose or offer to pay any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, or.any other Debt or Demand whatsoever, in the current and lawful Coin of the Realm, it shall not be competent to the Bearer or Bearers of such Note or Notes, or to the Person or Persons to whom any such Debt or Demand shall be due or payable, to demand Payment thereof in Ingots or Bars of Gold, as directed and provided by the said recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Bearer or Bearers of any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on Demand, and which the said Governor and Company shall not propose or offer to pay oh Demand in the current and lawful Com of the Realm, to demand and require Payment thereof, at any Time before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, in Ingots or Bars of Standard Gold of Sixty Ounces each, calculated after tin? Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny for every Ounce of Gold, as directed and provided by the said recited Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign shall be repealed, whereby it is provided and enacted, that before any Person or Persons shall transport or cause to be transported any Molten Silver whatever, Oath shall be made before the Wardens of the Company of Goldsmiths in London, or One of them, by the Owner or Owners of such Molten Silver, and likewise by One credible Witness, that

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 26, 27.

SI

the same is lawful Silver, and that no Part thereof was, before the same was molten, Clippings of the current Coin of this Realm; and whereby it is provided and enacted, that before any Person or Persons shall ship or cause to be shipped, or put on board any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, any Molten Silver or Bullion whatsoever, Oath shall be made before the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, by the Owner or Owners of such Molten Silver or other Bullion whatsoever, and likewise by Two or more credible Witnesses, that no Part of such Molten Silver or Bullion was, before the same was molten, Clippings of the Coin of this Realm; and whereby it is provided and enacted, that all the 6 & 7 W.s. Powers, Authorities, Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained c-, 7- and in certain Acts made in the Sixth and Seventh Years, and in the Seventh and Eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, c' 9* should continue and be in force with relation to the Exportation of any Molten Silver or Bullion whatsoever, which before the Melting thereof was Clippings of the Coin of the Realm; and the said recited Provisions or the said Act of the said Fifty ninth Year are hereby repealed accordingly.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Bank may pay Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as often as any in One Pound of their Notes shall be offered to them in exchange for One^Pound or In

Notes, or for the legal Gold Coin of the Realm, the said Governor  and Company of the Bank of England shall be required, and they are hereby required, to pay on Demand to the Bearer of the said Notes the Amount of the Notes so offered as aforesaid, either in One Pound Notes of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or in the legal Coin of the Realm, at the Option of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for making further Provision for the gradual Resumption of Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

[7th May 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of 59G. s. c. 99. 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to continue, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to direct the gradual Resumption of Cash Payments by the said Bank, it was provided $ 4.

and enacted, that at any Time on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, whenever any Person should tender to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company payable on Demand, to an Amount not less than the Price or Value of Sixty Ounces of Gold, calculated after the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Te/i Pence Halfpenny British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, and should require such Note or Notes to be paid in Standard Gold, the Governor and Company of the said Bank of Ireland should, upon Demand, pay and deliver to the Person tendering such Notes such Quantity of

32 C. 27. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

7.

Bank of Ireland may pay Notes, &c. in Coin.

Gold, of the Fineness declared by Law to be the Standard of and for the lawful Gold Coin of the Realm, the same having first been assayed and stamped at the Assay Office in Dublin, or (at His Majesty's Mint in London, as shall at the said Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny British Currency, at ah Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of c such Gold, be equal to the Amount of the Notes so presented for Payment; and it was in and by the said recited Act further provided and enacted, that the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if they should see fit, might at any Time on or after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, pay or exchange the lawful Coin of the Realm for any Note or Notes of the said 'Governor and Company payable on Demand, any Provisions in the Acts thereinbefore recited, or in that Act to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas it is expedient, that on and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should be enabled, if they shall see fit, to pay any Debt or Demand to which they are or shall be subject or liable, in the lawful Coin of the Realm, in manner and under the Limitations hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it shall be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, if they shall see fit, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times, to pay any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, or any other Debt or Demand whatsoever, to which the said Governor and Company shall be subject or liable, in the current and lawful Coin of the Realm; any Provisions in the said recited Act, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament therein recited, or in this present Act, to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

[No Person offered to be paid in Coin, to be allowed to demand Payment in Ingots.]

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall propose or offer to pay any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, or any other Debt or Demand whatsoever, in the current and lawful Coin of the Realm, it shall not be competent to the Bearer or Bearers of such Note or Notes, or to the Person or Persons to whom any such Debt or Demand shall be due or payable, to demand Payment thereof in Ingots or Bars of Standard Gold, as directed and provided by the said recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Persons not offered to be paid in Coin, not to be deprived of Right of Payment in Ingots.]

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive the Bearer or Bearers of any Note or Notes of the said Governor and Company, payable on Demand, and which the said Governor and Company snail not propose or offer to pay on Demand in the current and lawful Coin of the Realm, to demand and require Payment thereof, at any Time before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, in Ingots or Bars of Standard Gold of Sixty Ounces each, calculated after

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 27, 28. 33

the Rate of Three Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny British Currency, at an Exchange at Par, for every Ounce of Gold, as directed and provided by the said recited Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

[Bank may pay in One Pound Notes or in Gold.]

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, as often as any of their Notes shall be offered to them in Exchange for One Pound Notes, or for the legal Gold Coin of the Realm, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be required, and they are hereby required, to pay on Demand to the Bearer of the said Notes, the Amount of the Notes so offered as aforesaid, either in One Pound Notes of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or in the legal Coin of the Realm, at the Option of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for abolishing the African Company, and transferring to and vesting in His Majesty all the Forts, Possessions and Property now belonging to or held by them.

[7th May 1821.]

[23 G. 2. c. 31.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for extending and improving the Trade to Africa:

[25 G. 2. c. 40.]

And Whereas another Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Application of a Sum of Money therein mentioned, granted to His Majesty for making Compensation and Satisfaction to the Royal African Company of England, for their Charter, Land, Forts, Castles, Slaves, Military Stores and all other Effects whatsoever; and to vest the Lands, Forts, Castles, Slaves, and Military Stores, and all other their Effects, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned:

[23 G. 3. c. 65.]

And Whereas another Act passed in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for vesting the Fort of Senegal and its Dependencies in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa and to vest as well the said Forts and its Dependencies, as well as all other the British Forts and Settlements upon the Coast of Africa, lying between the Port of Sallee and Cape Roque, together with all the Property, Estate and Effects of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, in or upon the said Forts, Settlements and their Dependencies, in His Majesty; and for securing, extending and improving the Trade to Africa and for vesting James Fort in the River Gambia, and its Dependencies, and all other the British Forts and Setdements between the Port of Sallee and Cape Roque, in the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; and for securing and Regulating the Trade to Africa: And Whereas in pursuance

34 C. 28. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

[Reasons for passing this Act.]

of the said several recited Acts of Parliament, the whole of the Forts and Settlements upon the Gold Coast of Africa, held and occupied by His Majesty's subjects, have become vested in the Body Corporate of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa, created by the said first recited Act of the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, and have been governed and managed by Officers and Servants appointed by them; but the whole Expence of such Management has, for many Years past, been entirely defrayed by Sums granted by Parliament for the Support of the said Forts and Settlements, the said Company having, in their corporate Capacity, no Funds whatever out of which any Part of such Expences could be defrayed, and having no beneficial Interest in the said Forts or Settlements: And Whereas it is expedient that the Company of Merchants trading to Africa should relinquish the Government and Management of the said Forts and Possessions, and should surrender the same to His Majesty; and it is therefore necessary that the said Company, created by the said recited Act of the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, should cease and be wholly abolished as a Body Corporate and Politic, and that all the said Forts and Settlements, and all the Property and Effects of the said Company therein, should vest in His Majesty, and that His Majesty should be enabled to grant such reasonable Allowances as He may see fit, to such of the Officers and Servants of the said Company who may not be retained in the Government or Management of any of the said Forts, or otherwise employed in His Majesty's Service, as His Majesty should deem just and reasonable, and for charging the Allowances so granted upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The African Company abolished, and their Possessions vested in His Majesty.]

That from and after the Third Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the said Corporation of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa shall wholly cease and determine and be abolished, and the said Company of Merchants trading to Africa shall no longer be or be deemed to be a Body Politic or Corporate; and all Grants made to the said Company by or under or in pursuance of the said recited Acts of Parliament, or any or either of them, or in pursuance of any thing therein contained, shall and the same are hereby declared to be henceforth null and void; and the said Company shall be, and they are hereby divested of and from all Forts, Castles, Buildings, Possessions or Estate or Rights, which were given to the said Company by or under or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, or which have been since purchased or otherwise acquired by the said Company in addition thereto, or which now are possessed or claimed or held by the said Company on the said Coast; and the said Forts, Castles, Buildings, Possessions, Estate and Rights, so acquired, possessed, enjoyed or claimed, or now held by the said Company, shall henceforth be, and the same

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 28. 35

and every of them are and are hereby declared and enacted to be fully and absolutely vested in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for ever.

[His Majesty may grant Allowances to Officers, &c. of Company not continued in Employment or otherwise in His Majesty's Service, and charge same upon Consolidated Fund:]

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to grant such reasonable Allowances as His Majesty may deem just and fit, to such of the Officers and Servants of the said Company as may appear deserving of the same, and may not be retained in the Government or Management of any of the said Forts, Castles or Possessions of the said Company, or may not be otherwise employed in His Majesty's Service, and to charge the same upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; which Allowance, when so granted, shall commence from the Time of the respective Persons to whom the same may respectively be granted ceasing to be employed in the Management of any of the said Forts, Castles or Possessions, or otherwise in His Majesty's Service, and shall be payable and paid quarterly after such Commencement respectively, at the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster, out of the said Consolidated Fund, free and clear of and from all Taxes, Charges and other Deductions whatsoever; but that no such Allowance shall be considered as finally and conclusively granted until the same shall have been first submitted to Parliament:

[If afterwards appointed, Allowance to cease or be reduced.]

Provided always, that if any Officer or Servant of the said Company, to whom any such Allowance may in the first Instance be granted under the Provisions of this Act, should be afterwards appointed to any Office or Employment in His Majesty's Service, of equal or greater Emolument, such Allowance shall, from the Date of such Appointment, altogether cease and determine; but if the said Office or Employment be of less Emolument, a Deduction shall in such case be made from such Allowance, equal to the Amount of the Salary and Emoluments of such Office or Employment.

[The Possessions held by the African Compamy, and also the Territories belonging to His Majesty on the West Coast of Africa herein mentioned, annexed to Sierra Leone.]

---

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty to order and direct that all or any of the Forts and Possessions hereinbefore mentioned, and also any Territories, Islands or Possessions on the West Coast of Africa, between the Twentieth Degree of North Latitude and the Twentieth Degree of South latitude, which now do or at any Time hereafter shall or may belong to His Majesty, shall be annexed to or made Dependencies on the Colony of Sierra Leone; and that from the Date of their being so annexed or made Dependencies on the said Colony, they shall be subject to all such Laws, Statutes and Ordinances as shall be in force in the said Colony, or shall at any Time thereafter be made, enacted or ordained by the Governor and Council of the said Colony, and shall not be disallowed by His Majesty, in the same Manner as if the said Forts, Possessions, Territories or Islands had originally formed Part of the said Colony of Sierra Leone.

[Act may be altered, &c. this Session.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this Session of Parliament.

36 C. 29. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to remove Doubts on the Allowances of the Duty paid on Irish Starch imported into Great Britain, payable on such Starch consumed in preparing Manufactures of Flax or Cotton in Great Britain, and for Regulating the Importation thereof.

[7th May 1821.]

WHEREAS Doubts have arisen, whether the like Allowances are, payable of the Duty paid for or upon Irish Starch imported into Great Britain, when employed and consumed in Great Britain in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton for Sale, or in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale, as are by Law allowed and paid for and upon Starch made in Great Britain, and so used: To obviate all such Doubts, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[The like Allowances of Duty on Starch made in G.B. used as herein-mentioned, allowed for Starch made in Ireland, and imported into G.B.]

---

That the like Allowance and Allowances of the Duty paid for or upon Starch made in Great Britain, and used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain in preparing and finishing any Manufactures of Flax or Cotton for Sale, (except such as shall be used in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale,) and for or upon such Starch when used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain in finishing new Linen in the Piece for Sale respectively, is and are payable and shall be allowed and paid for and upon every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain; and for and upon which the Duties payable on the Importation thereof have been duly charged and paid, and which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain as aforesaid; subject and liable nevertheless to the like Provisions made by Law for or in respect of such Allowance and Allowances payable on Starch made m Great Britain and so employed and consumed as aforesaid.

[Notice of Intention to export Starch from Ireland, specifying Number of Packages and Weight, &c.]

II. And be it further enacted, That for the due and regular Importation into Great Britain of Starch made in Ireland, and better Security of the Duties payable thereon, all Person and Persons intending to export any Starch made in Ireland to Great Britain, shall, Six Hours at the least before he or they shall ship the same, give, to the proper Officer of the Customs of the Port or Place in Ireland, where the same shall be intended to be shipped, a Notice thereof in Writing, specifying in such Notice the Number of Boxes or other external Packages, and also the Number of Pieces or Parcels, and Net Weight of the Starch contained in each such Boxes or other external Package respectively, intended to be so shipped, with the respective Marks and Numbers of every such Box or other external Package, and the Tare thereof,

[Regulation for Packages, and tying up Starch in Parcels.]

(every such external Package having the Word Starch permanently marked on the Outside thereof in distinct Letters of Two Inches in Length at the least, and containing at the least Two hundred and twenty four Pounds Net Avoirdupois of such Starch, and the Starch therein being in Pieces or Parcels,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 29.

and each Piece or Parcel enclosed in a separate Paper, tied up with a String, the Ends of which shall cross each other on that

Side of the Piece or Parcel where the Ends of the Paper are folded,) and also specifying in such Notice the Quay or Place where such Goods are lying, and from which they are intended to be shipped, and the Time when such Shipment is intended to-take place, and the Name of the Ship or Vessel in which the same* are intended to be shipped and exported, and of the Master' or Commander thereof, and of the particular Port or Place in Great Britain to which such Goods are intended to be exported; and such Officer shall, upon the Receipt of such Notice and the< Officers to take Production of such Goods, take an Account of such Starch, and Account of of the Marks and Numbers of each of such Boxes or other ex-teraal Packages, and shall ascertain the Gross Weight of each ^"^Psduges. of such Boxes or other external Packages of Starch, and compare the same with the Particulars expressed in such Notice as aforesaid; and the Shipper or Exporter of such Goods shall thereupon, nail, screw or fasten down each of such Boxes or other Bond to be external Packages; and before shipping the same, give and enter given for th* into Bond with sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the proper ExPort* Collector of the Customs in Ireland, in a Penalty calculated at the *tioik Rate of Seven Pence British Currency for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of the Starch mentioned in such Bond, with a Condition thereunder written, that such Starch (being therein described according to the several Particulars specified and contained in such Notice as aforesaid, if upon such Examination as aforesaid the Goods and Packages are found to agree with such Notice) and that every Part thereof shall be shipped and exported as aforesaid, and shall not be unshipped, unladed or laid on Land, or put on board any other Ship or Vessel in Great Britain (except in case of Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident); which Bond the Collector of the Customs of the Port or Place in Ireland from which such Starch is intended to be exported, is hereby directed to take in His Majesty's Name, and to His Majesty's .Use; and shall without Fee or Reward, after the Boxes or other ex- Certificate of ternai Packages containing such Starch have been seen and in- Shipping. "inspected on board of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, for the >enb Exportation thereof, deliver a Certificate of such Shipment, de- ^Joper Officer scribing therein the Number of Boxes, or other external Packages, to the Master of with the respective Marks and Numbers thereof^ and the Number the Vewel. of Pieces or Parcels of Starch papered and tied up as aforesaid contained therein respectively, together with the Tare of each such Box or other external Package, and the Net Weight of the Starch therein contained, and also the Date of such Shipment and Bond as aforesaid, with the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and of the Master or Commander thereof, and the Port or Place in 7re-land at which shipped and from which exported, and the Port or Race in Great Britain to which the same is intended to be exported, according to the Particulars contained in such Bond as aforesaid, and shall thereupon deliver such Certificate to such Master or Commander, to accompany the Goods on the said Voyage, and shall transmit a Duplicate of such Certificate by the Duplicate sent Post, at the Expence of the Shipper of such Goods, to the Ih- jj tpector or Port Surveyor of Excise of the Port or Place in Great importation

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

On Arrival Certificate produced, and on Entry of Goods, and Officer satisfied and Duties paid, Certificate to be transmitted to Ireland, and Bond cancelled.

Starch so imported to be labelled and stamped therein directed.

Notice void if Packages do not agree in Particulars; and Penalty 20l.

Britain mentioned in such Certificate; and that upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel at such Port or Place as aforesaid, or from Necessity at any other Port or Place in Great Britain, such Master or Commander shall show the same to every Officer of Excise who shall board the said Ship or Vessel and demand the Inspection of such Certificate, and snail deliver such Certificate to the proper Inspector or Port Surveyor of Excise, at the Port or Place in Great Britain of such Importation, and upon Entry of such Goods being made at such Port or Race in Great Britain as last aforesaid, for Payment of the Duties payable thereon, the Inspector, Surveyor or Officer of Excise duly appointed for that Purpose, shall and may open every such Box or other external Package, and weigh and compare the Contents thereof with such Certificate thereof as aforesaid, and if he deem it necessary, open the Ends of the Paper in which each Piece or Parcel of such Starch is enclosed and tied up, so as to satisfy himself that the same contains only Starch made in Ireland; and if upon such Weighing and Examination thereof, he shall find the same to agree with the Particulars specified in such Certificate as aforesaid, and to be a fair and legal Importation, he shall forthwith, after the Duties payable on the Importation of such Starch shall be fully paid, make out and deliver to the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel a Certificate of the due Importation, Landing and Examination of, and Payment of Duty on such Starch, specifying the several Particulars aforesaid, and shall, at the Expence of the Importer of such Starch, transmit by Post a Duplicate of such last mentioned Certificate to the Collector of the Customs of the Port or Place in Ireland from which such Starch was shipped or exported as aforesaid, who upon the Receipt of such Certificate is hereby required, after comparing the same with such Bond as aforesaid, to cancel such Bond, if such Certificate and Bond are found to correspond and agree; and such Importer is, after the Delivery of such Certificate as aforesaid, hereby reouired thereupon, at his own Expence, but in the Presence or the proper Officer of Excise, strongly to affix with warm Paste made with Glue on every Piece or Parcel of Starch so papered and tied up, a Label of thin Paper Three Inches long and Three Inches broad at the least, of a different Colour to mat in which the Starch is wrapped; videlicet, if the Starch is wrapped in Blue or Brown Paper, the Label shall be White, and if wrapped in White Paper, the Label shall be Blue; and such Label shall be affixed on that Side of the Piece of Starch where the Ends of the Paper shall be folded, and in such Manner as to prevent the opening thereof without tearing the Label; and the proper Officer of Excise shall thereupon stamp every Label on every Piece or Parcel of such Statch, with such Stamp as shall be directed by the Commissioners of Exoise for the Duties upon Starch.

III. And be it further enacted, That if upon the proper Officer of the Customs in Ireland taking an Account of and weighing any Packages of Starch produced to him as the Goods specified and described in any such Notice as aforesaid, shall find and discover the same not to agree with the Particulars specified in such Notice, or not according to the Provisions of this Act, every such Notice shall be void, and the Person and Persons giving such Notice shall

forfeit

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 29.

forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds British Currency, to

be recovered, paid and applied as any other Penalty or Penalties

by any Law relating to His Majesty's Customs in Ireland; and that If Starch be not

if any Starch for which any such Bond shall be given as aforesaid, I*1 in G.B.

for the due Shipment and Exportation thereof to Great Britain,

shall not be landed in Great Britain (Shipwreck and other un- witMnThree

avoidable Accident excepted) , and the Duty payable thereon paid, Months, Bond

and for which such a Certificate thereof as is hereinbefore men- forfeited.

tioned shall not be delivered to the proper Collector of the Customs

in Ireland within Three Calendar Months after the Date of such

Bond, the Penalty of such Bond shall be forfeited; and if any Jf Regulation

Starch made in Ireland shall, after the Expiration of One Month n4 complied

after the passing of this Act, be shipped in Ireland and imported

into Great Britain otherwise than as aforesaid, or without such

Irish Certificate as is hereinbefore provided for that Purpose,

or not agreeing therewith in the Weight, Quality and Description

of the Goods or Packages therein specified, or for which such

Certificate is not received or delivered at the Time of Importation,

r which is not duly entered, and the Duties paid thereon, or on any Piece or Parcel of which the Importer thereof refuses or neglects to affix such Label as aforesaid, or of which any Piece or Parcel shall bd removed or concealed from the proper Officer before the same has been marked or stamped thereon by such Officer to denote the Charge of Duty, all such Starch, with the Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any Package*im-Packa^e or Packages shall be imported as aforesaid as Starch ported as Starch made in Ireland, which shall be or contain any Foreign Starch in Ir.e; or any other Goods or Commodity than Starch made in Ireland, all such Goods and Packages shall be forfeited, and shall and or oth^ Goods, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Im- forfeited, and porter and Importers thereof and every Person concerned therein, Penalty, shall, over and above such Forfeiture, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or Treble the Value of such Goods and Packages, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, to be recovered, paid and applied as any other Penalty or Penalties by any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Great Britain.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Article and Commo- British Gum dity called British Gum, or by any other Name or Description, to be deemed being a Preparation of or from Starch, or of or from any of the Starch-Materials from which Starch is made in Great Britain, or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, shall be deemed Starch, and subject and liable to all the Duties, Allowances and Drawbacks imposed, granted and allowed for and upon Starch, and to the several Laws and Regulations touching or r thereto.

d be it further enacted, Thht this Act may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

40

C. 30.

1 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Tolls.

CAP. XXX.

An Act for further improving the Roads between London and Holyhead, by Coventry, Birmingham and Shrewsbury.

[28th May 1821.]

" 55 G. 3. c. 152. 56 G. S. c. 142. 57 G. 3. c. 132. 58 G. 3- c. 101. 59 G. 3. c. 48. 59 G. 3. c. 133. 1 G. 4. c. 111.

" 1 G. 4. c. 70. 57 G. 3. c. 34. 57 G. 3. c. 124. 1 G. 4. c. 60. " recited. Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to be Comrais- sioners for executing this Act. 1. Exchequer Bill Commissioners to issue to the Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. u the Sum of 31,000l. 2. Security to be taken for Repayment " of the Exchequer Bills. Interest at 5 per Cent, per Ann. u Expence of Security, a Charge upon the Commissioners under " 55 G. 3. c. 152.  3. Trustees of Roads in Schedule (A.) " may lay on additional Tolls for Repayment of Advances. u Interest at 5 per Cent. per Ann.  4. Account to be kept " of Produce of additional Tolls. 5. Commissioners to apply " the Money advanced in making the Alterations according to u the Proportions in Schedule (A.)  6. Alterations and 1m- provements to be made under 55 G. 3. c. 152. 1 G. 4. c. 70. u  7. Provisions of said Acts extended to this Act. 8. Trustees of Roads in Schedule (A.) to execute an Assignment of u so much of the Tolls as shall be a sufficient Security for Repayment of Money advanced. If Trustees refuse to call a " Meeting for increasing of Tolls or to pay Interest, Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. may take Possession of Toil " Gates, &c. to collect Tolls. 9. The Trustees of Bilston Road, u and of Wolverhampton Road to make new Assignments of " Tolls, if applied to for that Purpose. Commissioners to take u Possession of Tolls, in case of Default of Trustees. Proviso u for Security given by Trustees of Bilston and Wolverhampton " Roads for SOOOOl. and 60001.  10. New Line of Road from c< the Coventry Road to be vested in Trustees under 34 G. 5.x. 115. u after the Expiration of Two Years. Such Trustees to take the " following Tolls. 11 .:

For every Horse, Mule or other Cattle, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Machine, Hearse, Chariot, Cidash, Chaise* Curricle, Chair or other such Carriage, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three Pence:

For every Horse, Mule or other Beast or Cattle, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such Carriage, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three-Pence:

For every Horse, Mule or Ass, laden or unladen and not drawing* any Sum not exceeding the Sura of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs or Pigs, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

Toll to be paid bat once a Day. 12.

Application of the " Money

A.D. 1821.

loft 2 GEO. IV. C. 30.

41

" Money arising by the last mentioned Tolls. (13. Tolls on " the new Line of Road levied as other Tolls. (14. Commissioners may erect Toll Gates and levy Tolls if Trustees of " Stonebridge and Birmingham Roads neglect. (15. In case u any Act under which Trustees are appointed should expire," whereby any of the Trusts in Schedule (A.) are dissolved, the " Commissioners may take Possession of Toll Gates, and levy Tolls until Money advanced is repaid; and Powers of expired " Acts to remain in Force. Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. u not liable for Repairs of Roads. (16. Commissioners under " 55 G. 3. c. 152. may grant Order to Persons to seize and levy u Tolls, in Cases of Default of Trustees. 17. Obstructing u Persons put in Possession of Toll Gates, &c. Persons obstructing may be apprehended. Proceedings thereon. Penalty " not exceeding 151., and if not paid, Offender to be committed M to County Gaol or House of Correction, not exceeding 14 Days. " (18. New Roads herein meant to be made over to the St. Albans u Trust, vested in Trustees for 51 G. 3. c. clviii.  (19. New u Road near Weedon to be made over to the Trustees of the " Stratford and Dunchurch Trust, under 54 G. 3. c. cxxvi.  20. u After Two Years by this Act, or 1 G. 4. c. 70. new Roads to be u made overby Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. to the Trustees of the District within which they shall lie. And when u completed, Trustees discharged from maintaining the old Roads. u (21. Trustees of the several Trusts empowered to erect or " remove Toll Gates on any Parts of the Road within their respective Districts. (22. Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. " inserted in Schedule (B.) empowered to take down Houses, &c. " Six Months' Notice thereof. And may use Gardens attached u thereto, making Satisfaction to Owners; 23. Misnomer or u wrong Descriptions in Schedule (B.) not to prevent Execution " of 55 G. 3. c. 152.  (24. Bodies Politic and incapacitated u Persons empowered to sell Houses, &c. described in Schedule Ci (B.) to Commissioners under 55 G. 3. c. 152. Contracts, &c. to u be made at Expense of Commissioners, and kept by their Clerks, u who on Request shall deliver attested Copies at 6d.for every 100 " Words, and so in proportion. (25. Satisfaction to be made to " Bodies Corporate, &c. Owners of Premises in Schedule (B.)  " (26. If Owners or others interested do not upon Notice in " Writing by Commissioners' Clerk agree with Commissioners " under 55 G. 3. c. 152. as to Purchase and Sale of the said " Houses, as being disabled by Nonage, Absence, Coverture or " other Impediment, or not disclosing Title, within 21 Days, u Sheriff, or Coroner if not interested, or if interested then other u Persons as herein mentioned to summon Jury. Fourteen Days' u Notice to Owners. Jury of Twelve. Counsel may attend. u Challenge. Sheriff, &c. may summon and examine Witnesses. " View by Jury. Sheriff, &c. to order Sum assessed to be paid. " Judgment signed by Sheriff, &c. binding. (27. Sheriff or other Officers neglecting Duty, Penalty 201. Persons impan- nelled not appearing, or refusing to be sworn, &c. Penalty as " if impannelled on a Trial at Assizes. Witnesses not attending," &c. Penalty not exceeding 101.  (28. False Oath under this Act Perjury. (29. No Claim for Damage sustained, unless

 Notice

42

C. SO, 31.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

i O.s. c. i.

8.

39 0.3. c. 33.

1 G.4. c. 1. 8.

Notice within Six Months. SO. In what Cases, Expence of " summoning Jury, settled by Sheriff, &c. and paid by Commissioners. In what Cases paid by the Persons disputing. 31. " Lands to be vested in the Commissioners on Payment or Tender " of the Value or Amount of Damages. Commissioners, &c. may enter. 82. Verdicts of Juries to be recorded in Quarter Sessions. Fee for Inspection of Copies at 6d. for every 72 Words," and so in proportion. 33. Application of Compensation Money if amounting to 2001.  34. Application of Compensation Mo ney where less than 2001. and amounting to or exceeding 201. 44  $ 35. Application of Compensation Money where less than 44 201.  36. In case of not midring out a good Title, &c. Commissioners may order Money awarded to be paid into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chan eery, 37. In case of disputed Titles, &c. Persons in Possession to be deemed lawfully entitled until the contrary be shown. 44 38. Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees. 39.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for removing Doubts as to the Continuance of the Hereditary Revenue in Scotland.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of Great Britain, it is amongst other things provided and enacted, that the several and respective Duties and Revenues which were payable to His late Majesty King George the Second, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during His Life, should be continued,

raised, levied and paid, from the Demise of His said late Majesty King George the Second, during the Life of His late Majesty King George the Third, in the same Manner only, and subject to the same or the like Charges thereon, as the same were liable or subject to, during the Life of His said late Majesty King George the Second: And Whereas an Act was made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excise on Teay Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the same with the former Duties thereon, and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating thereto: And Whereas by an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, it was amongst other things provided and enacted, that the several and respective Duties and Revenues which were payable to His late

Majesty King George the Third, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for and during His Life, shall be continued, raised, levied and paid, from the Demise of His said late Majesty, during the Life of His present Majesty, in the same Manner only, and subject to the same or the like Charges

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 3t.

thereon, as the same were liable or subject to during His said late Majesty's Life: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether by reason of the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown in that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland,

and the other Revenues there reserved to His late Majesty King George the Third by the before recited Act of the first Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, were sufficiently reserved to His said late Majesty during His Life, so as by the said recited Act of the First Year of His present Majesty's Reign to be suffi-

tiently reserved to His present Majesty In order to obviate all such Doubts, be it enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Hereditary Hereditary Revenues of the Crown of Scotland, and other Re- Revenue of the

granted to His late Majesty King Geo the Second during His Life, and reserved to His late Majesty King George the to preaent Third during His Life, by the said recited Act of the First Year Majesty, of His sdSd late Majesty's Reign, did belong and were payable to and at the Disposal of His late Majesty King George the Third during His Life, by virtue of the said recited Act made in the First Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, subject and liable to the Provisions by Law directed and established of and concerning the same, any thing in the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign contained notwithstanding; and that the said Hereditary Revenues so settled upon His said late Majesty King George the Third for His Life, by the said recited Act made in the said First Year of His Reign, do belong to and are at the Disposal of His present Majesty, in the same manner as they did belong to and were at the Disposal of His late Majesty King George the Third, before and at the Time of passing the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His Reign, and that the same, and the Civil Establishment in Scotland payable out of the same, shall continue to be paid in like manner as they were before and at the Time of the passing the said Act of the Fifty ninth Year of

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, any thing in thie said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, Surplus after that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to ex* Charges paid tend, to prevent the Surplus or Balance which may remain after to f? defraying the Whole of the Charges upon or incident to the said 80 ux>d* Fund, recited in the said Act made in the said First Year of His present Majesty's Reign, from going and being carried to die Account of the Consolidated Fund4of the United Kingdom, as directed by the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act may be amended or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this *}^er*d In Session of Parliknient. Un

Certain Indentures and Certificates of Settlement declared valid.

Proviso for Decisions already made.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for declaring valid certain Indentures of Apprenticeship, and Certificates of Settlements of poor Persons, in England.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS in divers Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Chapelries and Places in England^ for a long Period of Time, only One Churchwarden or Chapelwarden has been annually appointed, where Two or more Churchwardens or Chapelwardens had been formerly been appointed for each of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Chapelries or Places: And Whereas divers Indentures for the Binding of Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlements of poor Persons, which may have been executed and signed by such single Churchwarden or Chapelwarden, acting in and for a Parish, Township, Hamlet or Place, for which formerly Two or more Churchwardens or Chapelwardens had been appointed, may on that account, if contested in a Court of Law, be deemed to be null and void: And Whereas much Litigation has recently arisen between Parishes, owing to the Discovery of such Defect as above mentioned in the Appointment of Churchwardens and Chapelwardens; and it would tend to prevent future Litigation, if such Indentures and Certificates as before mentioned were in certain cases declared to be valid and effectual:* May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Indentures for the Binding of Parish Apprentices, and Certificates of the Settlement or Settlements of poor Persons, which have been, previous to the passing of this Act, executed or signed by One Churchwarden or Chapelwarden, acting or purporting to act in the Capacity of Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Chapelwarden or Chapelwardens, for any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Chapelry or Place in England, for which Two Churchwardens or Chapelwardens had formerly been appointed, shall be deemed and taken to be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Indentures or Certificates had been executed by One or more Churchwarden or Chapelwarden, Churchwardens or Chapelwardens legally appointed; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect or set aside any Decision or Judgment made or given in any Court of Judicature respecting any such Indentures or Certificates, or to alter, impeach or affect the Settlement of any Person for whose Removal any Order of Justices shall have been duly made, previous to the passing of this Act, or to legalize or make valid any Indentures or Certificates to be signed or executed a& hereinbefore mentioned, after the passing of this Act.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C.S3.

46

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Establishment of Asylums for the Lunatic Poor, and for the Custody of Insane Persons charged with Offences in Ireland.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty seventh Year *7G.s. c. los.

W of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, i g. 4. c. 98.

intituled An Act to provide for the Establishment of Asylumsfor the Lunatic Poor in Ireland; and which Act was amended by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament; and it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts should be consoli-(dated, and that the same should be amended; and it is also

expedient that the Custody of Insane Persons charged with

Offences, in Ireland, should be regulated in like manner as in England:1 Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Repealed, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the passing of

this Act, the said recited Acts of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the last Session of Parliament, shall be and the same are hereby repealed: Provided always, that all Matters done Matters and Things, at any Time heretofore done under the said under recited Acts, or either of them, or for the carrying the said Acts, 110 remam

or either of them, into Execution, shall be and remain as good, v valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; and that all Asylums erected or established under the said recited Acts shall in future be regulated under the Directions of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That at any Time after the Lord Lieuten-passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord ant empowered Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Privy Council LunaticPoorto in Ireland, to direct and order that any Number of Asylums for be erected in the Lunatic Poor in Ireland shall be erected and established in Districts, co-and for such Districts in Ireland, as to the said Lord Lieutenant "sting either of or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council shall Twofm<>re f seem expedient; and that every such District shall and may con- On^Cwntyor sist either of the whole of Two or more Counties, or of One or Town onlyf more County or Counties, and One or more County or Counties of Cities or Towns, or of One County, or County of a City or County of a Town only, and no more; but shall not in any case include Part only of any County, County of a City or Town; and that all Lunatic Poor within every such District respectively shall be maintained and taken care of in the Asylum belonging to such District; and that every such Asylum established or to be established for any District, consisting of more than One County, or One County of a City or County of a Town, shall be sufficient to contain such Number of Lunatic Poor, not being less than One hundred nor more than One hundred and fifty m any One Asylum, as shall seem expedient to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council; and that where

I

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

46

Asylums must be sufficient for not less than Fifty Lunatics.

Grand Jury, at Assizes, to present Sum requisite for Asylums.

Lord Lieutenant may direct Money to be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, for establishing such Asylums.

Grand Jury to present Sums for Repayment.

Lord Lieutenant may appoint Directors and Commissioners for superintending Asylums.

C. 8S.

any such District shall consist of only One County, or County of a City or County of a Town, and no more, every such Asylum shall be sufficient to contain such Number of Lunatic Poor, not being less than Fifty, as shall seem expedient to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council; i and every Order of Council to be made for any such Purpose shall be published in the Dublin Gazette.

III. And be it further enacted, That at any Time after any such Order of Council shall be made and published in the Dublin Gazette, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any and every County, County of a City and County of a Town, within any such District, or of which such District wall consist, at any Assizes to present such Sum or Sums of Money to be raised off such County, County of a City or County of a Town respectively, as shall be requisite for defraying the Expences of erecting and establishing such Asylum, and for maintaining the same, to such Amount and in such Proportions as shall be directed by any Order to be made by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of: Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to order and direct that any Sum or Sums of Money shall be advanced and issued and paid out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom arising in Ireland, to such Person or Persons as shall be named in any such Order of Council, or into the Bank of Ireland, in the Names of any such Person or Persons, to be paid and applied for the Purpose of erecting and establishing any such Asylum for the Lunatic Poor in any such District in Ireland, in such Sums and at such Times, and in such Manner and Proportions, and under such, Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, and to annex such Penalties for Breach of such Rules, Regulations, Terms and Conditions, as to such Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and Privy Council shall seem best suited for promoting the beneficial Purposes of this Act; and after any such Asylum shall be fit for the Reception of such Lunatic Poor, the Grand Jury of every County, County of a City or County of a Town, within the District in and for which such Asylum shall be erected and established, or of which such District snail consist, shall present such Sum or Sums of Money at the several ensuing Assizes, for the Repayment of the Money so advanced, and at such Times and in such Proportions as shall be directed by the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice of His Majesty's Privy Council in Ireland, to nominate and appoint such Persons as he and they shall think fit and proper, to be Governors or Directors of every or any such Asylum, in any such District; and also to nominate and appoint any Persons not exceeding Eight in Number, to be Commissioners for general Controul and Correspondence, and for the superintending and directing the Erection, Establishment and

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 8S,

47

Regulation of all such Asylums; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and Privy Council, to make, frame and establish, or upon the Suggestion and Recommendation of such Commissioners for general Controul and Correspondence, to adopt and authorize any Rules and Regulations for the good Conduct and Management of such Asylums in general, or of any such Asylum in particular: Provided always, that every Person who No Allowance shall be appointed to be a Governor or Director of any such to Director, &e* Asylum, or to be One of the Commissioners for such general Controul and Correspondence, shall act without any Salary, Fee, Reward or Emolument whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in each and every case, Commissioners where ah Order of Council for the Erection of a District Lu- rent and natic Asylum shall have been made and published in the Dublin Purchase P'e-Gazette as in this Act is provided, the said Commissioners for J^unatic*1" general Controul and Correspondence shall have full Power and Asylums. Authority to rent or purchase any Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, on the Scite or Scites of which it

shall be proposed to erect or maintain any such District Lunatic Asylum; and any Houses, Lands, Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments, so rented or purchased, shall and mqy be conveyed to the said Commissioners, or any .Three of them, and to their Heirs and Successors, in Trust to and for the Uses and Purposes of the said District Lunatic Asylum.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the GrandJuri, at Grand Jury of every County, County of a City or County of a A*"ae8 to Town, in Ireland, in or for which, wholly or in part, any such

Asylum hath been or shall be established, or hath been or shall Asylums; be ordered or directed so to be under the Provisions of the said recited Acts or this Act; and such Grand Jury are hereby required, at the Assizes next ensuing the Day or Time when such Purchase shall be made, or such Rent shall become due, or any Expenditure shall have been made for supplying or maintaining any such Asylum, or the Officers or Attendants thereof, or the Patients therein, or as soon after as shall be requisite, and so from time to time whenever the Case shall happen, to present to be raised off any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for completing such Purchase, or paying such Rent or Rents, or any such Disbursements and Expenditures, or any of them, or any Part or Proportion thereof, to be ascertained by an Order to be made by the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, in Council as aforesaid; and if the said Grand Jury shall otherwise Court refuse to make any such Presentment, the Court shall order the to older the Sum or Sums which ought to be so presented, to be raised as if *

the same had been so presented, and the same shall be raised and paid accordingly.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Bodies Corps,

lawful to and for all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Trustees, rate, &c. may Guardians of Infants, Committees of Lunatics, Femes Covert with convey

their Husbands, and all other Persons whatsoever, who are or shall

be seised or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto any urpoees.

Estate or Interest whatsoever in thq Lands, Houses, Grounds,

Tenements,

C. 3S.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Sheriffs to proceed in making Valuations of Premises, as they are empowered to do in Cases of Valuation of Scites of Gaols under 50 G. 3. c. 103.

Powers vested in Commissioners for building Gaols, to extend to Commissioners for building Lunatic Asylums.

Provisions of 50 G. 3. c. 103. and other Acts, affecting Purchase and Valuation of Scites, to extend to this Act, &c.

Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments which by the said Commissioners shall be thought necessary to be rented or purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act, by Deeds indented and enrolled, to demise, sell and convey all and any such Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, and all the respective Estates and Interests therein, to the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, and their Heirs and Successors; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances that shall be so made, shall be good and valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that such Commissioners, and their Heirs and Successors, shall be Trustees of all such Houses, Lands, Tenements' and Hereditaments, as shall be conveyed to or vested in them under and by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes herein provided, and for no other Purpose whatsoever.

IX. And for the better ascertaining the Rent or Value of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as may be rented or purchased for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, to issue a Warrant or Warrants, or Precept or Precepts, to the Sheriff of the County, or County of a City or County of the Town wherein the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments proposed to be purchased, are lying and being; and such Sheriff or Sheriffs respectively shall thereupon proceed to take such Steps for the Valuation of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as are prescribed for the Valuation of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments taken for the Scites of Gaols, virtue of an Act passed in the Fiftieth Vear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the several Laws relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for reenacting such of the Provisions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments, or of any Act or Acts for amending the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers vested in the Commissioners for building Gaols in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, or of any Act for amending the same, shall be, and are hereby vested in the Commissioners of General Controul and Correspondence for the District Lunatic Asylums of Ireland, or any Three of them, so far as the same relate to the holding a Court, and proceeding to the Valuation of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, on the Scite of which any District Lunatic Asylum shall, or may have been, or may be erected, under and by virtue of this Act, or the said recited Acts.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every of the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, or any Act for amending the same, which affect or relate to the Purchase and Valuation of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Scites of Gaols or Prisons, or to any Notices, Proceedings, Summonses, Verdicts and Judgments, or to any Conveyances or Enrolments, or to the Lodgments of Consideration Money, or to Petitions to the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or to any Payments of Purchase Money, or to

> apply

rented

any Rights and Titles of Parties interested, shall be held to i to the Valuation of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments n

or

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

C. 83.

or taken for the Scites of Lunatic Asylums under this Act, or the said hereinbefore recited Acts; and such Verdicts, Judgments and Conveyances, shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Person* *p-Case, when a Jury shall be impannelled and sworn for the Valu- P, ntec| ation of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments rented or taken co*ss, onr* for the Scite of any Lunatic Asylum as aforesaid, it shall and Lord Lieu"  may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three tenant, to proof them, to appoint, by an Instrument in Writing under their side in Court, to Hands and Seals, by and with the Approbation of the Lord. Lieu- r*"*lr* Verdicts tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors in Council, not less Caswof than Six Persons, nor more than Twelve, Three of whom shall vSTadonas be competent to act on Behalf of the said Commissioners, in pre- under 50G. s. siding at such Court, and receiving the Verdicts of such Jury as c. los.

shall be held and impannelled for such Valuation, such Persons so appointed and approved of being Magistrates for One or more of the Counties, Counties of Cities or Counties of Towns, comprehended within the District for which such Asylums respectively have been or shall be erected, or of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, of which such District shall consist; and the Acts of such Magistrates, or any Three of them, shall be of equal Force and Validity with those of the Commissioners themselves, so far as relates to holding a Court for such Valuation, and performing the Duties necessary for such Valuation, as prescribed by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, or any Act or Acts for amending the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rent or Purchase Rentor Pur-

Money so fixed anil ascertained as aforesaid, shall be provided for chjwe Money out of the general Funds for the Erection of and Maintenance of P"1 olJt, Lunatic Asylums, by virtue of this Act. generttl Funds-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That before the Twenty fifth A yearly Ac-Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and of

so in every succeeding Year before the Twenty fifth Day of March Ex ndkure of in each Year, the Governors or Directors of the several Lunatic eVeiy such Asy-Asylums in Ireland, which have been or shall be established under lum to be laid the said recited Acts hereby repealed, or under this Act, or the before Commis-Treasurer or other proper Officer of such Lunatic Asylum re- "oneraof Ac-spectively, shall yearly and every Year make out and deliver and counts* transmit to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Ireland, a Return containing a Statement and Accounts of all the Funds intrusted to the Governors or Directors of every such Lunatic Asylum respectively, for the Benefit of every such Asylum, and of the Application of such Funds, for the* Year ending on the Twenty fifth Day of December preceding such Twenty fifth Day of March, with the Balances of the Debts and Credits, and of the whole Funds of every such Asylum respectively, on such Twenty fifth Day of December; and also the Number of Patients or Persons received into and sent out of every such Asylum respectively during such preceding Year, and the Number of Patients remaining therein at the time of such Return, and the Number and Names of the Physicians, Surgeons,

Officers, Servants and other Persons employed in or about the Management of every such Asylum respectively, and all such

1 & 2 Geo. IV.

E

50

C. S3.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Commissioners for auditing Accounts under this Act to exercise the Powers of 52 G. 3. c. 52.

Disobeying Orders of Commissioners.

[Penalty.]

Persons indicted and acquitted on the Ground of Insanity at the Time of Commission of the Crime, may be detained in Custody.

other matters and things relating to the Management, Revenue and Expenditure of every such Asylum respectively, as shall from time to time be required by the said Commissioners of Accounts, for the full Disclosure of the State of every such Asyluirt respectively; and all the said Returns, Statements and Accounts shall be signed by the Secretary, Treasurer or Chief Officer for the time being of every such Asylum respectively, and shall be confirmed as just and true Statements by the Signature of Three Governors or Directors of every such Asylum respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Accounts shall have, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to use and exercise all such Powers, for the obtaining of the Accounts, Statements and Returns by this Act required to be made relating to the said Lunatic Asylums, and in the exercising and stating of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure, and of the Debts and Credits of every such Asylum respectively, as are given to or vested in the said Commissioners of Accounts under and by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to provide for the speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of Ireland, with respect to the matters and things required to be done by the said Commissioners of Accounts under the said recited Act; and all and every Persons and Person shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties for any Disobedience to any Orders of the said Commissioners of Accounts in the execution of this Act, as are inflicted or imposed by the said recited Act on Persons disobeying the Orders of 4he said Commissioners under the said recited Act.

XVI. And Whereas Persons charged with Offences in Ireland may have been or may be of unsound Mind at the time of committing the Offence wherewith they may have been or shall be charged, and by reason of such Insanity may have been or may be found not guilty of such Offences; and it may be dangerous

to permit Persons in such cases to go at large Be it therefore enacted, That in all cases where it shall be given in Evidence on the Trial of any Person in Ireland, charged with Treason, Murder or any other Offence, that such Person was insane at the Time of the Commission of such Offence, and such Person shall be acquitted, the Jury shall be required to find specially whether such Person was insane at the time of the Commission of such Offence, and to declare whether such Person was acquitted by them on account of such Insanity; and if they shall find that such Person was insane at the time of the committing such Offence, the Court before whom the Trial shall be had, shall, if it shall be thought necessary oy proper, order such Person to be kept in strict Custody, in such Place and in such Manner as to the Court shall seem fit, until the Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be known; and it shall thereupon be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to give such Order for the safe Custody and Care of such Person, during the Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, in

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 33.

51

such Place and in such Manner as shall seem fit; and in alt cases where any Persoa before the passing of this Act has been acquitted of any such Offences, on the Ground of Insanity at the time of the Commission thereof, and has been detained in Custody as a dangerous Person by Order of the Court before whom such Person has been tried or otherwise, and shall remain in Custody at the time of the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to give the like Order for the safe Custody and Care of such Person, as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, is or are by this Act enabled to give in the cases of Persons who shall hereafter be acquitted on the Ground of Insanity.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person indicted in Ireland for any Offence shall be found to be insane, by a Jury lawfully impannelled for that Purpose, so that such Person cannot be tried upon such Indictment; or if, upon the Trial of any Person so indicted, such Person shall appear to the Jury charged with such Indictment to be insane, it shall be lawful for the Court before whom such Person shall be brought to be tried as aforesaid, to direct such Finding to be recorded, and thereupon to order such Person to be "kept in strict Custody, and to be taken care of, until the Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be known; and if any Person charged with any . Offence shall be brought before any Court to be discharged for Want of Prosecution, and such Person shall appear to be insane, it shall be lawful for such Churt to order a Jury to be impannelled to try the Sanity of such Person; and if the Jury so impannelled shall find such Person to be insane, it shall be lawful for such Court to order such Person to be kept in strict Custody, in such Place and in such Manner as to such Court shall seem nt, until the Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall be known; and in all cases of Insanity so found, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to give the like Order for the safe Custody and Care of such Person so found to be insane, as the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, is or are by this Act enabled to give in the cases of Persons acquitted on the Ground of Insanity.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That whenever and as soon as there shall be a Lunatic Asylum built or maintained, either wholly or in part, in any County, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein such Prisoner, in any of the cases aforesaid, shall be tried or found insane as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth such insane Person shall, without Delay, be removed to such Asylum, and shall be kept therein so long as such Prisoner shall be detained in Custody.

Criminals found insane at the Time of their Indictment, or of being brought up to be discharged for want of Prosecution &c. maybe detained under Order of Courts, and Direction of Lord Lieutenant.

Such Insane Criminals to be removed and detained in Lunatic Asylums, when provided.

52

C. 34.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

9 Anne, c. 6. fl.) taking away Benefit of Clergy from stealing Goods value 5s. out of any Shop, Stable, Coach House or Booth in Fair or Market.

and 17 G. 2. c. 6. (I.) taking away Clergy from privately stealing Goods, value 5s. from aay Shop, Tan Yard, Drying House, Warehouse, Cellar, Coach House, Stable or Outhouse, not adjoining to Dwelling Houses, &c. or off any Quay, &c.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Ninth Year of Queen Anne, and in the Seventeenth Year of King George the Second, as inflicts Capital Punishment on Persons guilty of stealing to the Amount of Five Shillings, out of or from Shops, Warehouses, and other Outbuildings and Places, and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain Cases, and for taking away the Book in all Cases, and for repealing Part of the Statute for transporting Felons; it is among other Things enacted, that if any Person shall steal or feloniously { take away any Goods of the Value of Five Shillings or more, out of any Shop, or out of any Stable or Coach-house or Booth, in any Fair or Market, and being indicted or appealed thereof, shall be thereupon found guilty by Verdict of Twelve Men, or shall confess the same on his, her or their Arraignment, or will not answer directly according to Law, or shall wilfully or of Malice stand mute, or shall peremptorily challenge above the Number of Twenty Jurors, or shall be outlawed on the same Indictment, and also all and every Person and Persons who shall be accessary before or after to any of the aforesaid respective Facts, they and every the aforesaid respective Criminals shall receive Judgment and suffer the Pains ot Death, without any Allowance or Benefit of the Clergy or of the Act; any Law,

Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to take away the Benefit of Clergy from any Person that shall by Night or by Day time feloniously and fraudulently steal any Goods out of any Shop, Warehouse, Tan Yard, Dn/ing House, 4 Cellar or Outhouse, though not adjoining to any Dwelling House,

or o/f of Quays, and to encourage Persons to apprehend such Felons and other Robbers, it is among other Things enacted, that all and every Person or Persons that shall at apy Time or Times, by Night or in the Day time privately and feloniously stpal any Goods, Wares and Merchandize, to the Value of Five Shillings or more, out of any Shop, Tan Yard or Drying House belonging to a Tanner, Warehouse, Cellar, Coach House, Stable or other Outhouse, though not adjoining to the Dwelling House of the Owner thereof, although such Shop, Warehouse, Tan Yard, 1 Drying House, Cellar, Coach House, Stable or Outhouse, be not actually broke open by such Offender or Offenders, and although the Owner of such Goods or any other Person or Persons be or be not in such Shop, Warehouse, Tan Yard, Drying House, Cellar, Coach House, Stable or other Outhouse, to be put in fear; or shall feloniously steal any Goods to the Value of Five Shillings or more, left on any Quay or Wharf by any Mer-

chant

A.D. 1821.

1 & 9 GEO. IV. C. 34.

S3

or other Person; or shall assist, hire or command anj

Person or Persons to commit such Offence or Offences, being

thereof convicted or attainted by Verdict or Confession, or being indicted thereof shall stand mute, or will not directly

answer to the Indictment, or shall peremptorily challenge above the Number of Twenty Persons returned to be of the Jury, f shall be absolutely debarred and excluded of and from the Benefit of Clergy, or of any Statute: And Whereas the said

Acts have not been found effectual for the preventing of the

Crimes therein mentioned, and it is therefore expedient that so

much of the said Acts as is hereinbefore recited, should be re-

pealed in Manner hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas it might

tend more effectually to prevent the Crime of Larceny in any

Shop, or in any Tan Yard or Tanner's Drying House, or in any

Booth in any Fair or Market, or in any Warehouse or Cellar, or

in any Coach House, Stable or other Outhouse, or on any Quay

or Wharf, if every such Offence were punished more severely

than Simple Larceny; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Days next after the passing of this Act, so much and such Parts of the said several Acts, as is and are hereinbefore recited, shall be, and the same is and are hereby repealed, as to privately and feloniously stealing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, under the Value of Fifteen Pounds, out of any Shop or Warehouse, or in any Tan Yard, or out of any Drying House belonging to any Tanner, or out of any Booth in any Fair or Market, or out of any Cellar, or out of any Coach House, Stable, or other Outhouse, not adjoining to or being Part of the Dwelling House, and as to privately and feloniously stealing any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Value of Forty Shillings from any Wharf or Quay in Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Days next after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall privately and feloniously steal any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes of the Value of Five Shillings or more, being under the Value of Fifteen Pounds, out of any Shop, Warehouse, Tan Yard, Drying House, Booth, Cellar, Coach House, Stable, or other Outhouse in Ireland, not adjoining to or being Phrt of a Dwelling House, or who shall privately and feloniously steal any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, of the Value of Five Shillings or more, being under the Value of Forty Shillings, from any Quay or Wharf in Ireland, or who shall aid or assist any Person to commit any such Offence, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term not less than Seven Years, as the Court before which any such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge; or such Offender shall be liable, in case the said Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned only, or to be imprisoned and hept to hard Labour in the Common Gao) , House of Correction, or Penitentiary, for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

repealed as to privately stealing under a certain Value from the Places herein mentioned.

Persons privately stealing Goods from Shops, Tan Yards, Booths, Outhouses, &c. value 5s. and under 15l. or from Quays, under 40s. may be transported or imprisoned, &C

by

54

C. 35.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

AD: 1821.

CAP. XXXV.

An act for applying a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Purpose of building a Bridge over the River Conway, in the County of Carnarvon, and for imposing additional Rates of Postage on Letters and Packets conveyed over the said Bridge.

[28th May 1821.]

"55 G.3. c. 152. recited. Treasury empowered to advance 40,000l. towards building a Bridge over the River Conway. Purchasing of Tolls, &c. 1. Bridge to be built under the Powers of 55 G.3. c. 152. 2. A Waterway of 300 Feet to be left. 3. Commissioners within Six Calendar Months to contract for the Purchase of Conway Ferry. 4. Such Contracts to be at Expence of Commissioners. Copies of Conveyances to be delivered at 6d. per folio. 5. Satisfaction to be made to Persons interested. 6. If Parties are dissatisfied, they may cause a Jury to be impannelled to decide the Matter. Owner, or other Person interested, refusing upon Notice in Writing by Commissioners' Clerk, to treat, &c, or being disabled by Absence, Non Age, Coverture or other Impediment, or not disclosing Title within Twenty one Days. Sheriff or Coroner, not interested, or other Persons as herein mentioned, to impannel a Jury. Twelve Jurymen. Counsel may attend. Challenge. Sheriff, &c, may summon and examine Witnesses. View by Jury. Money assessed to be paid by Commissioners. Verdict of Jury binding, signed by Sheriff. No Certiorari, &c. 7. Sheriff or other Officers neglecting Duty. Penalty 20l. Persons summoned on Juries not attending. Penalty as if impanelled for Trial at Assizes. Witnesses not attending, &c. Penalty not exceeding 101. 8. False Oath under this Act punished as Perjury. 9. In what Cases Expence of impannelling, &c. Jury to be settled by Sheriffs, &c, and paid by Commissioners. In what Cases paid by the Persons disputing with the Commissioners. 10. Verdicts of Juries to be recorded in Quarter Sessions. Copies Evidence. Fee for Inspection 1s. ; Copies at 6d. for every 100 Words, and so in Proportion. 11. Application of Purchase Money when amounting to or exceeding 200l.  12. Application when Purchase Money is less than 200l. and 20l. or above. 13. Application when Purchase Money is less than 20l. 14. In default of Title, Money to be paid into the Bank in the Name of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery ; which Court, upon Motion or Petition, may make Order concerning the same. 15. When any Question shall arise as to the Title to Money, the Person in Possession of the Premises shall be deemed entitled, until the contrary be shown. 16. Commissioners to pay Purchase Money for Ferry, &c. within Thirty Days after Bridge completed. 17. No Person to pass the River Conway by the Bridge, or otherwise than in the Ferry Boats, until Bridge completed. 18."

Additional

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Postmaster General for the Time being, and he is

age to be paid.

3 by hereby

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 35.

55

hereby required, from and after the passing of this Act, to charge and levy on all Letters and Packets conveyed by Post, to and from any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, by way of Conway and Chester, in addition to the Rates and Duties now payable by Law for the Conveyance by the Post of such Letters and Packets, the Rated and Duties following; (that is to say), for a single Letter and Packet* the additional Sum of One Penny; for a double Letter and Packet, the additional Sum of Two Pence; for a treble Letter and Packet, the additional Sum of Three Pence; and so in Proportion, an additional Sum of One Penny, according to the Rate of Increase of the Postage of Letters now established by an Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Rates of Postage in Great Britain; and all the Powers and Authorities given by Law for the Recovery of the Postage of Letters shall be in force and applicable to such additional Duty hereby imposed; and the same shall be charged, paid and regulated by, and be subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Exemptions, as are now by Law in force as to the Rates and Duties payable on such Letters.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Sum or Sums of Money arising from the said additional Rate of Postage by this Act imposed, shall be paid over from Time to Time to the Receiver General for the Time being of the Revenue of the Post Office, in the same Manner and at the same Time as other Sums are directed to be paid over to him by the said Act of the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third; and the said Receiver General shall, at the Times when he shall pay the other Rates and Duties by him received into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, pay over also into the said Receipt all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be received by him for or on account of the said additional Rate of Postage hereby imposed, (the necessary Charges for paying, collecting and accounting for the same being first deducted), distinguishing the same in his Accounts, and paying such Sum and Sums of Money for and on account of the Commissioners appointed by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third; and the said Sum and Sums of Money so paid shall be carried to the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be applied in the Payment of the Interest of the Money to be advanced out of the said Fund, under the Provisions of this Act, until the said principal Sum of Forty thousand Pounds by this Act directed to be advanced shall be paid off; and in case there shall be any Surplus arising from such additional Postage hereby imposed, after Payment of such Interest as last aforesaid, then the same Surplus shall from time to time be applied, as far as the same will extend, in Payment of the said principal Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall have been advanced under the Powers in this Act contained.

" Destroying Works. Punishment, as in Cases of Felony;  may u be mitigated to Punishment of Petit Larceny. 21. Materials " vested m Commissioners; who may bring Actions or prefer Bills

E of

52 G. 3. c. 88.

Application of additional Postage.

Application pi* Surplus after Payment of Interest of Money ad* vanced.

56

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Public Notaries to Ik* duly sworn and admitted.

No Person admitted unless he shall have served as an Apprentice for Seven Years; and if bound after July 1, unless Affidavit of certain Particulars be made, which shall be filed in the proper Court.

Such Affidavit I'peuly read in Court.

C. 35, 36.

"Destroying Works. Punishment, as in Cases of Felony;  may be mitigated to Punishment of Petit Larceny. 21. Materials vested in Commissioners ; who may bring Actions or prefer Bills of Indictment against Persons stealing, injuring, &c. the same. 22. Commissioners to account to Treasury, and also lay yearly Accounts before Parliament. 23. When Bridge completed, Provisions of 59 G.3. c. 30. shall extend to this Act. 24. Limitation of Actions. General Issue. In what Cases Verdict to be for Defendant. Treble Costs. 25."

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Public Notaries in Ireland.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to prevent illiterate and inexperienced Persons being admitted or acting as Public

Notaries in Ireland:* Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, no Person in Ireland shall act as a Public Notary, or use and exercise the Office of a Notary, or do any Notarial Act, unless such Person shall have been duly sworn, admitted and enrolled, in manner hereinafter directed, in the Court wherein Notaries have been accustomarily sworn, admitted and enrolled.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of July, no Person shall be sworn, admitted and enrolled as a Public Notary, unless such Person shall have been bound by Contract in Writing, or by Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice for and during the Space of not less than Seven Years to a Public Notary duly sworn, admitted and enrolled, and for and during the said Term of Seven Years shall have continued in such Service; and also unless every such Person, who shall from and after the said First Day of July be bound by Contract in Writing, or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice to any Public Notary, shall within Three Months next after the Date of every such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, cause an Affidavit to be made and duly sworn by One of the subscribing Witnesses, of the actual Execution of every such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship by such Public Notary, and by the Person so to be bound to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid; and in every such Affidavit shall be specified the Names of such Public Notary, and of such Person so bound, and their Places of Abode respectively, together with the Day of the Date of such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship; and every such Affidavit shall be sworn and filed within the time aforesaid, in the Court where the Public Notary to whom every such Person respectively shall be bound as aforesaid, shall have been enrolled as a Notary, with the proper Officer or Officers, or his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, who shall make or sign a Memorandum of the Day of filing every such Affidavit on the Back or at the Bottom of such Contract or Indenture.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall alter the said First Day of July become bound as aforesaid, shall be admitted or enrolled a Public Notary in the Court of Faculties for

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 36.

57

admitting and enrolling Public Notaries, before such Affidavit shall be produced and openly read in such Court, at the time of such Person's Admission and Enrolment.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have been before the said First Day of July bound by Contract in Writing, or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice to a Public Notary, duly sworn, admitted and enrolled, for a Term less than Seven Years, it shall be lawful for the Parties to such Contract, by a further Contract in Writing duly executed by them, to enlarge the time of such Service, and extend the same to the full Term of Seven Years from the time of the original Contract; and such Person having actually served during the full Term of Seven Years shall be entitled to be admitted and enrolled a Public Notary, in the same Manner as he would have been entitled if the original Contract had been for the Term of Seven Years; the Facts of such Contracts, and of such Service for the full Term of Seven Years, being proved by Affidavit to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Faculties.

V. And be it further enacted, That the following Persons shall be deemed and taken to be the proper Officers for taking and filing such Affidavits; (that is to say) , the Lord Archbishop of Armagh, his Commissary or Commissioners for the time being.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer filing such Affidavits as aforesaid shall keep a Book wherein shall be entered the Substance of such Affidavit, specifying the Names and Places of Abode of every such Public Notary and Clerk, or Person bound as aforesaid, and of the Person making such Affidavit, with the Date of the Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship in such Affidavit to be mentioned, and the Days of swearing and filing every such Affidavit respectively; and such Officers shall be at liberty to take, at the time of filing every such Affidavit, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more, as a Recompence for his Trouble in filing such Affidavit; and which Book shall and may be searched in Office Hours by any Person or Persons whomsoever, upon Payment of One Shilling for such Search.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of July no Public Notary shall take, have or retain any Clerk or Apprentice, who shall become bound as aforesaid, after such Public Notary shall have discontinued or left off, or during such time as he shall not actually practise or carry on the Business of a Public Notary.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, from and after the said First Day of July, become bound by Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship to serve any Public Notary, as hereby directed, shall, during the whole Time and Terra of Service to be specified in such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship, or during the Time and Space of Seven Years thereof at least (if bound for a longer Term than Seven Years) , continue and be actually employed by such Public Notary in the proper Business, Practice or Employment of a Public Notary.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Public Notary, to or with whom any such Person shall be

If Party bound before July 1, for a less Term than Seven Yean, another Contract may be entered into for enlarging the Time to Seven Yean.

Officers for taking and filing Affidavits.

Officen filing Affidavits to enter the Substance in a Book.

Fee for filing.

Book may be searched.

Fee.

No Public Notary to have any Apprentice but while he shall actually practise.

Apprentice to be actually employed Seven Yean in the Business.

Service of Residue of Seven

C. 36.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Years with other Masters effectual.

Apprentice bound after July 1, before Admission, to tile Affidavit of Service.

Notary acting as such, or per. mitting his Name to be used for the Profit of any Person not entitled to act, struck off the Roll.

Acting as Notary without being admitted. Penalty 501.

bound, shall happen to die before the Expiration of such Terra, or shall discontinue or leave off such his Practice as aforesaid; or if such Contract or Indenture of Apprenticeship shall, by mutual Consent of the Parties, be cancelled; or in case such Clerk or Apprentice shall be legally discharged before the Expiration of such Term, and such Clerk or Apprentice shall in any of the said Cases be bound by another Contract or Contracts, Indenture or Indentures in Writing, to serve, and shall accordingly serve, in Manner hereinbefore mentioned, as Clerk or Apprentice to any such Public Notary as aforesaid, during the Residue of the said Term of Seven Years, then such Service shall be deemed and taken to be as good, effectual and available, as if such Clerk or Apprentice had continued to serve as a Clerk or Apprentice for the said Term of Seven Years to the same Person to whom he was originally bound, so as an Affidavit be duly made and filed of the Execution of such Second or other Contract or Contracts, within the Time and in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed concerning such original Contract.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person who, from and after the said First Day of July, shall become bound as Clerk or Apprentice as aforesaid, shall, before he be admitted and enrolled a Public Notary according to this Act, make before and file with the proper Officer hereinbefore for that Purpose mentioned, that he hath actually and really served and been employed by such practising Public Notary or Notaries to whom he shall have been bound as aforesaid, during the whole Term of Seven Years, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of July, if any Public Notary shall act as such, or permit or suffer his Name to be in any Manner used, for or on account or for the Profit and Benefit of any Person or Persons not entitled to act as a Public Notary, and Complaint shall be made in a summary Way to the Court of Faculties wherein he hath been admitted and enrolled, and Proof made upon Oath to the Satisfaction of the said Court, that such Notary hath offended therein as aforesaid, then and in such Case, every such Notary so offending shall be struck off the Roll of Faculties, and be for ever after disabled from practising as a Public Notary, or doing any Notarial Act, save and except as to any Allowance or Allowances, Sum or Sums of Money, that are or shall be agreed to be made or paid to the Widows or Children of any deceased Public Notary or Notaries, by any surviving Partner or Partners of such deceased Notary or Notaries.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of July, in case any Person shall, in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person, make, do, act, exercise or exer. cute and perform any Act, Matter or Tiling whatsoever, in anywise appertaining or belonging to the Office, Function and Practice of a Public Notary, for or in Expectation of any Gain, Fee or Reward, without being admitted and enrolled, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in maimer hereinafter mentioned *

XIII. PrO-

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 36.

59

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Proviso for Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not be taken or con- *>erBOns who strued to exclude any Person from being sworn, admitted and j3 on enrolled a Public Notary, in the accustomable Court aforesaid, before July J, who hath on or before the First Day of July been bound, by for Seven Years Contract in Writing or Indenture of Apprenticeship, to serve as though Term

a Clerk or Apprentice to any Public Notary, for the Term not xp*r! aftr less than Seven Years, notwithstanding that such Term of Seven 84 Ju y *

Years shall not expire till after the said First Day of July; and provided that such Clerk or Apprentice shall actually serve for the Remainder of the Term of Seven Years: Provided always, that an Affidavit shall be previously made and filed, in manner hereinbefore directed, of such actual Service, of any Term not less than Seven Years, to any such qualified Notary; and every such Affidavit as be-Person may, after the Expiration of such Term of Seven Years, fore mentioned, and Affidavit of such Service having been previously made and filed, as before directed, be sworn, admitted and enrolled to be a Public Notary, in the same manner as Persons to be admitted, fwora and enrolled Public Notaries are hereby required to be sworn, admitted and enrolled respectively; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted, That Proviso for nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to ^ro?tof* extend to any Proctor in any Ecclesiastical Court in Ireland, nor Coum*Secre- to anjr Secretary or Secretaries to any Bishop or Bishops merely taries to practising as such Secretary or Secretaries, or to any other Person Bishops, &c. or Persons necessarily created a Notary Public for the Purpose

of holding or exercising any Office or Appointment, or occasionally performing any Public Duty or Service under Government, or created a Public Notary for practising within a limited District, and not as general Practitioner or Practitioners; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall exempt or Proctors being be construed to exempt any Proctor, being also a Public Notary, Public Nota-or any Person created a Public Notary for practising within a limited District only, from the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and herein*1 men!*8 Disabilities by this Act imposed upon any Public Notary who tioned. shall permit or suffer his Name to be in any manner used for or on account or for the Profit and Benefit of any Person or Persons not entitled to act as a Public Notary.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Ptoviao for

tained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Pewou* who, Person, who on or before the passing of this Act shall have been ck

duly admitted as a Public Notary, from acting as a Public Notary, havebLn ad-or using or exercising the Office of a Notary, or doing any mitted as No-Notarial Acts whatever, as fully as if such Notary had been ad- uries. mitted, sworn and enrolled pursuant to the Regulations and Provisions of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Forfeitures Recovery and and Penalties imposed on any Person or Persons for Offences Application of committed against this Act, shall and may be sued for and Penalties* recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin,

by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One n-

60

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Public Ad

Duties on Importation of Wood and Timber dc* scribed in Table A. and the Drawbacks allowed on such as are used in Mines, to cease, except as to Arrears.

C. 36, 37.

parlance (shall be allowed, and wherein the Plaintiff, if he or she shall recover any Penalty or Penalties, shall recover the same for his or her own Use, with full Costs of Suit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and tried in the County wherein the Cause of Action shall have arisen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that^the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her or theii; Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Case by Law.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs on the Importation into Great Britain of certain Sorts of Wood and Timber, and certain Drawbacks or Allowances in respect of such Duties, and to grant other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of several Sorts of Wood and Timber, and certain Drawbacks allowable in respect of certain of the said Duties, should cease and determine, and that other Duties and Drawbacks should be granted and allowed in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the several Duties of Customs payable under any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act, upon the Importation into Great Britain of the several Sorts and Descriptions of Wood and Timber enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) , and the Drawbacks allowable in respect of the Duty on certain Sorts or Descriptions of such Wood

0

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C.S7.

61

or Timber used in Mines, shall cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering any Arrears thereof respectively which may remain unpaid or unallowed on the passing of this Act, or relating to any Fines, Forfeitures or Penalties in respect thereof which shall have been incurred at any time before the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in Keu and instead of the several Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Sorts and Descriptions of Wood and Timber enumerated and described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) , imported into Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted or described and set forth in Figures in the said Table marked (A.); and that ifi Lieu and instead of the Drawbacks and Allowances in respect of the Duties on certain Sorts or Descriptions of Wood or Timber used in Mines, and hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be paid and allowed the several Drawbacks also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Table marked (A.) to this Act annexed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Drawbacks specified in the Table to this Act annexed, to be allowed upon certain Sorts of Deals used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, and also the Drawbacks specified in the said Table upon certain Sorts of Fir Timber used and employed in any of the said Mines, shall be paid and allowed in such Manner, and under such Regulations as are contained and expressed in an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for granting a Drawback on Deals and Timber used m Mines, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, with respect to the Drawbacks payable and allowable under that Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing contained in this present Act, or in the Table thereto annexed, shall extend or be construed to extend to any Sort of Wood or Timber of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, nor to any Sorts of Wood or Timber imported into Great Britain from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof, but that all such Wood and Timber shall be and remain subject and liable to such and the same Duties as the same were subject and liable to under any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of the several Duties of Customs imposed by this Act and the Table thereto annexed, on the Importation of Timber being the Produce of Newfoundland, and imported directly from thence, shall be, and the same are hereby suspended; and the said Duties shall not be charged or payable on any such Timber so imported into Great

Britain until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, inclusive; any thing in this Act to the contrary

Instead thereof* the Duties and Drawbacks specified in Table A. shall be i>aid and allowed.

Drawbacks herein mentioned to be allowed, under the Regulations of 51 G. 3. c. 43.

Proviso for Wood imported from Limits of East India Company's Charter, and Cape of Good Hope.

Duties on Newfoundland Timber imported suspended till July 5. 1824.

62

C. 37.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proviso for Entry and other Regulations.

Duties imposed by tills Act may be secured by Bond.

On taking Wood or Timber already secured, for Home Consumption, (Exception) the new Duties to be paid.

Deal Ends or Batten Ends taken for Home Consumption to be subject to the former Duties only.

SOG.S. c. 29.

4 2. Wood and Timber described in Table A.

notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Timber shall be duly entered and landed, and shall be subject in every respect to all the Regulations required by Law; and that the Duty on such Timber hereby suspended shall revive and become payable, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, in such and the uke Manner as if me said Suspension of Duty had not taken place.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Sorts of Wood or Timber, on which any Duty is imposed by this Act and the Table thereto annexed, to pay the said Duties upon the Importation or Landing thereof in Great Britain in any Case where such Wood or Timber might, on or immediately before the passing of this Act, have been secured without Payment of Duty, or in any Case where Duties on such Wood or Timber are permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain on and immediately before the passing of this Act; but that in all such Cases the Duties specified in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A.) , may be secured by Bond or otherwise in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, as are contained in any such Act or Acts: Provided always, that in case the Importer or Proprietor of any such Sorts of Wood or Timber (other than Deal Ends and Batten Ends) , which shall have been entered and secured without Payment of Duty by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous of taking any such Wood or Timber from any place wherein the same shall be secured, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, then and in such Case the Duties imposed by this Act on such Sorts of Wood and Timber respectively (other than Deal Ends and Batten Ends) , shall be payable thereon, notwithstanding such Wood or Timber may. have been imported and secured before the passing of this Act.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Importer or Proprietor of any Deal Ends or Batten Ends which shall have been entered and secured without Payment of Duty by virtue of any Act or Acts in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, and on which the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been paid, shall be desirous of taking any such Deal Ends or Batten Ends from any Place wherein the same shall have been secured, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, then and in such Case the said Deal Ends or Batten Ends shall not be subject to the Duty imposed by this Act, but the Duties imposed on such Deal Ends or Batten Ends by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act shall be and remain payable thereon, and no more; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, among. other Things for regulating the Duties on the Importation of

Goods

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 37.

63

dcring on the Provinces of Quebec or Canada, and imported from those Provinces intoO.B., liable to the same Duties as if imported directly from America:

f Goods and Commodities the Growth and Production of the the Produce of

Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, it is enacted, Countries bor

+that all Goods and Commodities whatsoever, being the Growth or Production of any of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, and brought by Land or Inland Navigation into the said Province, conformably to the Regulations established by Law in the said Province for bringing in the same by Land or Inland Navigation from any of the Countries bordering thereon, shall and may be imported into any part of Great Britain from the said Province of Quebec, and the same respectively shall be admitted to Entry, and be charged with Duty, or exempted from Duty, in like Manner as such Goods and Commodities respectively would be charged with or exempted from Duty if the same were of the Growth or Production of the said Province of Quebec, and were imported directly from thence

into Great Britain Be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several Sorts and Descriptions of Wood and Timber enumerated or described in the Table marked (A.) annexed to this Act, being of the Growth or Production of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, or on the Province of Upper or Lower Canada, and having been brought by Land or Inland Navigation into the said Provinces, and imported from the said Provinces into Great Britain at any time after the passing of this Act, shall be subject and liable to the like Duties as if such Wood and Timber had been imported into Great Britain directly from any of the United States of America; any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary.in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That any Sorts of Wood or Timber enumerated or described in the Table to this Act annexed, being of the Growth or Production of any of the Countries bordering on the Province of Quebec, or on the Provinces of Upper or Lower Canada, and which shall have been brought by Land or Inland Navigation into any Part of the said Province of Quebec, or of the said Provinces of Upper or Lower Canada, at any time before the Twenty fifth Day oi March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, conformably to the Regulations established by Law for bringing in the same, by Land or Inland Navigation, from any of the Countries bordering thereon, shall and may be imported into Great Britain from the said Province of Quebec, or from the Provinces of Upper or Lower Canada, and the same shall be admitted to Entry, and shall be charged with Duty, or exempted from Duty, in like Manner as such Wood or Timber would be charged with or exempted from Duty if the same were of the Growth or Production of the said Provinces of Quebec or Upper or Lower Canada, and were imported directly from thence into Great Britain: Provided nevertheless, that it shall appear by Certificate Certificate of under the Hands and Seals of the Collector and Comptroller of Customs and the Customs, and the Naval Officer at the Port of Exportation Naval officer< in the said Provinces, that such Wood or Timber was brought into the said Provinces at some time before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and conformably to the Regulations established by Law there, by

Lana

Such Wood or Timber brought into such Provinces before March 25.

1821, maybe imported under the same Conditions as if such Wood or Timber bad been the Production of those Provinces.

C. 37.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Before Mahogany of the Production of Jamaica is admitted to Entry, a Certificate from the Port of Importation, testifying its being of such Production, shall be produced.

Oath by Master of Conformity of Mahogany to Certificate.

A like Certificate to be produced before any Wood or Timber of the British Colonies in America admitted to Entry.

The like Odth by Master of Ship.

Land or Inland Navigation, from the Countries bordering therein, and specifying from what Places such Wood or Timber were so brought, and under and subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Conditions, in all Respects, as are directed or required by the said recited Act of the Thirtieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, before any Mahogany imported into Great Britain, as being of the Growth or Production of the Island of Jamaica, shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty imposed on such Mahogany by this Act, or the Table thereto annexed, the Master, or other Person having or taken the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Mahogany shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs, or the Naval Officer at the Port or Place where such Mahogany shall have been taken on board, testifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby required and authorized to administer such Oath and to grant such Certificate) , by the Shipper of such Mahogany, that such Mahogany was really and bona fide the Growth or Production of the Island of Jamaica; and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Mahogany shall be imported into Great Britain, shall make Oath, before the Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby required and authorized to administer the same) , that the Mahogany so imported is the same as mentioned and referred to in such Certificate; and on Failure of such Certificate being produced, such Mahogany shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Growth, and shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this Act, and the Table thereto annexed on Mahogany of Foreign Growth, and imported directly from Foreign Countries.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, before any Wood or Timber imported into Great Britain, as being of the Growth or Production of any British Colony or Plantation in America, shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty imposed on such Wood or Timber by this Act or the Table thereto annexed, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Wood or Timber shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs, or the Naval Officer at the Port or Place where such Wood or Timber shall have been taken on board, testifying that Oath had been made before him (who is hereby required and authorized to administer such Oath and to grant such Certificate) , by the Shipper of such Wood or Timber, that such Wood or Timber was really and bona fide the Growth or Production of some Place in the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and which Place shall be specified in such Oath and Certificate; and the Master, or other Person having or taking the Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Wood or Timber shall be imported into Great Britain,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87. 65

shall make Oath before the Collector or other Chief Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby required and authorized to administer the same) , that the Wood or Timber so imported is the same as mentioned and referred to in such Certificate; and on Failure of such Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforesaid being made, such Wood and Timber shall be deemed and taken to be of Foreign Growth, and shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this Act and the Table thereto annexed, on Wood or Timber of Foreign Growth and imported directly from Foreign Countries.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs granted and allowed by this Act shall and may be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed in such and the like manner as the Duties and Drawbacks on the several Sorts and Descriptions of Wood and Timber hereby repealed were or might have been managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered and allowed, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Wood and Timber were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs by this Act imposed and allowed as shall arise in England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the .Customs in Scotland for the time being.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Act (the necessary Charges of receiving and accounting for the same excepted) >4nall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties. hereby repealed were directed to be appropriated and applied by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the passing of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

Duties and Drawbacks, how Ieried and paid.

To be under the Management of the Customs.

Monies carried to Consolidated Fund.

How appropriated.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

1 & 2 Geo. IV. F

TABLE (A.)

L.

66

C. 37.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

TABLE (A.)

A Table of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain from Foreign Parts of Timber and certain Articles of Wood therein enumerated or described (not being of the Production or Manufacture of any Place 'within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported 'from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof); and of the Drawbacks to be allowed thereon; 'being in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks of Customs on the like Articles.

Balks, viz.

* " under 5 Inches square, and under -24 Feet in Length,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120  under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet in Length or upwards,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 ---- 5 Indies square or upwards are subject and liable to the

Duties payable on Fir Tiihber.

---- Balks of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies

or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

the 120 -

- - - under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet in Length or

upwards, the 120 -

- - - 5 Inches square or upwards are subject aRd liable

to the Duties payable on Fir Timber.

Battens, viz.

---- 6. Feet in Length, and not exceeding 16 Feet in Length,

not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2| Inches in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

---- exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 21

Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

---- exceeding 21 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in

Width, or if exceeding 2$ Inches in Thickness, r - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

-  Battens of the Growth and Production of the British .Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - 6 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 16 Feet in

Length, not above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2| Inches in Thickness, the 120

Duty.

. s. d.

18 2 7

19 0 8

27 0 0

28 7 0

3 5 0

4 17 6

10 0 0 10 10 0

11 10 0 12 1 6

20 0 0 21 0 0

1 0 0

i

Duty.

Battens  of the Growth of the British Colonies, Sec. continued.

- - - exceeding 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding

21 Feet in Length, and above 7 Inches in Width, and not exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

- - - exceeding 21 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches

in Width, or if exceeding 2} Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

Batten Ends, viz.

---- under 6 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in

Width, and not exceeding 2} Inches in Thickness, ---- imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120-

----  under 6 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches in Width,

and exceeding 2f Inches in Thickness,

- - - imported m a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 ---- Batten Ends of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - under 6 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches

in Width, and not exceeding 2 Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

- - - under 6 Feet in Length, not above 7 Inches

in Width, and exceeding 2{ Inches in Thickness, the 120

Boards, viz.

---- Outside Slabs or Paling Boards, hewed on one Side, not

exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not above 1 Inch in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

---- Outside Slabs or P&ling Boards, hewed on one Side, exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12 Feet in Length, and not above 1& Inch in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

---- Outside Slabs or Paling Boards, hewed on one Side, exceeding 12 Feet in Length, or exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Deals.

---- Outside Slabs or Paling Boards, hewed on one Side, 'of

the Growth and Production of the British- Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - not exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not above 1J

Inch in Thickness, the 120

- - - exceeding 7 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 12

Feet in Length, and not above 1 Inch in Thickness, the 120 -

I F 2

. i. d.

13 0 2 0 0

3 0 0 3 3 0

6 0 0 6 6 0

0 7 6

0 15 0

2 0 0 2 2 0

4 0 0 4 4 0

0 5 0

0 10 O

Boards  Outside Slabs or Paling Boards, continued.

- - - exceeding 12 Feet in Length, or exceeding 1 Inch

in Thiclcness, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Deals.

Cedar Wood, the Ton containing 20 cwt. -

Deals, viz.

---- above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length and

not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

A Drawback is allowed on Deals above 7 Inches in Width, being 8 Feet in Length and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness, which shall have been used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper, in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, viz.

- - - having been imported in a British i. d.

built Ship, the 120 - - 4 1 3

- - - having been imported in a Ship not

British built, the 120 - - 4 3 6

For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback shall be paid or allowed on such Deals so used and employed, See 51 Geo. 3. c. 34. above 7 Inches in Width, being 6 Feet in Length and not above 16 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 3 Inches in Thickness (except Deals being 8 Feet in Length and not above 10 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 1$ Inch in Thickness),

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 ---- above 7 Inches in Width, above 16 Feet in Length and

not above 21 Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 ---- above 7 Inches in Width, being 6 Feet in Length and not

above 21 Feet in Length, and exceeding 3^ Inches in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 ---- above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 21 Feet in Length,

and not exceeding Inches in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British Duilt, the 120 ---- above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 21 Feet in Length,

and exceeding 4Tnches in Thickness (not being Timber 8 Inches square or upwards),

- - - imported in a British built Ship, tlje 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

Duty.

C. s. d.

3 16 0

8 2 6 8 7 0

19 0 0 19 19 0

22 0 0 23 2 0

38 0 0

39 18 0

44 0 0 46 4 0

88 0 0 92 8 0

Deals, continued.

---- Deals of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - above 7 Inches in Width, being 6 Feet in Length

and not above 16 Feet in Lengthy and not exceeding Si Inches in Thickness, the 120

- - - above 7 Inches in Width, above 16 Feet in Length

and not above 21 Feet in Length, and not exceeding 31 Inches in Thickness, the 120

- - - above 7 Inches in Width, being 6 Feet in Length,

and not above 21 Feet in Length, and exceeding Si Inches in Thickness, the 120

- - - above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 21 Feet in

Length, and not exceeding 4* Inches in Thickness, the-120 -

-  above 7 Inches in Width, exceeding 21 Feet in

Length, and exceeding Inches in Thickness (not being Timber 8 Inches square or upwards) , the 120 .....

Deal Eads, viz.

. above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet in

Length, and not exceeding 31 Inches in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 -

 above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet in

Length, and exceeding 31 inches in Thickness,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built Ship, the

120 .....

 Deal Ends of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet

in Length, and not exceeding Si Inches in Thickness, the 120 -

- - - above 7 Inches in Width, being under 6 Feet

in Length, and exceeding 31 Inches in Thickness, the 120

Fir Quarters, viz.

 ---- under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

  under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet in Length, or

upwards,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

 ..... 5 Inches square or upwards are subject and liable to

the Duties payable on Fir Timber.

Duty.

 s. d.

2 0 0 2 10 0

4 0 0

5 0 0

10 0 0

5 0 0 5 5 0

10 0 0 10 10 0

0 15 0

1 10 0

18 2 7

19 0 8

27 0 0 28 7 0

Fir Quarters, continued.

---- Fir Quarters of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in

Length, the 120 -

- - - under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet ini Length

or upwards, the 120 -5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber.

Handspikes, viz.

   - under 7 Feet in Length,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 -7 Feet in Length or upwards,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

*  Handspikes of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - under 7 Feet m Length, the 120 -

... 7 Feet in Length or upwards, the 120

Knees of Oak, viz.

m under 5 Inches square,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the

120

*   5 Inches square and under 8 Inches square,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - imported in a Ship not British built, the

120

 ---- 8 Inches square or upwards,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the Load

containing 50 Cubic Feet

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the Load

containing 50 Cubic Feet

----  Knees of Oak of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - under 5 Inches square, the 120

- - - 5 Indies square and under 8 Inches square, the 120

- - - 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet

Lathwood, viz.

i  in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

- - - imported in a British built Ship

- - - imported in a Ship not British built -

15

A.D. 1821.

Duty.

 i. d.

3 5 0

4 17 6

2 0 0 2 2 0

4 0 0 4 4 0

0 2 6

0 5 0

0 10 0 0 10 6 4 0 0 4 4 0

1 6* *0 1 7 4

0 2 0 0 15 0 0 5 0

4 5 0 4 9 3

L&thwood, continued.

-  in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, the Fathom

6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high,

- - - imported in a British built Ship

- - imported in a Ship not British built -

---   Lathwood of the Growtn and Production of the British

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - in Pieces under 5 Feet in Length, the Fathom

6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

- - - in Pieces 5 Feet in Length or upwards, the

Fathom 6 Feet wide and 6 Feet high

Mahogany, viz.

of the Growth of Bermuda, or of any of the Bahama

Islands, and imported directly from thence respectively, and Mahogany imported directly from the Bay of Honduras in British built Ships cleared out from the Port of Belise, the Ton containing 20 Cwt.

- - of the -Growth of the Islands of Saint Domingo or Cuba, or of the Island of Jamaica, and imported directly from thence respectively, the Ton containing 20 Cwt.

 Mahogany imported not directly from Bermuda, or from any of the Bahama Islands, or imported not directly from the Bay of Honduras, or Mahogany of the Growth of and imported not directly from the Islands of Saint Domingo, Cuba or Jamaica respectively; or any Mahogany being of the Growth of any other Country or Place, the Ton containing 20 Cwt.

Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits, viz.

 6 Inches in Diameter, and under 8 Inches,

... imported in a British built Ship, each

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, each

  8 Inches in Diameter, and under 12 Inches,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, each

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, each

  12 inches in Diameter or upwards,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet ...

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet ...

 - Masts, Yards, or Bowsprits of the Growth and Pro-

duction of the British Colonies or Plantations in

America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - 6 Inches in Diameter and under 8 Inches* each -

- - - 8 Inches in Diameter and under 12 Inches, each -

- - - 12 Inches in Diameter or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -

Duty. s. d.

6 5 0 6 11 3

0 15 0

1 5 0

3 16 0

5 0 0

11 IT 6

0 8 0 0 8 6

1 2 0

1 3 2

2 15 0 2 17 *9

0 1 6 0 4 0

0 10 0

Duty.

Oak Plank, viz.

   2 Inches in Thickness or upwards,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the Load

containing 50 Cubic Feet -   Oak Plank of the Growth and Production of the

British Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - 2 Inches in Thickness or upwards, the Load

containing 50 Cubic Feet - .

Oak Timber. See Timber.

Spars, viz.

under 22 Feet in Length, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

- - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under Inches in

Diameter, exclusive of the Bark,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

- - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

---- - 4 Inches in Diameter and under 6 Inches in Diameter,

exclusive of the Bark,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

 - Spars of the Growth and Production of the British Colo-

nies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - under 22 Feet in length, and under Inches in

Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 - - 22 Feet in Length or upwards, and under Inches in Diameter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 - .

r p - 4 Inches in Diameter, and under 6 Inches in Dia* meter, exclusive of the Bark, the 120 -

Staves, viz.

 - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches

in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- - - imported in a British built Snip, the 120

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50 Inches

in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

----  above 50 Inches in Length and not exceeding 60 Inches

in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

r - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

If S. dm

4 0 0 4 4 0

0 15 0

2 8 0 2 10 6

4 5 0 4 9 3

9 0 0 9 9 0

0 9 0

0 16 0 1 15 0

1 3 0 14 2

2 6 0 2 8 4

3 0 0 3 3 0

Duty.

Staves, continued.

---- above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72 Inches

in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

---- above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth,

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 -

- - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120

   above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and not exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and be charged with Duty accordingly.

---- above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth,

and exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, hnd be charged with Duty accordingly.

---- Staves being the Growth and Production of any of the

United States of America, or of the Growth and Production of East or West Florida, and imported directly from thence respectively, not exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness, shall be charged with One Third Part only of the Dutfes hereinbefore imposed on Staves.

- Staves the Produce of and imported directly from the

Ionian Islands, shall be charged at the same Rate of Duty as Staves of the Growth and Production of the United States of America when imported directly from thence.

- Staves of the Growth and Production of the British Colo-

nies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz.

- - - not exceeding 36 Inches in Length, not above 3&

Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120 ...

- - - above 36 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 50

Inches in Length, not above SJ Inches inThick-ness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120

- - - above 50 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 60

Inches in Length, not above 3 Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120

- - - above 60 Inches in Length, and not exceeding 72

Inches in Length, not above 3 J Inches in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120 -

- - - above 72 Inches in Length, not above 3^ Inches

in Thickness, and not exceeding 7 Inches in Breadth, the 120 -

- - - not exceeding 1 Inch in Thickness, shall be

charged with One Third Part of the Duty herein proposed on such Staves.

. s. d.

4 4 0 4 8 3

4 16 0

5 0 10

0 2 0

0 4 0

0 6 0

0 8 0 0 10 0

Duty.

Staves  of the Growth, &c. of the British Colonies, &c. continued. ... above S Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in . . d.

Breadth, and not exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Clap Boards, and be charged with Duty accordingly. - - above 3 Inches in Thickness, or above 7 Inches in Breadth, and exceeding 63 Inches in Length, shall be deemed Pipe Boards, and be charged with Duty accordingly. Timber, viz. - imported in a British built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet ... - imported in a Ship not British built, the Load 2 IS 0

containing 50 Cubic Feet .-A Drawback is allowed on Fir Timber, being 8 Inches square, and not exceeding 10 Inches square, of the Growth of Norway, and imported directly from thence, which shall have been used and employed in any of the Mines of Tin, Lead or Copper, in the Counties of Devon or Cornwall, viz. - having been imported in a British s. d. built Ship, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - 2 5 3 - having been imported in a Ship not British built, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - - 2 8 3 For the Conditions and Regulations under which the Drawback shall be paid or allowed on such Timber so used and employed, See 51 Geo. 3. c. 43. 51 Geo. 3. c. 93.  Fir Timber of the Growth and Production of the British 2 17 9

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet ... Oak Timber, 8 Inches square or upwards, - imported in a British built Ship, the Load contain- 0 10 0

ing 50 Cubic Feet ..... - . - imported in a Ship not British built, the Load con- 2 15 0

taining 50 Cubic Feet ...   Oak Timber, of the Growth and Production of the British 2 17 9

Colonies or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet -  Timber of all Sorts, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, being 8 Inches square or upwards, - imported in a British built Ship, the Load contain- 0 10 0

ing 50 Cubic feet ... - imported in a Ship not British built, the Load con- 1 8 0

taining 50 Cubic Feet ... 1 9 5

1& 23 GEO. IV. C. 37.

75

Duty.

Timber, continued. described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, being of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or . s. d.

Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, being 8 Inches square or upwards, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - For the Suspension of the Duty on Timber, being the Produce of and imported directly from the Island of Newfoundland, until the 5th Day of July 1824, See the Act to which this Table is annexed. Ufers, viz. 0 5 0

 *- under 5 Inches square, hnd under 24 Feet in Length, - imported in a British built ship, the 120 - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet in Length or upwards, 18 2 7 19 0 8

- - - imported in a British built Ship, the 120 - - imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable* to the Duties payable on Fir Timber.  Ufers of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies 27 0 0 28 7 0

or Plantations in America, and imported directly from thence, viz. - - under 5 Inches square, and under 24 Feet in Length, the 120 3 5 0

- - - under 5 Inches square, and 24 Feet in Length or upwards, the 120 - - 5 Inches square or upwards, are subject and liable to the Duties payable on Fir Timber. Wainscot Logs, viz. - imported in a British built Ship, the Load 4 17 6

containing 50* Cubic Feet - imported in a Ship not British built, the 3 15 0

Load containing 50 Cubic Feet - the British Colonies or Plantations in America, 3 18 9

and imported directly from thence, the Load containing 50 Cubic Feet Wood unmanufactured, of the Growth and Production of the British Colonies or Plantations in Ame- 0 12 0

rica, not particularly enumerated or described, nor otherwise charged with Duty, for every jl00 of the Value Wood unmanufactured, not particularly enumerated or described, and on which the Duties due on the Importation are payable according to the Value thereof, being of the Growth and Production of the British Limits within 5 0 0

the Province of Yucatan in the Bay of Honduras, and imported directly from the said Bay, for every 100 of the Value - | 5 0 0

C. 38.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 182 *

48G.S. c. 151.

50 G. 3. c. 112.

53 G. 3. c. 64.

55 G. 3. c. 70.

Power to remit, with Instructions on Bills of Advocation and Suspension (Exception).

Procedure on Bills of Advocation on final Decreets of removing. Regulations in certain Cases of Equality of Voices.

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for establishing Regulations respecting certain Parts of the Proceedings in the Court of Session, and in the Court of Commissioners for Teinds, and respecting the Duties, Qualifications and Emoluments of certain Clerks and other Officers of the said Courts.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords; and an Act 1 was passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act for abridging the Form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain ' Parts of the Proceedings of that Court; and an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled ' An Act for the better Regulation of the Court of Session in Scotland; and an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of His said

late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for better regulating the Formation and Arrangement of the Judicial and other Records 6 of the Court of Session in Scotland: And Whereas by a Warrant under the Sign Manual of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and Behalf of His Majesty, dated the

Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen,

Commissioners were appointed for inquiring into the Duties,

Salaries and Emoluments of the several Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice of the Courts in Scotland, and for reporting

what Regulations might be fit to be established respecting the same; which Commissioners have accordingly made certain Re-

ports, and the same have been laid before Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should, in certain Particulars, be amended, and that certain Regulations should be established, which cannot be effected without the Authority of

Parliament:' Be it therefore enacted, by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That upon Bills of Advocation and Suspension, complaining of final Judgments of Sheriffs and other interior Judges, it shall hereafter be competent either for the Lord Ordinary on the Bills, or for the Court, to remit the Cause to the inferior Judge, with Instructions how to proceed; but no such Remit shall be made, except in the Case of a Suspension of a Decreet in Absence, without hearing Counsel, or receiving a written Answer on the Part of the Respondent.

II. And be it enacted, That the Procedure on Bills of Advocation, complaining of final Decreets of removing, shall hereafter be the same as is now established for Bills of Suspensions of such Decreets.

III. And be it enacted, That in all Cases in which, upon Report of the Lord Ordinary on the Bills to the Lords of either Division, there shall be a Difference of Opinion, and an Equality of Voices, such Lord Ordinary on the Bills shall vote in the Case; and in all other Cases when, in consequence of such Difference of Opinion

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 38.

77

and Equality of Voices, the Cause or Matter shall be appointed to remain for subsequent Discussion, if the Question shall have previously depended before any Lord Ordinary of the same Division, being at the Time of such Discussion One of the permanent Ordinaries, such Lord Ordinary shall, without Regard to any Rotation, be called in to be present at the Discussion, and to vote in the Case.

IV. And be it enacted, That in case of the Death, Sickness, Provision in necessary Absence, or legal Declinature of the Lord Ordinary on case of Death, the Bills during the Period of the Session, but at a time when the Sickness, &c. Court is not actually sitting, any one of the permanent Ordinaries, f

n a due Statement by any of the Clerks of the Bills of such Fact, BUlsduring6 and of some Urgency in the Case, shall and may pronounce on any Session, but Bill which may in such Case be laid before him, such Interlocutor when the Court as Circumstances may require, without Prejudice, quoad ultra, to not sitting, the Provisions of the aforesaid Act, passed in the Fifty third Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and also without Prejudice to the Power of either Division, upon legal Declinature of the Lord Ordinary on the Bills when represented to them in any Case, to remit the same to another Ordinary in his Stead.

V. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent and lawful for Court may rathe Court in either Division, in all Cases when great Avisandum is mit Processes made with a Process of Reduction, instead of granting Warrant to of Reduction to enrol the same in the next Regulation Roll, to remit to the Fifth

or Junior Lord Ordinary for the Time, to hear Parties thereon, and ordinary for to discuss the Reasons of Reduction and other Conclusions of the the Time. Libel, without Prejudice to the Power of the Court, on the Ground of Contingency, or any other sufficient Cause, to make such Remit to any of the permanent Lords Ordinary; and the Court is authorized and required to regulate by Act of Sederunt the Time and Manner of enrolling such Processes of Reduction so to be remitted to the Fifth or Junior Lord Ordinary, and of calling the same before the Lord Ordinary in pursuance of such Remit.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Principal Act (with the Exception hereinafter specified) , no Person shall Clerks of be capable to be appointed a-Principal Clerk of the Bills, except Sessin done

a Principal Clerk of Session; and every Person to be hereafter ap- g^of^incipal pointed to the said Office shall personally discharge the Duties clerks of the thereof, in manner provided by the said Act, passed in the Fiftieth Bills.

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and shall, in respect of such Appointment, be entitled to the Salary hereinafter provided, Salary but no but to no Fees or other Emoluments whatsoever: Provided always, Fee* that the Two Principal Clerks of Session, who shall be appointed Principal Clerks of the Bills, pursuant to this Act, shall not belong to the same Division of the Court at the sameTime, but one shall be appointed from each Division.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein pro- Clerks of

vided shall be so construed as to compel any of the present Princi- SeRsion now in pal Clerks of Session to accept the said Office of Principal Clerk com *

of the Bills; but every Person to be hereafter appointed a Principal ^tDf Office of Clerk of Session shall, in case of his being subsequently appointed Principal Clerk to be one of the Principal Clerks of the Bills, be bound to accept of the Bills, the said Office and perform the Duties thereof; and in case, at the

Time of any Vacancy arising in the Office of Principal Clerk of the Bills, there shall be no Principal Clerk of Session willing or

bound

A.D. 1821.

C. 38.

1* & 2* 6eo. IV.

Vacancy how supplied.

Only Two Depute Clerks of the Bills.

Salaries.

bound to accept the same in Terms of this Act, it shall be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in such Case, to appoint a fit and proper Person, legally qualified, to be appointed a Principal Clerk of Session to fill the said Vacancy.

VIII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Time when, in Terms of the Regulations contained in the said Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, ' there shall be only Two Depute Clerks of the Bills, each of whom would be entitled, by virtue of the said Act, to draw One Sixth Part of the total Fees payable to the Clerks of the Bills, the several Clerks of the Bills shall be entitled thenceforth to receive, from the Collector of the Fee Fund, the annual Salaries under mentioned, payable Quarterly, viz. for every Principal Clerk of the Bills, not being also a Principal Clerk of Session, Six hundred Pounds; for every Principal Clerk of the Bills, being also a Principal Clerk of Session, Three hundred Pounds; and for each of the Depute Clerks of the Bills, Four hundred and fifty Pounds; and the said Clerks shall be thereafter entitled to no Fee or other Emolument whatsoever, but the whole Fees now legally exigible by the said Clerks shall thenceforth be paid over on the First Monday of every Month to the Collector of the Fee Fund, conformably to an Account thereof to be delivered to him, signed by one or other of the said Depute Clerks, and to the Verity of which the said Depute Clerk shall make Oath, if required.

Qualification of ix. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this of Tcinds no ^>er8on be capable to be appointed Principal Clerk cm s. 0p tjje Commissioners for Teinds, except a Person legally qualified to be appointed a Principal Clerk of Session; and no Principal or

w m _____ Depute Clerk of the Bdls, to be hereafter appointed, shall after

practisingas an his Appointment practise as an Advocate or Agent before the Advocate, &c. Court of Session, under Phin of Deprivation of Office; nor shall Deprivation. any Person henceforth to be appointed Clerk to the Commission of

Teinds practise as an Advocate or Agent before the Commission of Teinds, under Pain of the like Penalty.

X. And Whereas the Provisions heretofore made for the more regularly conducting the Business before the Teind Court, and bringing the Processes of Augmentation and Locality which come before it to a Conclusion, have been found insufficient in Practice,

and other Provisions and Regulations are required:' Be it enacted. Provision for That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session, as Com* better conduct- missioners for Plantation of Kirks and Valuation of Teinds, to pass ing Business of any Act or Acts of Sederunt from time to time regulating the Form Court*1"*1 and Manner of Proceedings in all Processes of Augmentation and

our Locality that may come before them, in such Manner as they may

see proper and expedient for the Dispatch of Business, and for bringing such Processes to a final Conclusion: Provided always, that Copies of all such Acts of Sederunt shall be transmitted by of the Court of Session to His Majesty's Secretary

fatTfor Home State for the Home Department, to be by him laid before both Houses of Parliament, at or immediately after the Commencement of the ensuing Session; and no such Act or Acts of Sederunt shall become in force or receive effect, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the First Day of the Meeting of such Session of Parliament.

No Fee.

Fees paid over upon OaUi.

Principal or Depute Clerk of the Bills

Copies of Acts of Sederunt transmitted to

Department.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 38.

79

XI. And Whereas it is expedient to abolish the Practice of directing Brieves to the Macers of the Court of Session in certain

Services; Be it enacted, That in all Cases in which it is now Direction of lawful and competent to grant Commission by Authority of the Brieves to the Court of Session, to the said Macers for proceeding in any Ser- B?acers

vice, and in which the . Brief issued from Chancery is thereupon Tlces prohibited, directed to the Macers, such Commission shall, from and after the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, be granted, and Other Proceed, such Brief issuea, according to similar Forms, to the Sheriff mgs by issuing Depute of Edinburgh or his Substitute, as Sheriff in that Part to Sheritt* specially constituted, whether such. Service may relate to Lands 5lP"/e (& and Heritages situated in or beyond the Sheriffdom of Edinburgh ln urg ' C' or in several Sheriffdoms; and in all Cases of Competition of Brieves, as well as where a Party claiming Right to appear and oppose a Service, shall make such Appearance, either Party may apply for and obtain Advocation of the Brieves to the Court of Session, not only from any inferior Judge, but also from the said Sheriff of Edinburgh, acting under special Commission; and the Lord Ordinary, before whom the Letters of Advocation shall be called, shall advocate the Brief, and remit to the Fifth or Junior permanent Lord Ordinary for the Time, to be Judge in the said Service, without Prejudice, nevertheless, to the Power of the Court, whether on Declinature or any other Cause shown, to remit to any other Ordinary to be Judge in any Service; and every such Service, whether before the Lord Ordinary on Advocation, or before the Sheriff of Edinburgh on Special Commission, shall proceed in the same Place, Form and Manner (unless in so far as the same may hereafter be otherwise regulated in manner hereinafter authorized) as services have heretofore preceded before the Macers, except that the said Sheriff shall not be required to take Sheriff nt re-any Oath de jldeli Administratione, as in the Case of the Macers; quirvd to take and that the Practice of applying to the Court of Assessors shall *h, e 9^5

be and is hereby abolished; and the Court of Session is hereby

, , J \ . _, _, tratione, as in,

empowered, by any Act or Acts of Sederunt, to make such Rules tin? Case of

and Regulations as may be deemed expedient for altering and Macers. amending the Form and Manner of issuing of Brieves and executing the same, and of conducting the Procedure in such Services; and Tor every such Service, deduced before the said Sheriff oa Commission, he shall be entitled to a Fee of Five Guineas on every Service in Lands whereof the valued Rent is upwards of Two thousand Pounds Scots, and in every Service of a Peer, and of Two Guineas in every other Service.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to any jPer- Clerks t su*b son to be Clerk to any such Service before the Lord Ordinary on Service* to be Advocation, or before the Sheriff of Edinburgh on Commission, t01, 10

unless he be a Writer to the Signet; and the Clerk to every Service Ignet* whatsoever of a Retourable Brieve shall, along with the Verdict, deliver or cause to be delivered into Chancery, to be preserved, subject to the Orders of the Lord Clerk Register, the original Claim of Service, Minutes of the Proceedings, and Depositions of the Witnesses; and no Retour of any Service shall be issued without such previous Delivery.

XIII. And Whereas Expences are occasionally incurred under the Authority of the Court, in making up Reports for the Information

C. 38.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Provision for Contingent Expences incurred under Authority of the Court.

Keepers of the Inner House Rolls, and Clerks of the Judges, to receive Salaries instead of their present Fees.

Fees now exigible to be received and paid Monthly to Collector of the Fee Fund. Court may direct any other Mode of Collection.

Annual Allowance to Keepers of Inner House Rolls, and Clerks of Lord President and Lord Justice Clerk.

Duties of Keeper of the

formation and by Order of the Houses of Parliament, as fcell as in other Matters connected with the Administration of Justice,

for the Payment of which no fund has been hitherto provided Be it enacted, That the Net Amount of all such Charges shall, from time to time, be paid on the Order of the Barons of Exchequer, on an Account of the same being presented to them, certified under the Signature of the Lord President of the College of Justice, out of the Monies charged by certain Acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed, or to be allowed, for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary, and Exchequer.

XIV. And Whereas it is expedient that fixed Salaries should be paid to the Keepers of the Inner House Rolls, and the Clerks of

the Judges, instead of the Fees now exigible by them; and also

1 that certain Allowances should be granted for providing Liferent ' Annuities to them, payable on the Death or Resignation of the Judges to whom they are respectively attached; Be it enacted, That from and after the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, there shall be payable by the Collector of the Fee Fund to the Keepers of the Inner House Rolls, who are also Clerks to the Lord President and Lord Justice Clerk respectively, a Salary of Five hundred Pounds Sterling each per Annum, and to the Clerks of the Thirteen Ordinary Judges a Salary of Three hundred Pounds Sterling each per Annum, payable quarterly; and none of the said Keepers or Clerks shall thenceforth be entitled to any Fee or other Emolument whatsoever; but the whole Fees now legally exigible by them shall be received by them respectively, and paid over on the First Monday of every Month to the Collector of the Fee Fund, conformably to signed Accounts to be delivered to him, and to the Verity of which they shall make Oath, if required by the Accountant of the Fee Fund: Provided always, that it shall be lawful to the Court, by any Act or Acts of Sederunt (which they are hereby empowered to make for that Purpose) , to authorize and direct any other Mode of Collection of the said Fees, or of any Part thereof, which may be deemed more expedient, so as the whole of such Fees may, in the most easy and convenient Manner, be paid over to the Collector of the said Fund. '

XV. And be it enacted, That from and after the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, an annual Allowance of One hundred Pounds Sterling for each of the Keepers of the Inner House Rolls, being as aforesaid also Clerks of the Lord President and Lord Justice Clerk respectively; and a like Allowance of Fifty Pounds Sterling for each of the Clerks of the Thirteen Ordinary Judges, shall be paid by the said Collector to such Person or Persons as shall be named and appointed to receive the same by the said Court, by their Act or Acts of Sederunt from time to time; which Allowances, when so received, shall, under the Authority of the Court, be invested, for forming a Fund for the Purpose of providing eventual Liferent Annuities as aforesaid, and thereafter applied for the said Purpose, all in such manner as shall be directed and enjoined by the said Act or Acts of Sederunt, which the said Court is hereby authorized and required to make to that Effect.

XVI. And be it enacted, That after the Death or Resignation of the present Keeper of the Outer House Rolls, the Duties of

A.D. 1821.

1*&'2 GEO. IV. C. 38.

81

Outer House Roll* to be performed by Clerks of the Eight Judges, not being permanent Ordi-

Extract* prepared by Extractor* appointed as hereinafter directed.

that Office shall be performed by the Clerks of the Eight Judges who are not permanent Ordinaries, according to a weekly Rotation to be established among them by the Direction or with the Approbation of the Court; and the Fees now legally exigible by the said Keeper shall thereafter be received by them each in his Turn, and paid over weekly to the Collector of the Fee Fund, to whom a printed Copy of the Rolls of the Week shall, at the same Time, be delivered for the Satisfaction of the Accountant; and the said Collector shall, from time to time, thereafter defray the necessary Expence of Paper and Printing for the said Rolfs, according to Accounts thereof, to be duly certified by any Two or more of the said Clerks.

XVII. And be it enacted, That so much of the said Act passed 50G. 3. c. 112.

in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign as provides $13* l<>.

that the Six Assistants of the Principal Clerks of Session shall rePet*e<k prepare the abridged Forms of Extracts therein directed to be observed, and as provides Salaries to such Six Assistants in respect of the Preparation thereof, shall, from and after the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, be repealed; and all Extracts whatsoever which are now in pursuance of the said recited Act prepared by the said Assistants shall thenceforth be prepared by one or other of Four Extractors, to be appointed in manner hereinafter directed, and their Successors in Office, and shall be authenticated by the Signature of the Extractors by whom the same shall have been prepared respectively, in the same Manner and to the same Effect as such Extracts are now authenticated by the Signature of a Principal Clerk of Session; and the Forms of Extracts enjoined by the said Act to be used shall be so far altered.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the Duplicates of all Decreets for the Record, and also all Abbreviates of Decreets of Adjudication, which have been heretofore signed in compliance with the Act of Regulations, in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety five, by the Lords Ordinary pronouncing Decree, as well as those Abbreviates of Decreets of Adjudication which have been heretofore signed, in compliance with an Act of Sederunt in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, by the Principal Clerks of Session, shall, from and after the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, be authenticated by the Signature of the Extractors respectively by whom the Decreets shall be prepared and signed.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Nomination of each Extractor Extractors to be

shall be made by the said Principal Clerks jointly, the senior Clerk appointed by the having, in case of Equality, a casting Voice; and every such c, e.r8

Nomination shall be made without receiving therefor any Price,

Gratuity or valuable Consideration of any Kind, and shall be forthwith reported to the Court; and the said Extractors shall hold their Offices during the Pleasure of the said Principal Clerks, or the major Part of them, the senior Clerk having, as above directed, a casting voice in case of Equality; and the said Extractors shall give obedience to such Regulations may be made by the Principal Clerks of Session from time to time, for establishing and preserving Order and Regularity in the Performance of their Duties, and for the faithful Performance of which Duties

1 & 2 Geo. IV G by Gffegk

Duplicates of Decreets for the Record, and Abbreviates of Adjudications

to be signed by the Extractors.

C. 88.

1 & .2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Principal Clerk* responsible tot Duty;

and to present Report to Lord Clerk Register or Deputy.

Salaries to Extractors.

No Fees (Exception).

50 G. 3. c. 112. 553.

Compensation to Preparers of Extracts.

55 G. 3. c. 70.

2.

Act of Sederunt to be made with regard to unextracted Processes.

the Principal Clerks of Session shall be responsible; and the said Principal Clerks shall be bound as heretofore to maintain and exercise a constant and regular Superintendence, Control, and Direction regarding the official Conduct of the Extractors, and all other subordinate Officers in their Department, and for that Purpose at least one of them shall attend personally for such Time as shall be necessary, at least Three Days in every Week, in the Register Office; and the said Principal Clerks shall also prepare and deliver to the Lord Clerk Register or his Deputy, at the Commencement of every Winter and Summer Session, a Report setting forth such Matters as have occurred in the intermediate Period, relating to their Department, and appearing to be worthy of Notice, with a View to the Public Benefit.

XX. And be it enacted, That there shall be paid to each of the said Extractors, by the Collector of the Fee Fund, a Salary of Two hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum, and they shall not be entitled to any Fee or other Emolument whatever, except the ordinary Charge for copying, paid for copying at the time in the Court of Session.

XXI. And Whereas by the aforesaid Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, specific Compensations were provided for Seventeen Extractors whose Offices were

abolished, including in that Number the Six Assistants of the

Principal Clerks of Session, being also Extractors, but a Deduction of Two hundred Pounds per Annum was made from the Amount of the Compensations ascertained to be due to each of the said Assistants, which Deduction was made in Consideration of their Appointment to be Preparers of Extracts, with a Salary to each of Two hundred Pounds: And Whereas it is just and equitable that when the said Salaries are withdrawn, the corresponding Deduction from the Compensation should cease to

operate Be it therefore enacted, That an Annuity of Two hundred Pounds Sterling shall, from and after the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, be paid to each of the Six Persons now filling the joint Offices of Clerks Assistant and Preparer of Extracts, upon the Order of the Barons of Exchequer, in the same Manner and at the same Times with the specific Compensations allowed by the said Act.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the Keeper of the Judicial Records of the Court of Session, and the Six Assistants of the Principal Clerks of Session for the Time, shall, in virtue of their respective Appointments, be Members of the College of Justice.

XXIII. And Whereas by the said Acts passed in the Fiftieth and Fifty fifth Years of His said late Majesty's Reign, certain Regulations were made with regard to unextracted Processes, 4 which have not been found effectual; and it is expedient that the Court of Session should be empowered to make a new Regulation as to that Matter, and also to provide for and facilitate an Arrangement of extracted Decreets, according to the Dates of the las lInterlocutors in the Processes Be it enacted, That the said Couu shah be empowered by Act or Acts of Sederunt, from time to time, to make such Regulations with Regard to the Disposal and Arrangement of Processes remaining unextracted, whether final Decree may or may not have been pronounced therein,

1*&2* GEO. IV.

CL 38 *

as shall be deemed fit and expedient; and to order and direct, if they shall see fit, that all extractable Processes shall be extracted in such Form and Manner as may seem expedient, and to make Provision for Payment out of the Fee Fund of the Charge, at the ordinary Rate for copying, for making the Record Copies of such Decreets as the Parties may not require to be extracted; and to make Regulations with regard to the Manner and the Person by whom Extracts of Decreets shall be authenticated after the Transmission of Processes to the Keeper of the Records, and also with regard to the Manner and the Person by whom Extracts shall be authenticated, of all registered Deeds and Probative Writings, Charters, Precepts and Instruments whatsoever, issued after the Transmission thereof to the General Register House; all which Orders and Regulations shall be valid and effectual; any thing in the said Two Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding; Provided always, that Copies of all such Acts of Sederunt shall be transmitted by the President of the Court of Session to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, to be by him laid before both Houses of Parliament, at or immediately after the Commencement of the ensuing Session, and no such Act or Acts of Sederunt shall become in force or receive effect until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the First Day of the Meeting of such Session of Parliament.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Copies of printed Papers and Interlocutors and Minutes of the Court, appointed by the said Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, to be received in Evidence when an Appeal is taken to the House of Lords, and the authenticated Copies of Proceedings in any Cause which the Assistants of the Principal Clerks of Session are by the said Act required to furnish, shall and may be certified by the Signature either of one of the said Clerks, or of one of the said Assistants, for whom the Principal Clerk shall be responsible.

XXV. And be it enacted, That the Fee payable to the said Assistants, for comparing the said Copies of printed Papers shall be Four Pence for each printed Page, and no more: Provided always, that the said Fee shall in no one Case, of whatever Length the said Copies may be, exceed Ten Pounds in the whole: And provided also, that the said Fee is exclusive of the ordinary Charge of copying Interlocutors and Minutes, according to the Rate for copying paid at the Time in the Court of Session; and the Fee payable to the said Assistants, for preparing Bonds granted by the Purchasers of Estates judicially sold for the Prices thereof, shall be One Half of the Fee which would be payable to a professional Agent for similar Bomls on occasion of a voluntary Sale, and no more.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Principal and Assistant Keepers of the Register of Deeds, Probative Writings and Instruments of Protest, recorded in the Books of Council and Session, shall be under the immediate Control and Direction of the Lord Clerk Register and his Deputy for the Time, in the Performance of the Duties of their Offices; and whenever a Vacancy shall arise in any of the said Offices, the same shall be supplied by the Nomination of the Lord_plerk

(j 2 Ii^gt43)B(

8S

Copies of such Acts transmitted to Secretary of State for Home Department.

50G. 3. c.lie.

11.

Certified Copies for Appeals, &c. may be signed by the Clerks ot Assistants.

Fee for comparing certified Copies for Appeals.

Principal and Assistant Keepers of Register of Deeds, &c. appointed by Lord Clerk Register,

84

C.S8.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Office Copies of Deeds, &c. to be signed by One Keeper.

Indexes of certain Registers to be formed as directed by Acts of Sederunt

Copies of such Acts transmitted to Secretary of State for the Home Department.

Fees of Macers regulated, and Salaries provided for them.

Other Fees to form Funds as herein mentioned.

Register, and every such Nomination shall be forthwith reported to the Court; and the Extracts or Office Copies of all such Deeds, Probative Writings, and Instruments of Protest, before the Transmission thereof to the General Register House, shall be authenticated by the Subscription of one or other of the said Keepers, in the same Manner and to the same Effect as such Extracts have heretofore been authenticated by the Signature of a Principal Clerk of Session.

XXVII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Keepers of the several Registers of Records of Seisins, Reversions, Abbreviates of Adjudications, Inhibitions, and Deeds, and Probative Writs

recorded in the Books of Council and Session, should form

Alphabetical Indexes of the Persons and Matters to which

those Records relate, for the Purposes of easy Reference to the ' same respectively Be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session, by any Act or Acts of Sederunt, from time to time, to regulate the Form and Manner in which such Indexes shall be formed and rendered accessible to the Public, and to provide such Remuneration for the Persons who shall be employed to form the same, as may be just and suitable, by the Imposition of a Fee on the Registry of the Writings to which the said Indexes shall bear Reference, not exceeding One Fourth Part of the ordinary Charge paid for copying at the Time in the Court of Session: Provided always, that Copies of all such Acts of Sederunt shall be transmitted by the President of the Court of Session to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, to be by him laid before both Houses of Parliament at or immediately after the Commencement of the ensuing Session; and no such Act or Acts of Sederunt shall become in force or receive effect until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the First Day of the Meeting of such Session of Parliament.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Fees upon Services heretofore payable to the Macers shall be abolished from and after the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, and that the Fees heretofore collected and accounted for to them, by the Clerks of the Bills and by the Keeper of the Outer House Rolls, shall be thereafter accounted for, and paid over weekly, to the Collector of the Fee Fund; and the said Collector shall retain those Fees which have heretofore been received by him on account of the Macers, and paid by him to them; and the other Fees now legally exigible by the said Macers, or Any of them, shall remain so exigible, and shall, along with all Gratuities receivable by them, or any of them, in their Capacity of Macers, form a common Fund of Division among the whole Seven Macers of the Court, including the one by Hereditary Right or his Deputy, instead of being as heretofore exclusively divisible among Four of their Number; and the Fees now legally exigible by the Two Macers of the Court of Teinds (being also Macers of the Court of Session) , shall in like manner form a common Fund of Division among the whole Seven Macers, who shall all equally be liable to perform the Duty of Macers without Distinction, whether in the Court of Session, Court of Teinds, or elsewhere; and the Salaries now payable to the said Macers, of Ten Pounds each to Four of their Number, shall, from and after the said Twentieth Day of June

IQ

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 38.

85

io this present Year, cease and determine, and the said Seven Macers shall thereafter receive a Salary of One hundred and twenty Pounds each, payable in the same Manner and at the same Times in which Salaries of One hundred and Twenty Pounds each are now paid and payable to Three of their Number; the Salaries herein provided for them being in lieu and stead thereof.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Remuneration of the Remuneration

Collector of the Fee Fund, including the Expence which may Collector

become necessary of a Clerk or Assistant, shall, from and after fl\e Fee

the Twentieth Day of June in this present Year, be fixed at the "

Rate of Four Pounds per Centum on the whole Sums received by him, until such Sums shall amount to Eleven thousand Pounds Sterling in each Year, with the Addition of a Rate of Two Pounds per Centum on the further Sums received by him in such Year oeyond Eleven thousand Pounds Sterling, and that in lieu and stead of the Remuneration fixed by the said Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign: Provided always, Proviso, that in case in any Year the said Remuneration at the Rate aforesaid shall fall short of Six hundred Pounds, the said Collector shall, in such Year, be entitled to retain the full Sum of Six hundred Pounds, as the Allowance for his Trouble and for the Expence Tq Memb#r aforesaid; and every Person filling the said Office shall, in virtue Qf College of his Appointment, be a Member of the College of Justice. of Justice.

XXX. And be it enacted, That any Balance remaining in the Disposal of Hands of the Collector, on the Twentieth Day of December in any S*1*?*0? Year, shall be disposed of in Manner described by the said Act,

passed in the Fiftieth Year of His Majesty's Reign; and in case piled. p" of the Insufficiency of the said Fund at any time for the Payment of the Sums which the said Collector is required to pay, the Deficiency shall be supplied in the manner now practised in pursuance of the said Act.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in case it shall at any time Fees creating appear that the Fees by which the said Fund is created, produce thesf^UDd annually a Sura materially exceeding the Amount required, it shall [J^died *r be competent to the said Court to diminish the Amount of, or abolished by the altogether to abolish any of the said Fees; any thing in this or any Court, other Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that

if, by any Diminution or Abolition, the Fund shall become insufficient for the legal Demands upon it, the said Court shall restore the said Fees in whole or in part, so as to keep the Fund as nearly as may be equal to the Burthens thereon s Provided further, that Copy of Order a Copy of every Order or Act of Sederunt to be made by the said transmitted to Court, diminishing the Amount of the said Fees or abolishing Stotefo?Home any of the same, or restoring such Fees, shall be transmitted by pepartmeau the President of the Court of Session to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause a Copy of the same to be laid before each House of Parliament at or immediately after the Commencement of the then next Session thereof; and upon the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the First Day of such Session, but not sooner, every such Fee shall become diminished, or be abolished, or be restored, in the same manner as if the same had been diminished, or abolished, or restored, by Authority of Parliament.

86

C. S 8.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

AJ3.1821.

SOG.S. c. 112. 48.

Office of Auditor of the Court of Ses. don to be made permanent.

Two Auditors.

To be Writer to the Signet, &c.

Tenure of Office.

Not to practise.

If Two Auditors, Court may regulate Mode, of

Business by Act of Sederunt.

Copy of such Act transmitted to Secretary of State for Home Department.

During temporary Indisposition, Ac., Court may appoint a Person to discharge the Duties.

XXXII. And Whereas the Office of Auditor of Accounts in the Court of Session was established by Acts of Sederunt of the Lords of Council and Session, and the Fees payable to and exigible by the Auditor were afterwards regulated and established by the aforesaid Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the reign of His late Majesty, by which it was provided, that, in the Event of there being an Auditor of each Division, such

Fees should be equally divided between the Two Auditors: And ' Whereas the said Office has been found useful and beneficial Be it therefore enacted, That the said Office of Auditor of Accounts shall hereafter be and remain a permanent Office in the Court of Session, and the Person at present filling the said Office shall continue to hold the same, ad vitam aut culpam, with Power nevertheless to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appoint another Auditor of Accounts, so that there may be an Auditor of Accounts for each Division whenever it shall be certified to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the Lord President of the Court of Session and the Lord Justice Clerk, that in the Opinion of the Court the due Dispatch of the Business of the said Office shall require that there shall be Two such Auditors, every such Auditor being a fit and proper Person, who shall have practised for not less than Three Years as a Writer to the Signet, or as a Member of the Incorporation of Solicitors before the Supreme Courts in Scotland; and every person filling the said Office shall, in virtue of his Appointment, be a Member of the College of Justice, and shall hold the same, ad vitam aut culpam; and that upon every Vacancy in the said Office, by Death, Resignation or otherwise, it shall be lawful to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person, of the Description aforesaid, to supply such Vacancy; and no Person holding the said Office shall, under Pain of Deprivation of Office, practise either directly or indirectly as an Agent before the said Court of Session: Provided always, that in the Event that Two Auditors of Accounts . shall be appointed, it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Session, and such Court is hereby empowered by an Act or Acts of Sederunt, to regulate the manner in which the Business of the said Office shall be performed by the said Two Auditors, and the Manner in which the Fees granted by the said recited Act shall be divided between them, any thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided further, that a Copy of every such Act of Sederunt shall be transmitted by the President of the Court of Session to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause a Copy thereof to be laid before each House of Parliament, at or immediately after the Commencement of the then next Session; and upon the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the First Day of such Session, but not sooner, such Act of Sederunt shall become in force in the same manner as if the Regulations prescribed therein had been made by the Authority of Parliament: Provided nevertheless, that in case the present Auditor or any Auditor henceforth to be appointed, shall be unable to discharge the Duties of the said Office, by reason of temporary Indisposition or Absence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to appoint

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 98.

87

a fit and proper person, though continuing to practise as an Agent before that Court, to discharge the Duties of such Auditor during the Period of such temporary Indisposition or Absence.

XXXIII. And be it Enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful to extract any Decree for the random Sum of Expences concluded for in the Summons; and that in all cases in which Decree is pronounced in Absence of the Defender or Defenders, an Account of Expences shall be lodged in Process, and taxed by the Auditor, and that a Report thereon by the Auditor shall be a sufficient Warrant and Authority to the Extractor to fill up the Amount of Expences to be awarded against the Defender or Defenders in the extracted Decree, without the said Report being brought under the Consideration of the Lord Ordinary, unless by his own Direction, or that of the Auditor, or on the Motion of any Party interested; and for the taxing of all such Accounts, in cases of Decrees in Absence, the Auditor shall be entitled to charge a Fee of Five Shillings, and no more, when the Amount of the Account shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling; and when the Amount of the Account shall exceed that Sum, he shall be entitled to charge according to the Rates of Fees specified and contained in the Schedule annexed to the aforesaid Statute passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

XXXIV. And be it enacted, That if any of the Keepers of the Inner House Rolls, or Clerks of the Judges, or other Officers of Court, shall make Application to the said Barons, and shall make it appear that he has suffered or will suffer pecuniary Loss from the Operation or Effect of any of the aforesaid Regulations, beyond the Salaries allowed and fees reserved by this Act, due Consideration being had of the Circumstances* of each individual Case, the said Barons are hereby authorized and required to examine into such Claims, and to decide whether any or what Compensation is due to all or any of the said Officers.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That every Sum of Compensation to be awarded under the Authority of this Act, shall be paid and payable upon the Order of the said Barons, in such manner and at such time or times as they shall direct, free and clear from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, out of the Monies charged or made chargeable by several acts made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed or to be allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer; and every Order for Compensation so made as aforesaid, shall be laid before Parliament within One Month after the Commencement of the Session next ensuing the making of the same: Provided always, that no such Decision of the said Barons shall be final and conclusive until Three Months after a Copy of the Order of such Barons for Compensation shall have been laid before Parliament.

Decreets in Absence not to be extracted without the Account of Expences being tsxed by the Auditor.

Fee on Taxation.

C^pewatiea to certain Officers.

Fund from which Compensations under this Act to be made.

G

C. 39.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

No Civil Process below 25L competent in the Admiralty Courts, unless in re maritima.

Reasons of Suspension of Admiralty Decrees, to be discussed upon the Bill.

No Letters of Suspension.

Proviso for Rules in the Bill Chamber, &c.

Suspensions and Reductions of Admiralty Decrees deemed Inner House Processes.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Courts of Admiralty in Scotland, and of certain Proceedings in the Court of Session, connected therewith.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS by a Warrant under the Sign Manual of His Royal Highness the Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, dated the Eighth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, Commissioners were appointed for enquiring into the Duties, Salaries and

Emoluments of the several Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice of the Courts of Scotland\ and for reporting what Regulations might be fit to be established respecting the same, which Commissioners have accordingly made certain Reports;

and the same have been laid before Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that Regulations should be established regarding the Courts of Admiralty in Scotland, for which the Authority of Parliament is required Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That hereafter it shall not be competent to insist in any Civil Process before the High Court of Admiralty, where the subject Matter in Dispute, exclusive of Expences, is of less value than Twenty five Pounds Sterling, excepting only Maritime Cases wherein the said Court has a privative Jurisdiction, and Actions for Recovery of Premiums of Insurance on Ships and Cargoes, and Actions for Mercantile Claims against Shipmasters and Owners of Vessels, if preceded by Arrestment of the Vessel.

II. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where a Bill of Suspension, complaining of a Decreet of the said Court in a Matter of Maritime Jurisdiction, shall be reported to the Lords of either Division of the Court of Sesision, and in all cases when a Petition shall be presented to the said Lords, reclaiming* against an Interlocutor of the Lord Ordinary on the Bills refusing any such Bill, the said Lords shall discuss the Reasons of Suspension upon the Bill, without Letters of Suspension being expede thereon, the same being in such cases hereby prohibited, but with the same Powers and Authorities as if Letters of Suspension had been already expede: Provided always, that this Regulation shall in no wise impair the Effect of the Rules in the Bill Chamber with respect to Caution, nor shall the Obligations of the Cautioners in such cases be extinguished or impaired by the expeding of the Letters of Suspension being prohibited.

III. And be it enacted, That every such Process of Suspension complaining of a Decreet of the said Court in a Matter of Maritime Jurisdiction, as well as all Processes of Reduction of such Decreets after the Production shall have been satisfied, and Avizandum made therewith to the Lords in common Form, shall he deemed Inner House Processes, and the Reasons whether of Suspension or Reduction shall be discussed in the most expeditious manner in the Course of the Summer Roll; and it shall be lawful to the Court in either Division to remit any such Process, whether

of

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 89.

89

of Suspension or Reduction, to the Judge of the said Court of Admiralty, with Instructions in what manner to proceed further therein: Provided always, that no Proceeding, whether in the Power to remit Form of Suspension or Reduction, shall be competent for bringing with Instruc-under Review any Decreet pronounced in Absence by the Judge tions* of the said Court in Maritime Causes; it being reserved nevertheless to any Party aggrieved by such Decreet to apply to the said Judge in competent Form for review of the same.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient to shorten the Induciae of 1 Summonses of Reduction, raised for bringing under Review of the Court of Session Decreets pronounced by the Judge of the said Court in cases wherein the Pursuer is desirous to bring his Action of Reduction without Delay; Be it enacted, That it Reductions of shall be competent and lawful to raise such Summonses of Re- Admiralty Deduction with all usual and necessary Conclusions upon One Diet of Six Days, whether the Defender or Defenders be within Scotland on oe Diet of or forth thereof: Provided always, that the Pursuer or Pursuers six Days, shall within Six Days after the last Step of Proceeding in the Court of Admiralty give Notice, by a Notarial Instrument of Intimation, to the Agent in that Court of the opposite Party or Parties, that such Process or Reduction is to be forthwith raised; and provided also, that the Summons shall contain a Narrative of such Intimation, and shall be passed under the Signet within Six Days after the Date of the Intimation, and thereafter regularly executed against the Defender or Defenders, without any undue delay.

V. And be it enacted, That the Clerk of the High Court of Clerk of Admi-Admiralty shall discharge the Duties of his Office personally: rahyact Provided always, that the Effect of this Enactment shall be sus- Person*Uy-pended until the Death or Resignation of the present Principal

Clerk of the said High Court.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of the Office of Auditor of Ac-Auditor of Accounts in the said High Court shall be performed by counts.

the Clerk of the Judge- Admiral.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Judge Admiral shall be, and Judge Admiral

he is hereby authorized and required forthwith to frame proper to Regu-and suitable Regulations for abridging the Forms of Extracts now for

in use in the various Courts of Admiralty, and also relative to the Ex-

Consignation in one or other of the public Banks, of all Monies tracts, Ac .; required to be consigned in consequence of any Proceedings in any of the said Courts, having regard to the Forms for Extracts prescribed by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of 50 G. 3. c. 112. His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for abridging the Form of extracting Decrees of the Court of Session in Scotland, and for the Regulation of certain Parts of the Proceedings of that Court.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Judge shall be and ai>d also a Table

he is hereby authorised and required to frame a proper and of to be suitable Table of Fees, including the Fees of Extract and of Con- Uie

signation, for regulating and ascertaining the Emoluments which

shall be justly exigible by the Clerk of the High Court of Admiralty, in such manner as to make his total Net Emoluments amount, as nearly as may be, to Six hundred Pounds per Annum; and also a proper and suitable Table of Fees for regulating and

@t9FOgle

C. 39.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

and also a Table of Fees for the other Clerks, Sec,

Regulations and Table of Fees to be sanctioned by the Court of Session by Act of Sederunt.

Copy of such Act, &c. transmitted to Secretary of State for Home Department.

No Gratuity for Appointment of Officers.

Compensation to Clerks in certain Cases.

ascertaining the Emoluments which shall be justly exigible by the Deputy of the said Principal Clerk, until the Death, Resignation or Removal of his Principal, when the Fees of such Deputy shall cease and determine; and also for regulating and ascertaining the Emoluments which shall be justly exigible by the Clerk of the said Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, having regard to the Report of the said Commissioners hereinbefore recited in that Behalf.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Judge shall also, and he is hereby required to frame a proper and suitable Table of Fees, for regulating and ascertaining the Emoluments which shall be justly exigible by the Person acting as Clerk to the Deputy Judge Admiral of the Clyde, and by the Clerks of inferior Courts of Admiralty, and by the Assessors of such Courts, and Procurators Fiscal, Macers and other Officers of such Courts: Provided always, that in case any such Clerk or other Officer shall not be willing to accept of the Fees specified in such Table of Fees, in lieu of those now received by him, the Operation of such Table of Fees shall be suspended, until the Death, Resignation or Removal of such Clerk or other Officer.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Regulation and Table of Fees to be framed pursuant to this Act shall be presented by the said Judge to the whole Lords of Council and Session, by whom the same shall be considered, and after Deliberation and Conference, if necessary, with the said Judge, shall, with or without Alteration, be adjusted and published as an Act of Sederunt of the Court of Session; and it shall be lawful to the said Lords to alter any such Regulation and Table of Fees by a new Act or Acts of Sederunt, from time to time thereafter, as they shall see cause: Provided further, that a Copy of every such Act of Sederunt, made pursuant to this Act, together with the Regulation and Table of Fees to which it refers, shall be transmitted by the President of the Court of Session to His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, who shall cause a Copy of the same to be laid before each House of Parliament, at or immediately after the Commencement of the then next Session thereof; and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the First Day of such Session, every such Act of Sederunt and Regulation shall become in force; and thereafter, but not sooner, every such Fee shall, according to the Terms of such Act of Sederunt, be and be deemed and taken to be a legal Fee, and payable and receivable as such.

XI. And be it enacted, That all Appointments and Nominations to any Office in any of the said Courts of Admiralty shall be made without receiving any Price, Gratuity or valuable Consideration of any Kind, and shall be forthwith reported to the Judge of the said High Court.

XII. And be it enacted, That if the Clerk of the High Court of Admiralty or his Deputy shall make Application to the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland, and either of them shall make it appear that he has suffered or will suffer pecuniary Loss from the Operation or Effect of any of the aforesaid Regulations, beyond the Fees and other Emoluments to be thereby allowed or reserved, <jue Consideration being had of the Circumstances of the case, the said

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

91

C. 39, 40.

Barons are hereby authorised and required to examine into such Claims, and to decide whether any or what Compensation is due to either of the said Clerks; and every Order for Compensation so made as aforesaid shall be laid before Parliament within Three Months after the Commencement of the Session next ensuing the making of the same: Provided always, that no such Decision of the said Barons shall be final and conclusive until Three Months after a Copy of the Order of such Barons for Compensation shall have been laid before Parliament.

XIII. And be it enacted, That any Sum of Compensation to be awarded under the Authority of this Act shall be paid and payable upon the Orders of the said Barons, in such manner and at such time or times as they shall direct, free and clear of all Taxes and other Deductions whatsoever, out of the Monies charged or made chargeable by several Acts, made in the Seventh and Tenth Years of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne, with the Fees, Salaries and other Charges allowed for keeping up the Courts of Session, Justiciary and Exchequer.

CAP. XL.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts, as inflicts Capital Punishment on certain Offences therein specified; and to provide more suitable and effectual Punishment for such Offences.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, holden in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent Frauds committed by Bankrupts, it is among other Things ' enacted, that if any Person or Persons who shall become Bankrupt, within the Intent and Meaning of the said Act, and against whom a Commission of Bankrupt under the Great Seal of Ireland shall be awarded and issued out, whereupon the said Person or Persons against whom such Commission shall issue, shall be declared Bankrupt or Bankrupts, shall not within Forty two Days after Notice thereof in Writing, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, or Personal Notice, in case such Person or Persons be then in Prison, and Notice given in the Dublin Gazette, that such Commission or Commissions is, are or have been issued, and of the Time and Place of a Meeting of the Commissioners therein named, or the major Part of them, surrender him, her or themselves to the said Commissioners named in the said Commission, or the major Part of them, and sign or subscribe such Surrender, and submit to be examined from time to time upon Oath, or being of the People called Quakers, upon the solemn Affirmation by Law appointed for such People, by and before such Commissioners, or the major Part of them, by such Commission authorized, and in all Things conform to the said Statute; and also upon his, her or their Examination, fully and truly disclose and discover all

[Proviso.]

Funds from which Compensations are to be paid.

11 & 12 G. 3. c. 8. 24. (I.) enacting that on Bankrupt's refusing to surrender, or be examined, or to deliver up his Effects, &c. such Bankrupt shall be declared guilty of Felony without Clergy.

gle

C. 40.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Repealed so far as inflicts Punishment of Death.

Such Offences may be punished with Transportation for Life. Imprisonment, &c.

his, her or their Effects and Estate, Real and Personal, and how and in what Manner, to whom, and upon what Consideration, and at what Time, he, she or they have or hath disposed 4 of, assigned or transferred any of his, her or their Goods, Wares,

Merchandizes, Monies or other Estate and Effects, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereto, of which he, she or they was or were possessed, or in or to which he, she or they was or were anyways interested or entitled, or which any Person or Persons had or hath, or have had, in trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, at any time before or after the issuing of the said Commission, or whereby such Person or Persons, or his, her or their Family or Families, hath or have, 4 or may have or expect any Profit, Possibility of Profit, Benefit or Advantage whatsoever, except only such Part of his, her or their Estate or Effects as shall have been really and bona jide before sold or disposed of, in the Way of his, her or their Trade and Dealings, except such Sums of Money as shall have been laid out in the ordinary Expence of his, her or their Family or Families; and also upon such Examination deliver up unto the said Commissioners by the said Commission authorized, or the major Part of them, qjl such Part of his, her or their the said Bankrupt's Wares, Goods, Merchandizes, Money, Estate and

Effects, and all Books, Papers and Writings relating thereunto, 4 as at the Time of such Examination shall be in his, her or their Possession, Custody or Power, (his, her or their necessary Wearing Apparel, and the necessary Wearing Apparel of the Wife and Children of such Bankrupt only excepted); then he, 4 she or they, the said Bankrupt or Bankrupts, in case of any Default and wilful Omission in not surrendering and submitting to be examined as aforesaid, or in case he, she or they shall remove, conceal or embezzle any Part of such his, her or their Estate, Real or Personal, to the Value of Twenty Pounds, or any Books of Account, Papers or Writings relating thereto, 4 with an Intent to defraud his, her or their Creditors, and being thereof lawfully convicted by Indictment, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as Felons, 4 without Benefit of Clergy, or the Benefit of any Statute made in relation to Felons: And Whereas it is expedient that so much and such Parts of the said recited Act as inflicts Punishment of Death in the cases aforesaid should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Days after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as inflicts Punishment of Death on the Offences hereinbefore recited shall be and the same is hereby accordingly repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Thirty one Days after the passing of this Act, all Persons duly convicted of the Offences Hereinbefore recited, which were punishable with Death under the hereinbefore recited Act, shall be liable to be transported beyond the Seas for Life, or for such Term not less than Seven Years as the Court before whom

i&2 geo. nr.

C. 4*0, 41.

93

such Person shall be convicted shall adjudge; or such Person shall be liable, in case the said Court shall think fit, to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, Penitentiary House or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding Seven Years.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for giving greater Facility in the Prosecution and Abatement of Nuisances arising from Furnaces used and in the working of Steam Engines.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience has arisen, and a great Degree of Injury has been and is now sustained by His Majesty's Subjects in various Parts of the United Empire, from the improper Construction as well as from the negligent Use of Furnaces employed in the working 6f Engines by Steam: And Whereas by Law every such Nuisance, being of a public Nature,

is abateable as such by Indictment; but the Expence attending the Prosecution thereof has deterred Parties suffering thereby

from seeking the Remedy given by Law:* Be it therefore enacted

by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court by which Court may

Judgment ought to be pronounced in case of Conviction on any award Costa.

+such Indictment, to award such Costs as shall be deemed proper and reasonable to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, to be paid by the Party or Parties so convicted as aforesaid, such Award to be made either before or at the Time of pronouncing final Judgment, as to the Court may seem fit.

II. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Court may Court by which Judgment ought to be pronounced in case of make Order for Conviction on any such Indictment, that the Grievance may be preventing the remedied by altering the Construction of the Furnace so employed Nu, sance* in the working of Engines by Steam, it shall be lawful to the Court, without the Consent of the Prosecutor, to make such Order touching the Premises as shall be by the said Court thought expedient for preventing the Nuisance in future, before passing final Sentence upon the Defendant or Defendants so convicted.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Provisions of Proviso for this Act, as far as they relate to the Payment of Costs and the Owners of Alteration of Furnaces, shall not extend or be construed to extend ^xrn^es^ct' to the Owners or Proprietors or Occupiers of any Furnaces of wo^jnir of* Steam Engines erected solely for the Purpose of working Mines Mines, &c. of different Descriptions, or employed solely in the smelting of Ores and Minerals, or in the manufacturing of the Produce of such Ores or Minerals on or immediately adjoining the Premises where they are raised.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-and take effect from and after the First Day of September One ment of Act* thousand eight hundred and twenty-one.

0.42.

V & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Reduced Adjutant to receive 4s. per Day till March 24.

1822.

Right to Half Pay.

Reduced Adjutants may take such Allowance with any Payor other Allowance to which they may be entitled.

26 G. 3. c. 107.

[Proviso.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act to defray the Charge of the Pay, Clothing and contingent Expences of the Disembodied Militia in Great Britain; and to grant Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers, Adjutants, Quartermasters, Surgeons, Surgeons' Mates and Serjeant Majors of Militia, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

[28th May 1821.]

[This Act is the same as 1 G. 4. c. 86. except as to Dates and the Sections that are here retained.]

XXI. AND be it further enacted, That in case any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia shall have already ceased and determined or been reduced in its Establishment or shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment during the Continuance of this Act, the Sum of Four Shillings per Diem shall be paid to such Person as has actually served as Adjutant to such Regiment, Battalion or Corps, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or from the Time such Regiment shall cease and determine or be reduced in its Establishment, as the case may be, to the Twenty fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty two: Provided always, that no Person shall be entitled to receive such Allowance as aforesaid, who shall hold any Military Office or Employment of Profit under His Majesty, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits and Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of the said Allowance of Four Shillings a Day; but no such reduced Adjutant shall lose any Right he may have to Half Pay of the Navy, Army, Marines or Provisional Battalion formed from the Militia, by reason of receiving such Allowance as last aforesaid, but shall be entitled to receive such Half Pay as well as such Allowance.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every reduced Adjutant entitled to any Allowance granted under the said Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year aforesaid, and continued by any subsequent Acts or by this Act, may receive and take such Allowance, together with any Full Pay, Half Pay or Allowance which was tenable, together with such reduced Allowance under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for amending and reducing into one Act (f Parliament the Lam relating to the Militia in that Part of Great Britain called England, or under the Provisions of the aforesaid Acts of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty: Provided always, that no such reduced Adjutant shall be entitled to receive any Allowance under this Act. during the Time he shall hold any Military Office of Profit under His Majesty other than such as aforesaid, or any Civil Office or Employment under His Majesty, the annual Profits and Emoluments of which shall exceed Three Times the Amount of such reduced Allowance.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

CAt.

96

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to defray, until the 25th Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; and for making Allowances to Officers and Quartermasters of the said Militia during Peace.

[28th May 1821.]

[This Act is the same as 1 G. 4. c. 96. except as to Dates and the Sections that are here retained.]

WHEREAS it is necessary that Provisions should be made for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland Be

+it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That for every County, County Four Months *

of a City or Town, in Ireland, where the Militia is or shall be Pay in Advance

raised, there shall be issued and paid, out of the Produce of the ^c^hereM

Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland, the whole Sums required, raised.1

in the Manner and for the several Uses hereinafter mentioned;

(that is to say,) for the Pay of the said Militia, at the Rate of Rates of Pay. Eight Shillings per Day for each Adjutant, and at the Rate of Six Shillings per Day for each Paymaster and Surgeon respectively, where an Adjutant, Paymaster or Surgeon is appointed; and at the Rate of Five Shillings per Day for each Quartermaster, where a Quartermaster is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Ten Pence per Day for each Serjeant Major and Quartermaster Serjeant resident at the Head Quarters of the Regiment,

Battalion or Corps where a Serjeant Major and Quartermaster Serjeant are appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence per Day for each Serjeant so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Drummer so resident as aforesaid, with the Addition of Sixpence per Day for each Drum Major, where a Drum Major is appointed; and at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Fifer so resident as aforesaid; and at the Rate of One Shilling and Two Pence per Day for each Corporal so resident as aforesaid: And also at the Rate of Contingent Three Pence per Month for each Private Man and Drummer, Expences. for defraying the contingent Expences of each Regiment and Battalion of Militia: And also for the Clothing of the Militia for Clothing, such County, after the Rate of Four Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Ten Pence for each Serjeant Major and Quartermaster Serjeant, Three Pounds Nine Shillings and Eight Pence for each Serjeant, Two Pounds One Shilling and Ten Pence for each Corporal, Four Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence for each Drum Major, and Three Pounds Five Shillings and Two Pence for each Drummer, when such Serjeant Majors, Quartermaster Serjeants,

Drum Majors, Serjeants, Drummers and Corporals have not been clothed within Two Years; and with respect to the Private Militia Men, at the Rate of Two Pounds One Shilling and Four Pence for each Private Militia Man, when such Private Militia Men have not been clothed within Four Years: Provided always, that where

Cartyo<

0. 4S, 44.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Hates of Pay when on Furlough.

Colonel to certify to Treasury Days of Exercise, &c. and Vice Treasurer to pay the Sums herein specified.

Continuance of Act,

Lord Chancellor, Master of the Rolls, Judges and Masters in Chancery, in Ireland, incapable of sit-

any Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall be absent on Furlough or Licence, such Serjeant Major, Drum Major, Serjeant, Corporal or Drummer shall during such Absence receive the Hates of Pay following; (that is to say,) every Serjeant Major the Sum of One Shilling and Four Pence, every Drum Major the Sum of One Shilling, every Serjeant the Sum of One Shilling, every Corporal the Sum of Eight Pence, and every Drummer the Sum of Sixpence per Day respectively, and no more; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to direct that any such Pay shall be from time to time issued for any Period not exceeding Four Months from the time when such Advances shall be made.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Governor or Governors, or Deputy Governors, at a General Meeting to be held for any County, County of a City or Town, in Ireland, shall have fixed the Days of Exercise for the Militia, the Colonel or Commanding Officer shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or his or their Chief Secretary for the time being, and to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days such Men are to be absent from Home on account of such Exercise, not exceeding in the whole Twenty eight Days; and the Vice Treasurer for Ireland is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of a Warrant thereon from the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to cause to be issued and paid, out of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, at the Rate of Ten Shillings per Day for the Captain of each Company, at the Rate of Five Shillings and Eight Pence per Day for each Lieutenant, and of Four Shillings and Eigjit Pence per Day for each Ensign, at the Rate of Seven Shillings and Sixpence per Day for each Assistant Surgeon, and also at the Rate of One Shilling per Day for each Private Militia Man, for any Number of Days not exceeding Twenty eight, during which such Men shall be absent from Home on account of their Attend* ance at such Place of annual Exercise.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the Twenty fifth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to exclude Persons holding certain Judicial Offices in Ireland, from being Members of the House of Commons.

[28th May 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Persons holding certain Judicial Offices hereinafter mentioned should be rendered

incapable of being Members of the House of Commons, during the time they hold the said Offices respectively; ' Therefore be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 44, 45. 97

Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this ting in th Act, no Person holding the Office of Lord Chancellor in Ireland, House of Master of the Rolls in Ireland, or being One of the Twelve Judges CommoDS* of the Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer m Ireland, or being a Master in Chancery in Ireland, shall be capable of being elected, or of sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Persons dis-if any Person, hereby declared to be incapable to sit or vote in abled sitting, the House of Commons, shall nevertheless be returned as a Member to serve in Parliament for any County, Stewartry, City,

Borough, Town, Cinque Port or Place, such Election and Return are hereby enacted and declared to be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and if any Person, disabled and declared incapable by this Act to be elected, shall after the passing of this Act presume to sit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons, such Person so sitting and voting shall forfeit the Sum of Penalty.

Five hundred Pounds for every Day in which he shall sit or vote in the said House of Commons, to such Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster; and the Money so forfeited shall be recovered by the Persons so suing, with full Costs of Suit, in any of the said Courts, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and only One Imparlance; and shall from thenceforth be incapable of taking, holding or enjoying any Office of Honour or Ptont under His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

ID*. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be Proviso for construed to extend to make void any Election had before the Election had passing of this Act, or to disable from sitting and voting in the before passing said House of Commons, or subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture Act* whatsoever, any Person elected to serve as a Member in the said House before the passing of this Act.

CAP. XLV.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Street and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament.

[8th June 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of 46 G. 3. c. 89.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, s.

intituled An Act for consolidating and rendering more effectual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings, and further Improvement of the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament, the Commissioners thereby appointed

4 #ere authorized and empowered to purchase, for the Purposes

of that Act, all the Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, situate within certain Limits thereby defined, and

were alto authorized and empowered, with the Consent and Ap-

1 & 2 Geo. IV.

C. 45.

r&2 GEO. IV. A.D. 182TI

as

probation in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or of the Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Treasurer, or any Three of them, to purchase adl

+such other Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises whatever, as the Commissioners for executing the said Act might think necessary to be purchased and employed for the Purposes of the said Act; and it was thereby enacted, that if any Money should be agreed or awarded to be

pakl for any Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises purchased by virtue of that Act, for the

Purposes thereof, which should belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case the same should amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, should, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners for executing that Act, to the Intent that such Money should be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises,

in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof,

as the said Court should authorize to be paid, affecting the same Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, or affecting other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money should not be so applied, then that the same should be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Ground, Buildings, Houses or Premises, which should be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Ground, Buildings, 4 Houses or Premises which should be so purchased as aforesaid stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement should be existing, 4 undetermined and capable of taking effect; and that in the mean time, and until such Purchase should be made, the said Money should, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and that in the mean time, and until the said Bank Annuities should be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities should from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Ground, Buildings, Houses and Premises thereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and

Bent of Pur- Settlement were made: And Whereas the Commissioners for chase by Com- > executing the said Act, in pursuance'and for the Purposes nuasionen. thereof, with* the Consent of the Lords Commissioners of His

A.D. 1821.

10 & 26 GEO. IV. C. 4^.

99

+ Majesty's Treasury, purchased, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, the Fee Simple of certain Ground, Buildings and Premises in Prince's Street, Westminster, being the Protestant Dissenters' Meeting House, and the Vestry Room and Ground belonging thereto, and the Purchase Money was afterwards paid by the said Commissioners into the Bank of England, in the Manner directed by the said Act as aforesaid; and in pursuance of an Order of the High Court of Chancery,

the same has since been laid out in the Purchase of Bank Three per Centum Consolidated Annuities, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court, in Trust in the same Matter; and by the said Order, the Dividends to accrue due on the said Bank Annuities were to be from time to time laid out in the Purchase of the like Bank Three per Centum

Annuities, in the Name and with the Frivity of the Accountant General, in Trust in the same Matter: And Whereas no Part of the said Bank Three per Centum Annuities, or of the Dividends

which have accrued thereon, has been applied in the Manner authorized by the said Act, nor can a suitable or convenient Building be found capable of being purchased and settled in the c Manner directed by the said Act; and the Persons who used to assemble in the said Meeting House, for the public Worship and Service of God, have, ever since the Purchase of the said Premises by the said Commissioners, been deprived of a Place for public Religious Worship, and there is no Probability of their being able to obtain one otherwise than by purchasing a Piece of Ground, and erecting thereon a suitable Building; but the Provisions in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty will not authorize the Money or Funds arising from the Sale of the said late Meeting House and Premises to be-so-applied; and it is therefore expedient that the said Act should in that Behalf be altered and amended:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery from The Court of time to time, upon a Petition to be preferred to that Court in a Chancery em-summary Way, by or on Behalf of the major Ptort of the Per- powered to Jay sons in whom the Fee Simple of the Ground, Meeting House and Premises purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid was the*^ vested at the time of the Purchase thereof by the said Coromis- the old Meeting sioners, to order and direct the Accountant General of the said House in High Court of Chancery to sell and dispose of the Whole or any Part or Parts from time to time, as to the said Court shall seem right or proper, of the Bank Three per Centum Annuities, in which the Purchase Money paid by the said Commissioners for sioners under the said Ground, Meeting House and Premises was laid out or in- recited Act, in vested as aforesaid, and of any Annuities purchased or to be the Purchase of purchased out of the Dividends on the said Three per Centum Ereoiouof a Annuities, and thereupon to pay and apply a sufficient Part of the new one> clear Monies produced by such Sale or Disposition, or by the settled to the Dividends of the said Three per Centum Annuities, for the Pur- like Uses, chase of a Piece or Parcel of Ground, which in the Judgment of the Petitioners shall form a suitable and proper Site for the

PH nee's Street, Westminster, purchased by the Commis-

100

C. 45.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

When a Site for the Erection of a new Meeting House shall be purchased and settled as aforesaid, the Residue of the Money (46 G.3. c. 89.) arising from the Sale of the old Meeting House to be paid to Trustees, and applied in the Erection of a new Meeting House on such Site.

Application of the Surplus Money, if any.

Erection of a Meeting House and Vestry Room, with all necessary Offices and Outbuildings, to be settled, conveyed and assured to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents mid Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Ground, Meeting House and Premises purchased by the said Commissioners as aforesaid stood settled and limited at the time of the Purchase thereof by the said Commissioners; which Piece or Parcel of Ground, when so purchased as aforesaid, shall be thereupon immediately conveyed, settled and assured to, for and upon the said Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes accordingly, or such of them as at the time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That so soon as a Piece or Pared of Ground, suitable as a Site for the Erection of a Meeting House and Vestry Room, with the Appurtenances as aforesaid, shall be conveyed, settled and assured to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way, by or on Behalf of the major Part of the Persons who were Trustees of the said Meeting House and Premises at the time of the Purchase thereof by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, and notwithstanding any thing herein, or in the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty contained to the contrary, to order and direct the said Accountant General of the said Court to sell and dispose of so much of the said Bank Three per Centum Annuities, and of any Annuities purchased or to be purchased out of the Dividends payable thereon, as shall not have been sold and applied in the Purchase of such Piece or Parcel of Ground, and thereupon to pay the clear Monies to be produced by such Sale or Disposition, and all Dividends and Interest then accrued due on the said Annuities, which shall not have been applied to the Purposes aforesaid, to such Two or more of the said Persons who were the Trustees of the said Ground, Meeting House and Premises purchased-by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, at the time of such Purchase, as shall for that Purpose be nominated by the major Part of such Persons, and approved of by the said Commissioners, or any Three of them (such Nomination and Approval to be testified by some Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) , to the Intent that the same Monies may forthwith be applied, by or under the Direction of the Persons who were the Trustees of the said Ground, Meeting House and Premises at the time of the Purchase thereof by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or under the Direction of the major Part of them, in the erecting, building and finishing a proper and suitable Meeting House and Vestry Room on the Ground so purchased, and in providing the neces* sary Fixtures and Fittings for the same, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said High Court of Chancery for the doing thereof; and that in case any Part of the said Monies, after answering the Expences of purchasing the said Ground, and erecting, building and finishing the said Meeting House and Vestry Room, and purchasing and providing the necessary Fixtures and Fittings for the same, and paying all incidental Costs and Expences, shall remain unapplied to the

Purposes

V Sc 2^ GEO. IV. C. 45, 46.

lM

Purposes aforesaid, or otherwise, pursuant to this Act, the same may be held by the said Two or more Trustees, so to be nominated and approved of as last aforesaid, in Trust, and in the Manner in which Money agreed or awarded to be paid for any Ground,

Buddings or Premises, purchased for the Purposes of the said Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, where the same shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, is to be held by the Trustees to whom such Money is authorized to be paid by virtue of that Act, and may be applied in any Manner authorized by that Act, or by this Act, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

III. And be it further enacted, That in the mean time, and How the Inter-until the said Bank Three per Centum Annuities, now standing in est of the Funds, the Name of the said Accountant General in Trust as aforesaid, un*11 applied and the Dividends due and to grow due thereon, shall be laid out,

invested, applied or paid, in the Manner hereby authorized and 0 directed, the Interest, Dividends and Annual Produce thereof shall from time to time be applied and disposed of in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the The Court of said High Court of Chancery from time to time to make such Chancery may Order or Orders as to the said Court shall seem fit, for settling ^r p*ymeBt and ascertaining the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and of CosU* attending or in anywise relating to the Sale to the said Commissioners of ths before mentioned Ground, Meeting House and Premises, and the Purchase of any Ground or the Erection of any Buildings hereby authorized to be purchased or built; and the

Costs of the several Applications to be made to the said Court, respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Costs of taking the said Monies out of the Bank, and investing such Monies in the Purchase of Ground, or the Erection of Buildings as aforesaid, and also the Costs and Expences attending the Execution of all other the Trusts of this Act, and for Payment of all such Costs, Charges and Expences, by Sale of the aforesaid Consolidated Annuities now standing in the Name of the said Accountant General as aforesaid, or by and out of the Dividends and Interest thereof.

WHEREAS the Jurors returned by Sheriffs and other Officers, for the Trial of Causes at the Assizes of the several

Counties in England and Wales, and the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham and Lancaster, are by Law compelled to remain and continue in Attendance from the Beginning of the Assizes, in the Counties aforesaid, to the End thereof: And ' Whereas, from the great Length of Time that the Assizes frequently last in many of the Counties of England and Wales, and ' the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham and Lancaster, the

Attendance of Jurors from the Beginning to the End of the

CAP. XLVI.

An Act to regulate the Attendance of Jurors at the Assizes, in certain cases.

[8th June 1821.]

Assizes

lot

C. 46.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Judge of As-uxe, &c# may direct Two Set* of Jurors to be summoned, one to attend at the Beginning of each Assises, and the other to attend the Residue thereof, to serve indiscriminately on the Criminal and Civil Side.

Regulation as to Summons and Attendance of Jurors.

Jurors entitled to Certificates and Exemptions as heretofore.

Juries for Trial of Causes at Nisi Prius to be drawn from the Set in Attend-

Assizes is in mafcy cases extremely burthensome and expensive

to the said Jurors: For Remedy whereof be it enacted by The King s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from henceforth, in any County in which the Judge or Justices of Assize in England, or the Judge or Justices of the Grand Sessions in any County of Wales, or the Justices of the Courts of Sessions held for the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham or Lancaster, shall think fit so to direct, the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the Return of the Venire Jacias Juratores or other Process for the Trial of Causes at Nisi Prius doth belong, shall summon and impannel not more than One hundred and forty four Jurors or such lesser Number as the Judge or Justices of Assize in England or the Judge or Justices of Assize of the Grand Sessions in Wales or the Justices of the Courts or -Sessions in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham or Lancaster, shall think fit to direct, to serve indiscriminately on the Criminal and Civil Side; and shall divide such Jurors equally into two Sets, the first of which Set shall attend and serve for so many Days at the Beginning of each Assizes, as the Judge or Justices of Assize in England, or the Judge or Justices of the Grand Sessions in Wales, or the Justices of the Courts of Sessions in the Counties Palatine of Chester, Durham or Lancaster, shall before or at the Commencement of such Assizes respectively think fit to direct; and the other of which Sets shall attend and serve for the Residue of such Assizes.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Sheriff or other Officer shall, in the Summons to the Persons in each of such Sets, require the Attendance of such Persons at the said Assizes generally, according to the Mode now in Use, but upon the Back of each Summons he shall indorse whether the Person named therein is in the First or Second Set, and shall specify at what Time the Attendance of such Person will be required.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Attendance and Service of such Jurors shall entitle such Jurors to the like Certificates and Exemptions as they have been heretofore entitled to, for their Attendance and Service during the whole Assizes.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the Return of the Venire facias Juratores or other Process for the Trial of Causes at Nisi Prius doth belong, shall upon his Return of every such Writ or Process annex thereto a Panel, containing the Christian and Surnames, Additions and Places of Abode, of the Persons in each of such Sets; and during the Attendance and Service of the First of such Sets, the Jury on the Civil Side shall be drawn from the Names of the Persons in that Set, and during the Attendance and Service of the Second of such Sets, from the Names of the Persons in such Second Set,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. *7.

ios

CAP. XLVII.

An act to exclude the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, from sending Burgesses to serve in Parliament; and to enable the County of York to send Two additional Knights to serve in Parliament, in lieu thereof.

[8th June 1821.]

WHEREAS there was the most notorious and general Bribery and Corruption previous to the Election of Burgesses to serve in the last Parliament for the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, in order to procure the Return of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough

and it should therefore be excluded from hereafter returning Burgesses to serve in Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that Two additional Knights of the Shire should be returned for the County of York, to serve in Parliament in lieu of Two Burgesses for the Borough of Grampound May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That the Borough of Grampound, in the County of Corn- to

wall, shall cease to elect and return Burgesses to serve in the High

Court of Parliament. ftu-liament.

II. And be it further enacted, That if, during the present Par- Two Knights of liament, the Election of the Two Burgesses now serving therein the Shire to be for the same Borough of Grampound or either of them shall by added to the Death or otherwise become void, then and in every such case fo^Evem* an additional Knight or Knights shall be returned to serve in the herein men-High Court of Parliament for the County of York; and that tioned.

from the End of the present Parliament, and at all Times thereafter, the said County of York shall return, to serve in the High Court of Parliament, Four Knights of the Shire instead of Two Knights of the Shire, as the said County has heretofore returned; the said Knights respectively to be elected and chosen by virtue of Your Majesty's Writ, to be awarded by the Lord Chancellor t>r Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain for the Time being, in that Behalf to the Sheriff of the County of York; and the said Knights to be elected and returned in the same manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as Knights have been heretofore returned for the County of York.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Statutes now in force Statutes con-

touching or concerning the Qualification, Election and Return of ceming Qualifi-Knights of the Shire to serve in the High Court of Parliament, cation, Elec-shall be held to extend and the same are hereby declared to ex- tion* Jc* tend to the Qualification, Election and Return of the Knights of the

the Shire for the County of York, to be returned in pursuance of Four Knight* this Act, in the same manner as they have heretofore b*en held for Yorkshire, to extend to the Knights of the Shire returned for the said

County.

H 4r

* 0 4

C. 8.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to amend the several Acts for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors.

[8th June 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of the

55* 4

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, it was among other Things enacted, that from and after the Time in the said Act mentioned, no Person should be permitted to act as an Attorney or Solicitor respectively, in any of the Courts of Law or Equity in England in the said Act mentioned, unless such Person should have been bound by Contract in Writing to serve as a Clerk for and during the Space, 4 of Five Years to an Attorney or Solicitor respectively, duly

and legally sworn and admitted, as in the said Act is directed,

in some or one of the Courts of Law or Equity in England in the said Act mentioned; and that such Person for and during the said Term of Five Years should have continued in such Ser-22 0, 2. c. 46. 4 vice: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, for making further Regulations (among other 'Aings)

with respect to Attornies and Solicitors, it was enacted, that every Person who should so have been bound to serve any Attorney or Solicitor should, during the whole Time of such Service, continue and be actually employed by such Attorney or Solicitor, or his or their Agent or Agents, in the proper business, Practice or Employment of an Attorney or Solicitor; and also, that every Person bound as a Clerk as aforesaid, should,

before being admitted an Attorney or Solicitor, cause an Affidavit of himself, or of such Attorney or Solicitor to whom he was bound, to be duly made and filed, that he had actually and really served and been employed in manner aforesaid, during the 7 G. 2. (I.) 4 said whole Term of Five Years: And Whereas by an Act passed

by the Parliament of Ireland in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Amendment of the Law in relation to Popish Solicitors, and for remedying other Mischiefs in relation to the Practitioners in the several Courts of Latv and Equity, it was enacted, that no Person should be admitted an Attorney, or licensed to be a 4 Solicitor, who shall not have served an Apprenticeship for the Space of Five Years at least, to a Six Clerk of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, or to a Six Clerk of the High Court of Chancery m England, or to an Attorney of one of the other Courts in Ireland, or to an Attorney or Solicitor duly admitted or licensed in that Kingdom, or in England: And Whereas it may happen that Persons who have taken or may take the Degree of Bachelor of Arts or of Law, in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, or of Dublin, may afterwards be desirous of becoming Attornies or Solicitors, but may be deterred by the Length of Service required for that Purpose by the said recited Acts; and it is expedient that the Ad4 xoission of such Graduates should be facilitated, in consideration of the Learning and Abilities requisite for the taking such

1* A 2 OEa IV.

C. 48.

105

Degree: And Whereas it would tend to the better qualifying of Persons to act as Attornies and Solicitors if Part of the said Service of Five Years were allowed to be performed in manner (hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Any Person from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Person who taken

shall have taken or who shall take the Degree of Bachelor of OxfoS^Cam-Arts or Bachelor of Law, either in the University of Oxford, or bridge or Dub-in the University of Cambridge, or in the University of Dublin, lin, may act as shall, at any time after he snail have taken or shall take such *n Attorney or Degree, be bound by Contract in Writing to serve as a Clerk, for ^llcJlor^ Si* and during the Space of Three Years, to an Attorney or to a having served a Solicitor, or to a Six Clerk duly and legally sworn and admitted clerkship of under the Provisions and Directions of the said recited Acts of Three Years, the Second Year and Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, or of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts in force for the Regulation of Attornies and Solicitors, in some or One of the Courts of Law or Equity in the said recited Acts mentioned, and during the said Term of Three Years shall continue in such Service, and during the whole time of such Three Years' Service, shall continue and be actually employed by such Attorney or Solicitor, or Six Clerk, or his or their Agent or Agents, in the proper Business, Practice or Employment of an Attorney or Solicitor, and shall also cause an Affidavit, or being one of the People called Quakers, a solemn Affirmation of himself, or of such Attorney or Solicitor or Six Clerk to whom he was bound as aforesaid, to be duly made and hied, that he hath actually and really so served and been employed during the said whole Term of Three Years, in like manner as is required by the said recited Acts of the Second Year, and of the Seventh Year, and of the Twenty second Year of the Reign of King George the Second, with respect to Persons by the said Acts required to serve for the Term ot Five Years, shall and may be qualified to be sworn, or to take his solemn Affirmation, and to be admitted and inrolled as an Attorney or Solicitor respectively (according to the Nature of his Service) in the several and respective Courts of Law or Equity, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as any Person having been bound and having served Five Years is qualified to be sworn or to take his solemn Affirmation, and to be admittegi or inrolled under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any other Act or Acts for the Regulation of Attornies or Solicitors in England; any thing in the said Acts, or any of them, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Persons bourn! of this Act, if any Person who now is or hereafter shall be bound for Fire Years, by Contract in Writing to serve as a Clerk as aforesaid, for the Space of Five Years in manner mentioned by the said recited ximenotex-Acts, or any or either of them, or any other Act now in force ceeding One relating to the Service of Persons intended to be admitted as Year, with Attornies or Solicitors in England or Ireland, shall actually and Barrister or bona Jide be and continue as Pupil to any practising Barrister, or Spea^P^cr' to any Person bond Jide practising as a certificated Special Pleader ^on ipply^n'g

in

to m Judge or other sufficient Authority.

41 G. 3. U.K. c. 79. not to extend to the Registrars or Solicitors of the Universities, &c.

This Act to extend only to Bachelors of Arts who have taken their Degrees within the Periods herein .mentioned, &c.

91G. 9. c. 10. $ IS, 14.

92 G. 8. c.SS. $4  dv

C. 48, 49. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 182 L-

in England or Ireland, for any Part or Parts of the said Term of Five Years, not exceeding One Year, it shall be lawful for the Judge or other sufficient Authority to whom such Person shall apply to be admitted as Attorney or Solicitor as aforesaid, upon Affidavit or Affirmation of such Clerk, and of such Barrister or Special Pleader, to be duly made and hied, and upon being satisfied that such Person so applying for Admission had actually and really been and continued with, and had been employed as Pupil by such practising Barrister or Special Pleader as aforesaid (but not otherwise) , to admit such Person as Attorney or Solicitor, in like manner as is now done in cases where the Clerk has served Part of the Term of his Clerkship with the Agent of the Person to whom he has been bound.

III. And Whereas an Act was made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the belter Regulation of Public Notaries in England Be it enacted, That nothing in the said Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Registrars or Solicitors of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge or to the Steward or Solicitors of any College or Hall within the said Universities or to the Chapter Clerk of any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, acting only as such Registrars, Solicitors, Stewards or Chapter Clerks.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to any Person who shall have takgi or shall take such Degree of Bachelor of Arts, unless such Person shall have taken or shall take such Degree within Six Years next after the Day when such Person shall have been or shall be first matriculated in the said Universities respectively; nor to any Person who shall take or shall have taken such Degree of Bachelor of Law within Eight Years after such Matriculation; nor to any Person who shall be bound, by Contract in Writing, to serve as a Clerk to any Attorney, Solicitor or Six Clerk, under the Provisions of this Act, unless such Person Shall be so bound within Four Years next after the Day when such Person shall have taken such Degree.

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for making further Regulations in respect to the Payment by Remittance Bill of the Wages of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in the Royal Navy; and for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His late Majesty, relating to the Execution of Letters of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, in His Majesty's Navy.

[8th June 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy> and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages, and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such PaymenU; and by another Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

CU9.

107

c. 67.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George

the Second\ intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen employed in the Royal Navy, and for establishing a regular Method for the punctual, frequent and certain Payment of their Wages and for enabling them more easily and readily to remit the same for the Support of their Wives and Families and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending such Payments, and for further extending the Benefits thereof to Petty Officers and Sea-

men, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, serving or toho may have served on board any of His Majesty's Ships;

and by another Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for extending certain 32 ^-3 *

Acts therein mentioned to Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Com- *lf

missioned Officers of Marines and Marines, serving or who may have served on Board any <rf His Majesty's Ships and residing in Ireland; Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines in His Majesty's Navy, are enabled to cause Payment of their Wages to be made in the cases in those Acts mentioned to their Wives and Relations by Remittance Bills; but Doubts have been entertained whether the said Acts authorise Payment by such Bills to such Petty Officers, Seamen,

Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines themselves,

when discharged or paid off from His Majesty's Service; and it is expedient to remove such Doubts and to alter the Form of Remittance Bills hitherto used in such cases Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, such Petty Officers and Seamen, Non Commissioned Officers P^lX?fficef of Marines and Marines, shall and may be enabled and empowered to obtain Payment of their Wages by Remittance Bill pay^nt of or Bills to themselves or to their Wives or Relations, as provided their Wages by by the said Acts, whether they, such Petty Officers and Seamen, Remittance Non Commissioned Officers of Marines and Marines, be still serving Bill? Whethw His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or discharged or paid or *

off from the Service; which said Remittance Bills shall be in the following Form, or to the like Effect:

By virtue of the Act, Second George the Fourth, Chapter 4 No.

Day of

Sir,

1>AY to of

on producing and delivering the Duplicate hereof the Sum of being on Account of the

Wages of belonging

to His Majesty's Ship the if the same De demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, 4 otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Treasurer of the Navy, at the Pay Office of the Navy, London.

Form of Remittance Bill.

To

108

C. 49.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Provisions of 55 G. 3. c. 60. Applicable to

The Receiver General of the Land Tax in the County of

The Collector of the Customs at the Port of

The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Treasurer of the Navy at

(Signed) Commissioner of the Navy *

(Attested) Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy.

N.B.  The personating or falsely assuming or pro-

curing any other to personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of any inferior Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, or the Wife or Relation, Executor,

Administrator or Creditor of any such Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, in order to receive the Wages due to such Officer or Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the 55th George the Third, Cap. 60.

The Officer to whom the aforegoing Bill is addressed is directed by the above mentioned Acts of Parliament to examine the Duplicate thereof when presented, and enquire into the Truth by the Oath of the Person presenting the same, and being satisfied, he is to testify to that Purpose upon the Back of the Bill, and pay the Amount without Fee or Reward; but if he shall not be able to pay the Amount from not having Public Money sufficient in his Hands, he shall note the Cause of his refusing Payment, and shall appoint another Day, within One Month at farthest from that Time, and shall deliver back the Bill so 1 noted to the Person presenting it; and if, upon Complaint to the Commissioners of the Board of Revenue on whose Officer such Bill shall have been drawn, it shall appear that such Officer hath unnecessarily delayed Payment, taken any Fee or made any deduction whatsoever, he shall be fined in a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

fTo be paid out of Money received by the Right Navy Office, i Honourable the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy (.for the Payment of Seamen's Wages.

T HAVE examined the Duplicate hereof, and enquired into the Truth of it, on the Oath of, and am

satisfied that is the real Person mentioned therein.

Dated at this

Day of . Collector. '

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Enactments, Provisions, Clauses, Regulations, Powers, Authorities,

Pains,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 49.

109

Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained in an Act passed in Remittance the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled Bill* extended An Act to repeal several Acts relating to the Execution of Letters to Act* of Attorney and Wills of Petty Officers, Seamen and Marines, r

His Majesty Navy, and to make new Provisions respecting the samet applicable to the Remittance Bills in that Act mentioned, shall be deemed and taken, and the same are hereby declared to be applicable to the Remittance Bills authorised by this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were repeated in this Act.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions in the said last mentioned Act should be extended to the cases hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Procuring Per-Person or Persons shall cause or procure any other Person to sign ons to sign or or subscribe or utter or publish any such false Petition or Appli- ut.tcr , false Ap-cation to the Treasurer or Paymaster of His Majesty's Navy for xi^urer or the time being, as is mentioned in the said last mentioned Act, for paymasJr Qf any of the Purposes mentioned in that Act; or if any Person or Navy, or to Persons shall cause or procure any other Person to demand or apply for Pay, receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other &c. on false Allowance of Money, due or supposed to be due for or in respect x^swortition of the Services of any such Petty Officer or Seaman, Non Com- for seven Years, missioned Officer of Marines or Marine, upon or by virtue of any Certificate from the Inspector of Seamen's Wills or his Assistant, knowing such Certificate to have been obtained by false Representations or Pretences; every such Person shall, on being convicted of any such Offence in due Form of Law, be transported beyond the Seas for the Term of Seven Years, in like Manner as Persons convicted of Felony are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Procuring shall cause or procure any other Person to utter or publish as other* * utter true, any false, forged, counterfeited or altered Letter of Attorney, 0fAtmrne^&c Bill, Ticket, Certificate purporting to be a Certificate from the In- or to a\y for spector of Seamen's Wills and Powers or his Assistant, Assignment, Pay on Pro-Last Will or other Power or Authority whatsoever mentioned in bate* of forged that Act, for the Purpose and with the Intention therein also WlUs &c. mentioned, knowing the same to be false, forged, counterfeited or altered; or shall cause or procure any other Person to demand or receive any Wages, Pay, Prize Money, Bounty Money or other Allowances of Money, due or supposed to be due for or in respect of the Services of any such Petty Officer, Seaman, Non Commissioned Officer of Marines or Marine or other Person, as in that Act mentioned, performed or supposed to have been performed on board any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, upon or by virtue of any Probate of any Will or Letters of Administration, knowing the Will on which such Probate shall have been obtained to be false, forged and counterfeited, or knowing the Probate of such Will or such Letters of Administration as last aforesaid to have . been obtained by means of any such false Oath as in that Act mentioned, with the Intention therein also mentioned; every such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted according to due Course of Law, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy. De*tb#

.11.0

, C. 5<L

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 182*1

59 G. 3. c, 36. I IK

Certain Parts of recited Act repealed.

With what Materials Bread may be made and sold.

53G.S. c. 116.

Assise Bread and Priced

CAP. L.

An act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An act to regulate the Making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Assize is set; and for establishing other Provisions and Regulations relative thereto.

[8th June 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal certain Acts now in force for regulating the Making and Sale of Bread out of the City of London, and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, where no Assize is set; and for establishing other Provisions and Regulations relative thereto: And Whereas it is deemed expedient that the said recited Act, so far as the same relates to the Weight of Bread, and to the Punishment of Bakers or Sellers of Bread, who shall sell the same deficient in its due Weight, should be repealed, and that more effectual Provisions should be established for punishing Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour or Bread But as such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, so far as the same relates to the Weight of Bread, and to the Punishment of Bakers or Sellers of Bread who shall sell the same deficient in its due Weight, be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to make, bake, sell and expose for sale any Bread made of Flour or Meal of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buckwheat, Indian Corn, Peas, Beans, Rice and every other "Kind of Grain whatsoever, and Potatoes, or any of them, and with any common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Yeast, Barm, Leven and Potatoe Yeast, and mixed in such Proportions as the Makers or Sellers of Bread shall think fit; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That although no Assize of Bread shall be set in pursuance of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend Ttvo Acts of the Thirty first Year of King George the Second, and the Thirteenth Year of His late Majesty, so far as relates to the Price and Assize of Bread to be sold out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange; no Loaf or

A.D. 1821.

2* GEO. IV. C. 5<k

111

Loaves of Bread, called or deemed Assize Loaf or Loaves in the Tables of the Assize and Price of Bread annexed to the said last mentioned Act and referred to, and the Weight of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall be made for Sale, sold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or be allowed to be sold where any Loaf or I/oaves of the Bread called or deemed Priced Loaf or Loaves, in the Tables of the Assize and Price of Bread in and by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty enacted and referred to, and the Price of which varies according to the Variation in the Price of Grain, shall at the same time be made for sale, or be allowed to be sold; (that is to sav,) no Assize Loaves of the Price of Three Pence, and Priced Loaves called Quartern Loaves; nor Assize Loaves of the Price of Sixpence, and Priced Loaves called Quartern Loaves; nor Assize Loaves of the Price of Twelve Pence, and Priced Loaves called Half Peck Loaves; nor Assize Loaves of the Price of Eighteen Pence, and Priced Loaves called Peck Loaves, shall at the same time be made for Sale, sold or carried out for Sale, or be offered or exposed to or for Sale, or allowed to be sold by any Baker or other Seller of Bread, in his, her or their Shop, Dwelling House or Premises, that unwary Persons may not be imposed upon and injured by buying Assize Loaves, referred to in the said Tables, as or for Priced Loaves so referred to in the said Tables, or by buying such Priced Loaves as or for such Assize Loaves; and every Person who shall offend therein, and be convicted of any such Offence in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall from time to time adjudge and determine.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons making or who shall make Bread for Sale out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Person or Persons as last mentioned, shall at any time or times, in the making of Bread for Sale, put any Alum, or Preparation or Mixture in which Alum shall be an Ingredient, or any other Preparation or Mixture in lieu of Alum, into the Dough of such Bread, or in anywise use or cause to be used any Alum, or any other unwholesome Mixture, Ingredient or Thing whatsoever, in the making of such Bread, or on any Account, or under any Colour or Pretence whatsoever, upon pain that every such Person, whether Master or Journeyman, or other Person, who shall knowingly offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confession, or upon the Oath (or being of the People called Quakers, Affirmation) of one or more Witness or Witnesses, shall on every such Conviction forfeit and pa)' any Sum of Money npt exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, or in Default of Payment thereof, shall, by Warrant, under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be ^convicted, be committed to the House of Correction pr some . Prison

Bread not to be made at the same Time in the same Place.

[Penalty.]

Bakers not to use Alum, & c. in making of Bread for Sale-.

Penalty;

or Imprison* . menu

gle

Offender'* Name may be published.

Expence to be paid out of Penalty. Adulterating Com, Meal or Flour, &c.

[Penalty.]

Loaves made of the Meal of any other Grain than Wheat, to be marked with the Letter (M).

[Penalty.]

Magistrates, or Peace Officers by their Warrants, may

C. 50.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Prison of the City, County, Borough or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any time not exceeding Twelve nor less than Three Calendar Months from the Time of such Coifr-mitment, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices shall think fit to order and direct; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to cause the Offender's Name, Place* of Abode and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed, published or circulated in or near the County, Division, Hiding or District where the Offence shall be committed, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be paid or recovered.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall knowingly put into Corn, Meal or Flour, which shall be ground, dressed, Doited or manufactured for Sale out of the said City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, either at the time of grinding, dressing, bolting or in anywise manufacturing the same, or at any other time or times, any Ingredient, Mixture or thing whatsoever, or shall knowingly sell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Grain, as or for the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Grain, or any Thing as or for or mixed with the Meal or Flour of any Grain which shall not be the real and genuine Meal or Flour of the Grain the same shall import to be and ought to be, upon pain that every Person who shall offend in the Premises, and shall be thereof convicted in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, shall think fit, or order and direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Loaf of every Sort of Bread, made of the Meal or FJour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall be made for Sale, or he sold, carried out, offered or exposed in anywise to or for Sale, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bilk of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall be marked with a large Roman (M); and that every Person who shall make for sale, sell, offer or expose to or for Sale, any Loaf of any such sort of Bread, which shall be made of the Meal or Flour of any other Grain than Wheat, which shall not be marked as hereinbefore directed, shall for every time he, she or they shall so offend in the Premises, and be thereof convicted in manner hereinafter directed, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for every Loaf of such Bread which shall not be so marked, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Person shall be convicted, shall from time to time adjudge and determine.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers of any Parish or Place where any Miller, Mealman

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 50. 113.

or Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain, or dress or search Baker*' bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale out of the *>rc, ni5es; City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to grant, at seasonable times in the Day, to enter into any House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Bolting House, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse or Ground of or belonging to any Miller, Mealman or Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain, or dress or bolt Meal or Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale, as aforesaid, and to take with him or them, to his or their Assistance, one or more Master Miller, Mealman or Baker, Millerg,

Mealmen or Bakers, and to search or examine whether any Mixture, Ingredient or Thing, not the genuine Produce of thp Grain such Meal or Flour shall import or ought to be, shall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal or Flour in the Possession of such Miller, Mealman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall be in anywise adulterated, or whether any Alum or other Ingredient shall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the Possession of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Dough or Bread is or shall be in anywise adulterated, and also to search for Alum or any other Ingredient, which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any such Search it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, so found, shall have been so adulterated by the Person in whose Possession it shall then be, or any Alum or other Ingredient shall be found, which shall seem to have been deposited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid respectively, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to seize and may seise and take any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which shall be found adulterated in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated, and Meal>&c all Alum and other Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid; and such Part thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officers authorized as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to some Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of whose Jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized; and if which being ad-any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall authorize any such Seizure to be made in pursuance of this Act, dispo^of a or to whom any thing so seized under the Authority of this Act Magistrates shall be brought, shall adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough may think or Bread so seized, has been adulterated by any unwholesome or proper, improper Mixture or Ingredient put therein, or shall adjudge that any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid have been deposited or kept where so found, for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, then and in any sUcn case,

1 & 2 Geo. IV. I awry

114

C. 50.

1 & GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Bakers with whom Ingredients for Adulteration shall be found.

Penalty;

or imprisonment.

Proviso, where found that Alum, &c. was not meant to be soused.

Obstructing Search for adulterated Meal, &c.

every Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to dispose of the same as he or they in his or their Discretion shall from time to time think proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Mealman or Baker out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, in whose House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Bolting House, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse, Ground or Possession, any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall, after due Examination, be adjudged by any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have been deposited there for the Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid of One <or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and p6y on every such Conviction any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty nor less than Five Pounds; or in Default of Payment thereof shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands. and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the City, County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twelve nor less than Three Calendar Months from the Time of such Commitment, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order; unless the Party or Parties charged with any such Offence shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture shall be brought, that such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture was not nor were brought or lodged where the same was or were found or seized with any Design or Intent to have been put into any Meal, Flour or Bread, or to have adulterated therewith the Purity of any Meal, Flour or Bread, but that the same was or were in the Place or Places in which the same shall have been so found or seized as aforesaid, for some other lawful Purpose; and that it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed, published or circulated in or near the County, Division, Riding or District where the said Offence shall be committed, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, if any shall be paid or recovered.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as hereinbefore is authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or of any Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture, which shall be found on any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Whole-somenese of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or shall wilfully

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. SO.

11 *

Bakers to keep proper Weights.

oppose or resist any such Search being made, or the carrying away toy Such Alum or other Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which shall be seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this Act, he, she or they so doing or offending in any of the cases last aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay such Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Fifty Penalty. Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order and direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Baker and Seller f Bread shall cause to be fixed in some convenient Part of his or her Shop a Beam and Scales with proper Weights, in order that every Person or Persons who may purchase any Bread of any such Baker or Seller of Bread, may, if he, she or they shall think proper, require the same to be weighed in his, her or their Pre-. sence; and that if any Baker or Seller of Bread, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales in some convenient Fart of his or her Shop, or to provide and keep for Use proper Weights, or whose Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight, or who shall refuse to weigh any Bread purchased in his or her Shop, in the Presence of the Party or Parties requiring the same, he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Twenty Shillings, as the Penalty. Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall order and direct.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Master,

Mistress, Journeyman or other Person respectively exercising or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker, out of the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, shall on the Lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, or any Part thereof, make or bake any Household or other Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, or shall on any Part of the said Day sell or expose to Sale, or permit or suffer to be sold or exposed to Sale, any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind, except to Travellers, or in cases of urgent Necessity; or bake or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding,

Pie, Tart or Victuals at any Time after Half past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, or in any other Manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, save and except as aforesaid, and also save and except so far as may be necessary in setting and superintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's Baking; and that no Meat, Pudding, Pie,

Tart or Victuals shall be brought to or taken from any Bakehouse during the Time of Divine Service in the Church, Parish,

Hamlet or Place where the same is situate, nor within One Quarter of an Hour of the Time of Commencement thereof; and Offending, every Person offending against the foregoing Regulations, or any one or more of them, and being thereof convicted before any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justice* of the Peace of


Regulations m to baking, See. on Sundays.

[Penalty.]

First, Second and subsequent Offences.

Allowance to Prosecutors.

Distress for Penalty.

Miller, Baker, &c. acting as Justice in the Execution of this Act.

Penalty 50l.

C. 50. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

the City, County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, within Two Days from the Commission thereof, either upon the View of such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the -Peace, or on Confession by the Party, or Proof by One or more Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay and undergo the Forfeiture, Penalty and Punishment hereinafter mentioned; (that 19 to say,) for the First Offence the Penalty of Five Shillings, for the Second Offence the Penalty of Ten Shillings, and for the Third and every subsequent Offence respectively, the Penalty of Twenty Shillings; and shall moreover, on every such Conviction, bear and pay the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution, such Costs and Expences to be assessed, settled and ascertained by the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace convicting; and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace shall think proper, to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, for Loss of Time in instituting and following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for his and their own Use and Benefit; and the Residue of such Penalty to be paid to such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, and within Seven Days after his or their Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him or ftem to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Costs and Expences as aforesaid, be not paid within three Days after the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall and may, by Warrant under their respective Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, direct the same to be levied and raised by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any; or in Default or Insufficiency of such Distress, to commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, on a First Offence, for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, and on the Second or any subsequent Offence for any Time not exceeding Twenty* one Days, unless the whole of the Penalty, Costs and Expences be sooner paid and discharged.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Mealman or Baker, Com Merchant or Dealer in Com or Flour, shall be capable of acting or shall be allowed to act as a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace under this Act or in putting in Execution any of the Powers in or by this Act granted; and if any Miller, Mealman or Baker shall presume so to do, he or they so offending in the Premises, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And for the better and more easy Recovery of the several Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred under this Act, and the

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.C. 50.

117

Powers herein contained; Be it further enacted, That it shall and All Offence* may be lawful for the Mayor, or any Alderman of any City, and against this to and for any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, or any of them, within their respective Counties, Divisions, Cities, mar^ waVuin* Towns Corporate, Liberties or Jurisdictions, beyond the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and beyond the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, to hear and determine in a summary Way all Offences committed against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and for that Purpose to summon before them, or any of them, within their respective Jurisdictions, any Party or Parties accused of being an Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and Party accused in case the Party accused shall not appear on such Summons, or not appearing offer some reasonable Excuse for his Default, then upon Oath or on Affirmation as aforesaid, by any credible Witness or Witnesses, of herritar.appreany Offence committed contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, any such Magistrate or Justice shall issue his Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Offender or Offenders, within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Justice; and upon the Appearance of any Party or Parties accused, or in case lie, she or they shall not appear, on Notice being given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their usual Place of Abode; or if he,

he or they cannot be apprehended on a Warrant granted against him, her or them, as is hereinbefore directed, then and in every *uch Case, any such Magistrate or Justice is and are hereby au- proceedings by thorized and required to proceed to make Inquiry touching the Magistrate. Matters complained of, and to examine any Witness or Witnesses who shall be offered on either side, on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and which Oath and Affirmation every such Magistrate and Justice is and are hereby authorized and required to admi- '

nister; and after hearing the Parties who shall appear, and the Witnesses who shall be offered on either side, such Magistrate or Justice shall convict or acquit the Party or Parties accused; and if Penalty not if the Penalty or Money forfeited on any such Conviction shall paid, not be paid within the Space of Twenty four Hours after any such Conviction, every such Magistrate or Justice shall thereupon issue a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, directed-to any Peace Officer or Officers within their respective Jurisdictions, and thereby require him or them to make distress of the Goods or Chattels of the Offender or Offenders within such their respective Jurisdictions, to satisfy such Penalty or Money forfeited, and the Costs of the Prosecution and Distress; and if any Offender should Distress, convey away his Goods out of the Jurisdiction of any such Magis- If Offender trate or Justice before whom he or she was convicted, or so much carry "'ay thereof that the Penalty or Money forfeited cannot be levied, Goods'&c* then some Magistrate or Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offender shall have removed his Goods, shall back the Warrant granted by any such Magistrate or Justice as aforesaid, and thereupon the Penalty forfeited shall be levied on the Offender's Goods and Chattels by Distress and Sale; and if within Five Days from Penaltie* levied the Distress being taken, the Penalty or Money forfeited, and by Distress Costs, shall not be paid, the Goods seized shall be appraised and "d sold, rendering the Overplus (if any) , after deducting the Penalty or Forfeitures, and the Costs and Charges of the Prosecution,

Distresr

118

C. 50.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

If no Distress,

Offender imprisoned.

A pplication of Penalties.

Power to summon Witnesses.

Witnesses refusing, &c. to attend, or to be examined, (Expences being paid or tendered,)

Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof, which Charges shall be ascertained by the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall have been so convicted, or by the Magistrate or Justice who backed the Warrant if then alive, and if not, by some other Magistrate or Justice of the City, County, Division or Place, in which the Offender shall have been convicted, on Application for that Purpose, to be made to any such Magistrate or Justice; and for want of such Distress, then every such Magistrate or Justice, within whose respective Jurisdiction any such Offender or Offenders shall reside or be, shall, on the Application of any Prosecutor or Prosecutors, and Proof on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid made of the Conviction and Nonpayment of the Penalty and Charges, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County, Division or Place, where such Offender or Offenders shall be found, there to remain for the Space of Two Calendar Months from the Time of such Commitment, unless, after such Commitment, Payment shall be made of the said Penalty or Forfeiture, and Costs and Charges, before the Expiration of the said Two Calendar Months; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be paid, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half shall he paid to the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, and within Seven Days after his or their Receipt thereof, to be transmitted by him or them to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall be committed, there to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall be made out by the Oath (or Affirmation as aforesaid) of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is or are likely to give or offer material Evidence on Behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on Behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and will not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, to he examined, and give his, her or their Evidence upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, concerning the Premises, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Summons to convey every such Witness and Witnesses before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, at such seasonable time or times as in such Summons shall he fixed; and if any Person or Persons 60 summoned shall neglect or refuse to appear (after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Costs, Charges and Expences) at the Time

by such Summons ap for such Neglect or J

and no just excuse shall be offered efusal, then, after Proof upon Oath or Affirmation, as aforesaid, of such Summons having been duly served upon the Party or Parties so summoned, every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant or Warrants, under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, to bring every

A.D. 1821.

C. 50.

119

1 & 2 GEO. IV

such Person or Persons before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of such Person r Persons before such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Justice is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine upon Oath (or Affirmation) every such Witness; and if any such Person or Persons on his, may be comber or their Appearance, or on being brought before any such: mitted* Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath (or Affirmation) concerning the Premises, without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of his or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so refusing to be examined to tire public Prison of the City, County,

Division, Liberty or Place in which the Person or Persons so refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall order and direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Perjury. who shall take any Oath (or Affirmation) by this Act directed to

be taken, or be examined on Oath (or Affirmation) by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, shall wilfully forswear or shall falsely affirm himself, herself or themselves, every such Person or Persons shall be subject and be liable to be prosecuted for Perjury by Indictment or Information, according to due course of Law; and if convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties which Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate or Magis- porm of Con-trates, Justice or Justices, before whom any Person or Persons viction. shall be convicted in Manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause

every such Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or the Effect following; (that is to say,)

BE it remembered, That on this

to wit. Day of in the

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, A.B. is convicted

before Majesty's Justices of the Peace for

the said County of or, for the

Division of the said County of or, for the

City, Liberty or Town, [as the case may be, '] for

and do adjudge him, her or them [a$ the case may be] to forfeit

and pay for the same the Sum of;

Given under Hand and Seal, the Day and Year

aforesaid. '

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari, Letters Conviction not of Advocation or of Suspensation, shall be granted, to remove removeable. any Conviction or other Proceedings had thereon in pursuance of this Act.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Appeal to if any Person or Persons convicted of any Offence punishable by Quarter Ses-this Act, shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the "ons' Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom be, she or they shall have been convicted, such

C. 50.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Find.

Proceedings upon affirming Conviction on Appeal or otherwise.

Limitation of Imprisonment.

If Conviction happen within Six Days before Quarter Sessions, Appeal may be made to

Persons shall have Power from time to time to appeal to the Jus-> tices at the next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town or Place where such Judgment shall have been given, and that the Execution of such Judgment shall in such case be suspended, the Person so convicted entering into a Recognizance at the Time of such Conviction, or within Twenty four Hours after the same shall be made, with Two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices at their said next General or Quarter Sessions; which Recognizance the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be made, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if, upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted, shall be confirmed, such Appellant or Appellants shall immediately, or within Twenty four Hours afterwards, pay down the Sum he, she or *they shall have been adjudged to have forfeited, together with such Costs as the said Justices in their said General or General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in Default of the Appellant's paying the same, any Two Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she or they shall reside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals or his Hand and Seal, commit any such Appellant or Appellants to the Common Gaol of the City, County, Division or Place where he, she or they shall be apprehended, until he, she or they shall make Payment of such Penalty, and of the Costs and Charges which shall be adjudged on the Conviction; but if the Appellant or Appellants in any such Appeal shall make good his, her or their Appeal, and be discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be awarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or Informers who would (in case of such Conviction) have been entitled to a Moiety of the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; and which Costa shall and may be recovered by the i^pellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in like manner as Costs

fiven at any General or General Quarter Sessions are recoverable: rovided always, that no Person shall be detained in Prison for any such Offence for a greater Length of Time than Two Calendar Months.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Conviction shall happen to be made within Six Days before any General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be held for the City, County, Division, Town Corporate, Borough or Place where such Conviction shall have been made, then the

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 50.

121

Party or Parties who shall think him, her or themselves ag- Sessions fol-grieved by any such Conviction, shall and may, on entering into low", S* Recognizance in Manner and for the Purposes before directed, be at liberty to appeal either to the then next or next following General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County, Division, City, Town Cornorate,

Borough, Liberty or Place where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit Limitation of which shall be brought or commenced against any Magistrate or Actions. Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fact committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the City, County or Place where the Matter in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, in- 24 G. 2. c. 44. tituled An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices of the Peace acting under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act; and that no Action or No Action, &ci Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall any Writ be JS?nst issued out or Copy of any Writ be served upon any Peace Officer JJ^8 tl or Officers, for any thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Seven Days after Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intended to commence such Action; which Notice in Writing shall contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the Cause of Action or Complaint; and any Withia which, Peace Officer or Officers shall be at liberty and may, by virtue of this Act, at any Time within Seven Days after any such Notice tender Amends -shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the Attorney named in such Notice; and if the same is not accepted of, the *

Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may Pleaded* plead such Tender in bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced; and if upon Issue joined, on such Tender, the Jury shall find Amends tendered to have been sufficient, they shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such case, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited by '

this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Costs; but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, Co*u.

C. 50#

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 182U

Costs.

In Action for executing Act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Limitation of Prosecutions.

No double Prosecution.

Application of penalties.

Proviso for Rights of the Universities.

or that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants, or any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they shall then give a Verdict for the Plaintiff, and such Damages as they shall think proper; and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Costs against every such Defendant or Defendants.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any other Person or Persons than a Justice, or other Peace Officer, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue Ills, her or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Judgment shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defenddants in every such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for the Recovery of his, her or their Costs.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, unless the Information in order for such Conviction shall be exhibited within Fourteen Days after the Offence committed (except in cases of Perjury); and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Conviction for any Offence done or committed against this Act shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Law.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For* feitures by this Act indicted, the Application of which is not hereinbefore directed, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in manner following; (that is to say,) one Moiety thereof where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted either by his, her or their Confession, or by the Oath (or Affirmation) of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and b paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders, and the other Moiety thereof, or in case there be no such Person informing, then the whole thereof shall go and be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, in such manner as the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall, in his or their Discretion, think fit.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither this Act or any thing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice the ancient Right of Custom of the University of Oxford, or of Cambridge, or either of them, or their or either of their Clerks of the Market, or the Practice within the several Jurisdictions of the said Universities, or either of them, used to sit, ascertain, and appoint the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale within their several

Ji^risdic-

A.D. 1821.

P&2 GEO. IV,

C. 50, 51

123

Jurisdictions; but that they and every of them shall and may severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, set, ascertain and appoint within their several and respective Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale, by any Baker or other Person whatsoever, within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions, and shall and may inquire into and punish any Breach thereof, fully and freely in all respects as they used to do, and as if this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commence-and take Effect from and immediately after One Calendar Month meni of Act. from the passing thereof.

[Public Act.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice

of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LI.

An Act to explain an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for explaining an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

[15th June 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of MG.s. c. 79. 4 the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, 1l.

intituled An Act for explaining an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities, "

it was amongst other Things enacted, that all Mortgages and Securities which by any of His Majesty's Subjects already had been or which, after the passing of the said Act, should be made and executed, in Great Britain, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Saves, Cattle or other Things,

lying and being in the Kingdom of Ireland or in any of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations or Dominions in the West Indies,

or any Estate or Interest therein, to any of His Majesty's Subjecte, for securing the Repayment of the Sums of Money thereon respectively and bon& fide advanced and lent, with Interest for the same, and all Bonds, Covenants and Securities for Payment

of the same Sums of Money and Interest respectively, and all Transfers or Assignments which had been, or which, after the passing of the said Act, should be made and executed in Great Britain, of such Mortgages, Securities or Bonds, to any of His Majestyf8 Subjects, should be as good, valid and effectual,

to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as such Mortgages,

Securities, Bonds, Covenants, Transfers or Assignments would have been if the same had been made and executed in the Kingdom, Island, Plantation, Country or Place where the Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle or other Things men *

tinned and comprised in any such Mortgage, Security, Transfer or Assignment as aforesaid, severally lie or are; and that none of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain should be subject or

12 *

C. 51 *

P & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

12 Ann. stat.2. c. 16.

Securities made in G. B., concerning Lands, &c. in Ireland or the Colonies, to be as valid as if made in the Country where the Property affected is situate.

Proviso as to Liability to Penalties of

liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in the Act made iii the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen (Anne, by receiving or taking Interest for the Sum or Sums of Money really and hond Jide advanced or lent on any such Mortgage, Security, Bond, Covenant, Transfer or Assignment as aforesaid, at the Rate of Interest allowed and established by the Law of the Kingdom, Colony, Plantation, Country or Place wherein the mortgaged Premises respectively lie or are, so as the Interest to be received or taken on any such Mortgages, Bonds, Covenants or Securities, as should be made and executed after the passing of the said Act, should not exceed the Rate of Six Pounds for One* Hundred Pounds for a Year: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained, whether the Provisions and Declarations of the said recited Act extend to the Bonds and Covenants of Third Parties, given as a collateral Security for the Payment in Great Britain, of the Interest for the Sums of Money advanced or lent as therein mentioned; ' For obviating such Doubts, be it declared and enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Mortgages and Securities which by any of His Majesty's Subjects already have been, or after the passing of this Act shall be made and executed in Great Britain, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle or other Things, lying and being in Ireland, or in any of the said Colonies, Plantations or Dominions respectively, or any Estate or Interest therein, to any of His Majesty's Subjects, for securing the Repayment of the Sums of Money thereon respectively really and bona fide advanced and lent, with Interest for the same, whether payable in Great Britain or in the Country, Island, Plantation or Place where the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle or other Things mentioned and comprized in any such Mortgage, Security, Transfer or Assignment as aforesaid, severally lie or are; and all Bond& and Covenants which have been, or which, after the passing of this Act, shall be made and executed in Great Britain, either by the Person borrowing such Sums of Money or by any other Person or Persons, either residing in Great Britain or elsewhere, by way of collateral Security for the Payment of such Interest, and all Transfers and Assignments which have been, or which, after the passing of this Act, shall be made and executed in Great Britain, of such Mortgages, Securities or Bonds to any of His Majesty's Subjects, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as such Mortgages, Securities, Bonds, Covenants, Transfers or Assignments would have been if the same had been made and executed, and the Interest thereon had been made payable, and the Person or Persons entering into such Bonds or Covenants by way of collateral Security, had resided in the Country, Island, Plantation or Place where the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Slaves, Cattle or other Things mentioned and comprised in any such Mortgage, Security, Transfer or Assignment as aforesaid, severally lie or are; and that none of His Majesty's Subjects in Great Britain shall be subject or liable to any of the Penalties or Forfeitures in the said Act made in

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 51, 52i 125

the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, is Ann. stat. 2. by receiving or taking or having received or taken Interest for the c*16-Sum or Sums of Money really and bona fide advanced or lent, or to be advanced or lent, on any such Mortgage, Security, Bond, Covenant, Transfer or Assignment as aforesaid, so as the Interest so to be received or taken do not exceed the Rate of Six Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year; the aforesaid Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LII.

An Act to improve the Land Revenues of the Crown, and of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, and for making Provisions and Regulations for the better Management thereof.

[15th June 1821.]

WHEREAS by virtue of an Act passed in the First Year of i Ann. ut. l.

the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled c. 7.

An Act for the better Support of Her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Croton; and of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 34 G. 3. c. 75.

King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Land Revenue of the Croton, and for the Sale of Fee Farm and other* unimproveable Rents; and ot an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled 48 G. 3. c. 73.

An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Croton of England,

and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, the several Manora, Messuajges, Liands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods, and other Hereditaments belonging to the Crown, and within the Survey of His Majesty's Exchequer, are now demiseable by Lease under the Great Seal of England, or the Exchequer Seal,

for such Terms of Years or other Interests, and subject to such Restrictions, and in such Manner as are therein respectively mentioned; And Whereas special Provisions are contained in an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said 5SG. s. c. 121. 4 late Majesty, intituled An Act for making a more convenient Communication from Mary le bone Park and the Northern Parts of the Metropolis, in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, to Charing Cross, within the Liberty ojf Westminster, and for making a more convenient Sewage for the same, and in an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, 57 ^97.

intituled An Act for ratifying Articles of Agreement entered into bu the Right Honourable Henry Hall Viscount Gage, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and for the better Management and Improvement of the Land Revenues of the Crown, for leasing the Houses, Buildings,

Lands and Hereditaments therein specified: And Whereas certain Leases for long Terms of Years, heretofore granted under the Great Seal, or Exchequer Seal, of Estates belonging to the Crown, and within the Survey of His Majesty's Exchequer,

have lately expired, and other similar Leases are about to expire, and the Estates so fallen in, or about to fall in, or certain Parts thereof, might be advantageously relet for building, or

C. 5*.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, empowered to grant Leases of Crown Lands within the Survey of the Exchequer, for the Terms and subject to the Restrictions directed by former Acts.

1 Ann. c. 7. 84 G.3. c. 75.

1 other Purposes, in small Portions: And Whereas die usual Mode of granting and passing Leases of the Estates of the Crown within the Survey of His Majesty's Exchequer, under the Great

Seal or the Exchequer Seal, is unavoidably attended with

great Delay, Inconvenience and Expence; and it would encourage Builders and other Persons to take Leases and make Improve-

ments on various Parts of such Estates, and thereby promote the Interest of the Crown, if the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, were en* 4 abled to grant Leases thereof in the manner and under the Restrict ions hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by and with the Consent and Approbation >in Writing of the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to be signified by Warrant under the Hand of the said Lord High Treasurer, or under the Hands of any Three or more of such last mentioned Commissioners, from time to time after the passing this Act, and without any other Warrant or Authority, to demise or lease, or previous to any such Demise or Lease, to enter into any Contract or Agreement for the demising or leasing all and every or any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods, Mines, Minerals and other Hereditaments for the time being belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and within the ordering or survey of His Majesty's Exchequer, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Terms, Estates and Interests, at such Rent or Rents, to be reserved and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and for such Fine or Fines, and under and subject to such Covenants, Clauses, Conditions and Restrictions, as the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Mines, Minerals, Woods, and other Hereditaments, or any of them, may or might now be granted or demised under the Great Seal or Exchequer Seal, by virtue of the said recited Acts of the First Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, tod of the Thirty fourth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law, Custom or Usage whatsoever, provided that the Lessee or Lessees in such Leases respectively to be named, do and shall duly execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of the Lease or Leases so to be made to him, her or them respectively; and all such Leases as shall be made pursuant to this Act shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been passed through the Office of the Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer, and all other Offices, according to the usual Practice heretofore observed in passing Leases of the Possessions of the Crown under the Great Seal or Exchequer Seal, tod had been accordingly granted under such Seals, or One of them.

1 & V GEO. IV. C. 52

127

IL Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That Proviso for nothing herein contained shall prejudice, alter or affect the Powers of 1ms-Powers given to the Commissioners for the time being of His UJf Street*1 Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, by the said Acts Act of 53 G. 3. of the Fifty third and Fifty seventh Years of His said late Ma- c. 121. and in jesty's Reign, of demising or leasing, or of contracting or agree* the 57 G. 5. ing to demise or lease, all or any of the Houses, Buildings and c*97* Hereditaments purchased, erected, built, altered, repaired and improved, or to be purchased, erected, built, altered, repaired and improved, under or by virtue of the said last mentioned Acts, or either of them; but nevertheless it is hereby expressly enacted, that subject and without prejudice to such last mentioned Powers, and to any Leases which have been or shall hereafter be granted pursuant thereto, all the said last mentioned Houses, Buildings,

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall be subject and liable to the Powers of leasing hereby vested in the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas the Right Honourable William Cavendish Bentinck, commonly called Lord William Cavendish Bentinck, holds for the Term of his Life, by virtue of Letters Patent, bearing Date the Twenty fifth Day of October, in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the Offices

of Ingrosser of the Great Roll or of the Clerk of the Pipe in the Exchequer, and of Clerk of the Pipe of the same Exchequer,

1 and ot Maker, Writer and Ingrosser of all Leases, Indentures f and Letters Patent of Demise, or Grant of the Possessions of the

Crown made under the Seal of the Court of Exchequer, and of Maker and Writer, and Ingrosser of all Paper Books, and Transcripts of Leases sealed under the Great Seal of Great Britain,

and also certain other Offices mentioned in the said Letters Patent; and in Right of such Offices or some of them, the said Lord William Cavendish Bentinck is entitled to divers Wages, Fees, Allowances, Advantages and Emoluments: And Whereas by the Operation of this Act the Fees and Emoluments

of the said Offices will be considerably reduced, and it is reasonable that a Compensation should be made to the said Lord (William Cavendish Bentinck for the Losses which will be sustained by him in consequence thereof; Be it therefore further

enacted, That a Compensation and Satisfaction shall be made to Compensation the said Lord William Cavendish Bentinck, for the Damages he be made to will sustain by the Operation of this Act, in the Loss, Deprivation or Diminution of the Wages, Fees, Salaries, Allowances, Bentiock Clerk Advantages or Emoluments, heretofore enjoyed by him by virtue of the Pipe, on of his aforesaid Offices, or any of them; the Quantum or Amount Account of the of which Compensation or Satisfaction shall be referred to and Reduction of ascertained by such Person as the Commissioners of His Majesty's hls *ees* Woods, Forests and Land Revenues shall for that Purpose nominate and appoint on the Part of His Majesty, and by such indifferent Person as shall be nominated and appointed on the Part of the said Lord William Cavendish Bentinck; and in case the Referees so to be appointed as aforesaid shall not agree between themselves touching or concerning the Quantum or Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction as aforesaid, then the Quantum

or

C. 52;

I6 k 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

48 G. 3. c. 73.

The Commissioners of Woods, &c. empowered to m&ke Exchanges of Freehold Estates for partial or chattel Interests of equal Value in other Estates,

Or Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction shall be settled, ascertained and determined, by such competent and indifferent Person as the said respective Referees shall, before they shall respectively proceed to the Consideration of the Mattery so referred to them, by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint to act as Umpire concerning the Premises, and the Judgment and Determination of such Referees or Umpire therein shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Referees and Umpire are hereby respectively empowered to send for Persons and Papers, and to examine Witnesses upon Oath, if necessary, which Oath any One of the Persons so to be nominated a Referee or Umpire as aforesaid is hereby authorized and empowered to administer; and the Amount of such Compensation or Satisfaction, when so ascertained as aforesaid, may be paid by the said Lord High Treasurer, or the said Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, out of the Land Revenues of the Crown, or out of any Monies applicable as Land Revenues of the Crown.

IV. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, Powers were given to the Surveyor General, with the Approbation and Authority of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury, to mak* Exchanges of any Parcel or Parcels of Land belonging to the Crown, in the Survey and ordering of the Exchequer, for Lands of equal or nearly equal Value, in the Manner and under the Regulations therein mentioned: And Whereas such Powers are now vested in and exercised by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues for the Time being, and have been found in many cases to be beneficial; but Doubts have arisen whether any Exchanges can be made, by virtue thereof, of any of the Possessions of the Crown in Perpetuity, for any Messuages, Lands or Hereditaments held by the Persons making the same, for any partial Estate, or for any Term or Terms of Years or Chattel Interest;

and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that such Powers should be extended to authorize the Acceptance on the Part of the Crown of any Messuages, Lands or Hereditaments held by the Person or Persons maxing such Exchanges for any partial Estate, or any Term or Terms of Years,

or Chattel Interest, where the Reversion or Remainder of such Messuages, Lands or Hereditaments expectant on the Determination of such Estate or Interest, shall be either immediately or ultimately in the Crown, in Exchange for any Messuages, 4 Lands, or Hereditaments held by the Crown in Perpetuity; Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, shall have full Power and Authority, with the Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, to convey any of the Possessions of the Crown in England or Wales within the Survey and Ordering of the Exchequer, in Perpetuity or otherwise, in Exchange for any Messuages, Lands or Hereditaments in England or Wales, held by the Person or Persons making the same, for any partial Estate or Interest, or for any Term or Terms of

Years,

A.D. 1821. 1 & GEO. IV. C. 52.

Years, or any Chattel Interest, where the Reversion'or Remainder of such Messuages, Lands or Hereditaments expectant upon the Determination of such partial Estate, Term or Interest, shall be either immediately or ultimately in the Crown; all which Exchanges shall be made and carried into Effect in such or the like Manner, and under such or the like Rules and Regulations, as nearly as Circumstances will admit, as the Exchanges authorized by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year aforesaid are now usually made or carried into Execution; and all Sums of Money to be paid or received for Equality of Exchange, shall be paid, received or applied in like manner as any Monies to be paid or received for the like Purpose upon any Exchanges made under the said Act are now payable or applicable; and all Deeds or other Instruments, by which the same Exchanges shall be effected, or which shall relate thereto, shall be exempt from all Stamp Duties; and, in making such Exchanges, the Lands or Possessions of His Majesty so to be given in Exchange shall be vested in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be conveyed, for such Estate or Estates, Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, as shall be in or by such Deeds or Instruments, or by Reference therein to any other Deeds or Instruments, expressed or declared of and concerning the same; and the Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments to be given or taken in Exchange for the same shall vest in His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be conveyed, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Right of his Crown, for all the Estate, Term, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making the same Exchange, or for so much or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be agreed, contracted or intended to be given, conveyed or assigned to or in Trust for His Majesty, in or upon the Treaty for such Exchange; and all such Exchanges, when so made, shall be good, valid and effectual, any Act or Acts of Parliament, Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And Whereas Doubts have been entertained, whether any Stewards of Courts, Game Keepers, Forestal or other Officers of

any of His Majesty's Hundreds, Manors, Lordships, Forests,

Chases or Warrens, and other Places, can be legally appointed

for or within any such Hundreds, Honors, Manors, Lordships,

Forests, Chases, Warrens or other Places by the Commissioners

for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land

.< Revenues, and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, should be authorised on Behalf of His Majesty to appomt Stewards, Game Keepers and other Officers for and within such Hundreds, Honors,

1 Manors and Lordships, Forests, Chases, Warrens and other

Places in certain Cases; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of any Two of them, from time to time to appoint such Person or Persons as"

- they shall think fit, to be the Steward or Stewards of any Hundreds, Honors, Manors, or Lordships belonging to the Crown, I & 2 Geo. IV.' K _$vithin

129

the. Reversion. whereof is or shall be in the Crow'n.

Deeds free from Stamp Duties and Lands given in Exchange vested accordingly *

Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Sec. empowered to appoint Stewards of His Majesty's Hundreds, Manors, 5u\, and Lame,

C. 52.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 18*1

T30

Keepers and other Officers, in certain Cases;

and to allow Salaries, &c.

Proviso for Right of Appointment of Master Keepers, &c.

Instruments under this Act,

within the Survey of the Exchequer, where Such Offices are" or hereafter shall be vacant, and shall not be in the Appointment of any Grantee of the Crown, to hold and execute such Offices until some Person or Persons shall be appointed thereto by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by the said First Lord Commissioner of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Time being, or until such Appointment shall be revoxed by the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, with full Power and Authority to hold and keep all and singular Hundred Courts, Courts Leet, Views of Frankpledge, Courts Baron and Customary and other Courts within the Limits and Precincts of such Hundreds, Honors, Manors or Lordships respectively, and to do, perform and execute all Things belonging or incident to such Offices; and also from time to time in like manner to appoint such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall think fit, to execute all usual and customary Forestal Offices, and to preserve the Deer, Beasts and Birds of Chase or Warren, and other Game, within any such Hundreds, Manors or Lordships, or any of the Royal Forests, Chases, or Warrens, or the Limits or Precincts thereof, within the Ordering or Survey of the Exchequer, where such Offices are or hereafter shall be vacant, and shall not be in the Appointment of any Grantee of the Crown, and also to preserve the Fish belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in any of the Waters within the Limits or Precincts aforesaid; and on His Majesty's Behalf to grant Licences to any Person or Persons to hunt, hawk, fish and fowl within any of such Hundreds, Honors, Manors, Lordships, Forests, Chases, Warrens and Waters respectively, and the Demesnes thereof and Places thereto adjoining; and to take and kill any such Deer, Beasts or Birds of Chase or Warren; also to take, seize and destroy all unlawful Dogs, Nets, Guns and Engines used for the taking or destroying of Deer, Beasts or Birds of Chase or Warren or other Game and Fish; and the same Appointments and Licences respectively or any of them again at Pleasure to revoke; and also to allow to any of such Stewards, Game Keepers or other Officers respectively, such Salaries, Wages or Emoluments, as the said Commissioners, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury -or any Three or more of them, to be signified by any Warrant of the said Lord High Treasurer or the saujl Lords Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three of them, shall deem an adequate Remuneration for their Care and Trouble in executing the Duties of their respective Offices and Employments; and all such Appointments so to be made as aforesaid shall be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and have such and the like Force and Effect as if the same had been made by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

VI. Provided always, and be- it enacted, That nothing hereinbefore contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to abridge or interfere with the Right of Appointment of Master Keepers, Under Keepers or other Officers, of or in any Royal Forest, so long as such Right shall be vested in any Warden of any such Forest.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Lease, Contract, Deed of Exchange, Appointment, Licence or other Instrument, whidh

shall

A.D. 1821.

C. 52.

131

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

shall be made, granted, entered into or executed, by the Com- exempted frommissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, Sump Duty, under any of the Powers or Authorities hereby granted, nor any Contracts or Agreements, Deeds or other Instruments, which shall be made, entered into or executed by any other Person or Persons, to or with the said Commissioners, for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be subject or liable to any Stamp Duty whatsoever, imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, nor to any Stamp Duty to be imposed by any future Act or Acts of Parliament, unless such Instrument be specially subjected and specifically charged in and by such future Act or Acts of Parliament.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Lease or Deed oT All Leases and Exchange to be executed pursuant to this Act shall be inrolled in I*1* of E- the Office of the Auditor or Auditors of His Majesty's Land Re- ^JJStedTunder venues for the Division or District within which the Premises to this Act, to be which such Demise or Exchange shall respectively relate shall be inrolled in the situate, or if such Premises shall be situate within the Division or Auditor* District of more than one such Auditor, then in the Office of every Office-such Auditor, on Payment of the usual Fees for such Inrolment; and that every such Lease and Deed of Exchange, when so inrolled, shall, without any other Inrolment or Registry thereof, be as good and available in Law, and of the like Force and Effect in all Respects, as if the same had been inrolled in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or as if a Memorial of any such Lease or Deed of Exchange had been entered or registered in the Office or Offices appointed for registering Deeds and other Conveyances of Lands and .Tenements in the County or Counties in which the same Estates, or any of them, shall be situate; any Act of Parliament, Law, Practice or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And Whereas the Theatre, situate on the East Side of the

Hay market y in the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, is erected and stands on V Land belonging to the Crown in the said Parish, and the Lease

under which the same hath been long held hath lately expired, and the said Theatre is now about to be taken down and a new Theatre is erecting in lieu thereof on other Land of the Crown

immediately adjoining thereto, and which will front towards the

said Street in like Manned as the said former Theatre, and it will tend to improve the Access to the said new Theatre, and to promote the Convenience of Persons frequenting the same, if a Co-

lonnade were erected in the Front thereof in lieu of that in

Front of the said Theatre so about to be taken down and re-

moved as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and jJessees of the may be lawful to and for the Lessee or intended Lessee of the new Theatre in Crown of the said new Theatre, to erect, set up and make a Por- the HaymoHcet tico. Colonnade or covered Way, projecting from the front Line e^P^ered to of the said new Theatre and extending over the Foot Pavement or CTect a 0rtIC0, Footway of the said Street along the Front of such new Theatre,

provided such Portico, Colonnade or covered Way does not extend further into the said Street than the Western Extremity of the said Foot Pavement, and be it least Nine Feet broad in the Clear between the Columns, Piers or Supports thereof and the

K 2 front

C.S2.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

ComtYiissioners of His Majesty's Woods, &c. empowered to authorize Lessees to make Gateways into King Street and Vine Street.

front Line or such new Building, and that the same be formedtif Stone, Brick or.Metal or of Stone or Brick covered with Stucco or Cement, except the Joists and Bearers which shall form the Covering over the said Footpath or Footway, and which may be of Wood covered with Plaster or Stucco or other uninflammable Composition, and provided that such Portico, Colonnade or covered Way be so erected and set up under the Authority and with the Licence and Consent of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and upon such Plan and of such Dimensions and with such Architectural Decorations as shall be directed, ordered or approved by them; any thing in any existing Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas the Commissioners for carrying the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty into Execution have, under the Power thereby vested in them, purchased or contracted on His Majesty's Behalf to purchase all or most of the Buildings which were situate between the East Side of Swallow Street and the West Side of King Street, and also several Buildings in and adjacent to Vine Street, and have taken down most of the said Buildings and have appropriated Part of the Sites whereon the same stood to the Formation of the New Street now forming under the said Act, and have, on His Majesty's Behalf, let or contracted to let the Remainder of such Sites or Ground to Persons who are now building several large and commodious Houses thereon; and inasmuch as several of such Buildings have been erected or are intended to be erected with a View to carry on certain Trades or Businesses therein, with Warehouses, Workshops or Outhouses adapted for such Trades, it will be a Convenience to the Persons occupying the same and an advantage JLo that Part of the Estate of the Crown, if Gateways were made from some of the said Premises into King Street aforesaid, and also if a Gateway were made from some of the same Premises into Vine Street aforesaid, so as to afford Access for Carts or other Carriages from or out of the said Streets to such Warehouses or other Buildings; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, on His Majesty's Behalf, to licence and empower such of the Builders or Occupiers of the said Houses or Buildings so erected or erecting or to be erected as aforesaid, as shall be desirous so to do, to open or make any Gateway or Passage from their said Houses and Premises into King Street, and also to open a Gateway or Passage at the South East End of Vine Street aforesaid, facing Little Vine Street, so as to afford Access for Horses, Carts or Carriages from such Streets to the Warehouses or other Buildings belonging* or to belong to the said Houses, so as the Person or Persons to whom such Licences shall be granted be bound or obliged to bear the first Expence of paving the Entrance into such Gateways in a proper Manner, and such Licences shall be and are hereby declared to be good and sufficient Authority for the making such Gateways, taking up, removing and altering the Pavement in Front thereof in the said Streets, and doing all Things requisite thereto, and for the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be

granted,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 5^. 133

panted, his, her or their Executors, ' Administrators or Assigns, to keep and use such Gateways as Accesses to his, her and their Warehouses and Buildings at all Times thereafter, without any other Licence or Authority whatsoever; any thing in any existing Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; saving always to the Committee or other proTiso for Persons who for the time being shall have the Controul of the Rights of Corn-Pavements of the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, all such mittee of Pavc-Powers and Authorities relative to the paving and repairing the ^*ent* ^rSaint said Gateways, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Ob- *

structions therein, as they could or might have had in cose this Act had not been passed.

XI. And Whereas the Commissioners for carrying the said Act of the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty into Execution, did some Time since, in order to encourage Builders and other Persons to take the Ground on the Sides of the said new Street, and to erect Houses and Buildings thereon, contract and agree for and on the Behalf of His Majesty to purchase and redeem the Land Tax charged on all the Houses, Buildings and Grounds belonging to the Crown, situate in the Parish of Saint James, Westminster, which were wanted or were about to be

taken down, removed or used for the Purpose of forming the said new Street, and have since caused most of the Houses or Buildings aforesaid to be taken down, and have set out and appropriated a great Portion or Part of the Ground on which the sam'c 4 stood, to the Formation of the said new Street or public Highway; and, in forming the Line of the said Street, have let some small Portions of the Ground which formed the old Street or public Highway, with Part of the Ground upon which the Land Tax has been so redeemed, to Builders and other Persons who have, in Expectation that the Whole thereof was exonerated from the said Tax, erected and are erecting Houses and Buildings thereon; but doubts hhve arisen whether such Parts or Portions of the said Houses or Buildings as stand upon the Site of the said old Street, and the Builders or Occupiers of the same,

will not now become liable to be charged or assessed to the Payorient of the Land Tax in respect thereof: And Whereas such Portion of the Ground in the said Parish, upon which the Land Tax has been so redeemed, as has been appropriated to the publie Street as aforesaid, greatly exceeds such Portion of the Site of the said old Street or public Highway, as has been so built upon or is intended to be built upon, and it is therefore just and reasonable that the latter should be exonerated from the said Tax in lieu and stead of the Ground so given up to the public.

Use as aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted, That no Part Such Houses or Portion of the Ground situate in the said Parish of Saint James, kuilt *> the new Westminster, which at the Time of the passing the said Act of the ^ant

Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, formed Wesu

Part of any of the public Streets or Highways thereby intended to minster, as are be widened, altered or improved, nor any Houses or other Build- situate on the ings erected or to be erected thereon, nor any Person or Persons Jsoftheold holding or occupying the same for or in respect thereof, shall be liable to be assessed, rated or charged with the said Tax or any xax.

Portion thereof; but shall be wholly freed, exonerated and discharged

C 52

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Rights of Forest and other Rights of the Crown over Lands of Individuals, not appurtenant to any Manor, may be sold to such Individuals.

Application of Purchase Money as if made under 57 G. 3. c. 97.

therefrom, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Ground, Houses or other Buildings had been comprised in the Contract or Contracts made by the said Commissioners for the Redemption of the said Land Tax, in lieu and stead of the Ground which has been so given up to the public Use, and is now made Part of the said new Street as aforesaid.

XII. And Whereas The King's Majesty is seised in Right of His Crown or of His Duchy of Lancaster of certain Rights of Forest, free Chase or free Warren extending over the Lands of Individuals, independent of and not being appurtenant to any existing Manor or Lordship: And Whereas it is expedient, that where the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands over which such Rights extend shall be aesiroutr of purchasing the same, with 4 a View to the Abolition or Extinction of such Rights, the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, and the Chancellor and Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster should be enabled to sell such Forestal and other Rights to such Owners or Proprietors of the said Lands for those Purposes; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Time being of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, where such Lands are within the Survey of the Exchequer, and for the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, where such Lands are within the Survey of the said Duchy, to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands over which any such Rights of Forest, Chase or free Warren, shall or do extend, for the Sale of such Rights or any of them, in order that the same may be abolished and extinguished, and the said Lands for ever freed, exonerated and discharged therefrom, for the' best Prices or Considerations in Money which the said Commissioners or the said Chancellor and Council shall be enabled to procure for the same; and thereupon to sell and convey such Rights of Forest, Chase or free Warren, as shall be so contracted for, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, to the End and Intent that the same may be abolished or extinguished, and the said Lands freed, exonerated and for ever thereafter discharged therefrom; and the Purchase Money to be paid for such of the said Rights as shall extend over any Lands within the Survey of the Exchequer, shall be paid into the Bank of England and placed to the Account of The Public Monies of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, being the Woods and Forests Fund," and shall be laid out and applied from time to time by the Order of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Woods, Forests and Land Revenues, in such and the like manner; and such Rights so sold or contracted to be sold by them, shall be conveyed by such and the like Instruments, and in such and the like form, as nearly as Circumstances will permit, and every such Sale shall be made and completed under the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions, and be to all Intents and Purposes as valid and effectual as if the same had been made under the said Act of the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty; and the Purchase Money to be paid for such of the said Rights as shall extend over any Lands within the Survey of the Duchy of Lancaster, shall from time to time be paid into the Hands of the Re-

A.D. 1821.

135

1* A 2 GEO. IV. C. 52, 53.

ceiver General-of the Revenues of the said Duchy, in the like Manner as the Monies arising from the Sale of Manors and other Property of the said Duchy authorised to be sold by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His said late Majesty, or any Act or Acts thereby referred to, are directed to be paid; and all Sales Sales to b made under this Act by the said Chancellor and Council of the "jfk said Duchy, shall be made in the same Manner and Form, as far as Circumstances will permit, and shall be to all Intents and Pur- 48 G. 3. c. 73. poses as valid and effectual as if the same had been made under &c. the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His said late Majesty, or any Act or Acts thereby referred to; and from and after the Payment of such Purchase Money in Manner aforesaid and the Completion of every such Sale, the Rights so purchased shall cease and be for ever thereafter abolished and extinguished, and be no longer exercised, and the Lands over which such Rights do extend shall be for ever thereafter freed, exonerated and discharged therefrom, as fully and absolutely, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Rights had never existed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and The Purchaser Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors of such Rights respectively, to whom any Sale or Disposition of any such Forestal aPP?int a or other Rights shall be made as aforesaid under or by virtue of amc cepcr* this Act, shall in lieu and stead thereof, at all Times thereafter, have and enjoy full Power and Authority to depute or appoint a Game Keeper or Game Keepers to preserve the Game, and to take and kill Game in, over and upon all or any of the Lands within and over which such Forestal or other Rights as shall be so purchased by him or them as aforesaid dia extend, provided such Lands shall not be locally situate within any existing Manor or Manors; and every such Game Keeper, during the Continuance of his Deputation or Appointment, shall have such and the like Powers and Authorities, Exemption from Penalties, Privileges and Protections, in regard to all Acts by him done in or upon any of the Lands within the Limits of his Deputation or Appointment, and by virtue thereof, and shall obtain such or the like Certificate, and be liable and subject to such and the like Game Duty, and shall register and enter his Deputation or Appointment in the like Deputation to Manner, and be subject to such and the like Rules and Regulations *> registered, as Game Keepers of any Manors or Royalties in England now have or enjoy or are liable or subject to' by any Law, Usage or Act or Acts of Parliament now in force; but nothing herein contained is to or shall extend or be construed to authorise the Appointment of more than One Game Keeper, with Power to take or kill Game within the same Tract or District of Land.

CAP. LIII.

An Act to regulate the Proceedings in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, and also in the Court of Common Pleas, and in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland.

[15th June 1821.]

WHEREAS the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the ' W Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers in the several Courts in Ireland, have lately made Three several Reports

1155

C. 515.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

No Fees to be taken by the Officers of the Courts, except Tipstaffs, &c. under Schedule (E.)

Penalty 5001.

Proviso for Fees of Chancellor of the Exchequer.

Three principal Officers, Prothonotary in King's Bench and Common Pleas, Clerk of Pleas in Exchequer and other Officers, with Salaries as in Schedules (A.) (B.) and (C.) to be ap. pointed by the King by Patent.

ports relating to the Civil Side of the Court of Kings Bench, to 1 the Court of Common Pleas and to the Pleas or Common Law ' Side of the Court of Exchequer respectively, in Ireland; and it 1 appears that it is expedient to regulate the Proceedings in the' ' said several Courts and the several Offices thereof respectively ' as hereinafter is provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Fee whatsoever shall in any case be paid or payable in Ireland to any of the Officers of or in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, or of or in the Court of_Common Pleas, or of or in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, save such Fees as are made payable to any Tipstaff, Pursuivant or Serjeant at Arms, or to the Crier of the said Court of Exchequer, under Schedule (E.) to this Act annexed; and that no Officer, Deputy, Clerk or other Person mentioned in the several Schedules to this Bill annexed, save those mentioned in Schedule (E.) , who shall at any time be employed or act in the Business of the said Courts respectively, or in any Part or Department of the said Business shall, under any Pretence whatsoever, ask, demand, receive or accept any Fee, Perquisite, Emolument, Gratuity, Profit or Advantage whatsoever, for or in respect of the said Business of such Court respectively, contrary to this Act; and if any Person shall offend herein, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be for ever afterwards incapable of holding or of acting in any Office of or in any of the Courts of Law or Equity in Ireland, whether as Principal, Deputy, Clerk or otherwise.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the Chancellor of the Exchequer of Ireland, or to any Fees payable by Law in right or respect of the said Office; but that all such Fees shall remain and continue payable, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not passed; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after tKfe Commencement of this Act there .shall J)e One Prothonotary in the Civil Side of the said Court of King's Bench, One Prothonotary in the Court of Common Pleas, and One Clerk of the Pleas in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, who shall be and be deemed the Principal Officers employed in the Business of the said Courts respectively; and that besides the said Principal Officers respectively, there shall be in each of the said Three Courts One Clerk of the Rules, and One Filacer; and that there shall be in the Court of King's Bench on the Civil Side, and in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, One Clerk of the Writs, and One Clerk of the Appearances; and that there shall be in the Court of Common Pleas, One Clerk of the Pleadings, and One Chirographer; and that all the said several Principal and other Officers shall be entitled to receive the several and respective Salaries in that Behalf set forth in the Schedules marked (A.) (B.) and (C.) to this Act respectively annexed; and

that

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 53.

137

CU'rkn and Assistants to such Officers.

Proviso for Rights of present Judges.

that all the said several principal and other Officers shall be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Ireland; and that all the said principal and other Officers shall be appointed and shall hold their Offices respectively during good Behaviour; and that the said principal and other Officers shall in and for the Discharge of the Duties of their respective Offices, have the Several Clerks and Assistants in the said Schedules (A.) (B.) and (C.) to this Act annexed, in that Behalf respectively set forth; and that such Clerks and Assistants shall be appointed by such Officers respectively, and shall hold their said Situations respectively for and during the Pleasure of such Officers respectively by whom they were appointed; and that the said Officers shall at all times be responsible for the Conduct of their said Clerks and Assistants respectively; and that there shall be paid and payable to the said Clerks and Assistants respectively the several Salaries in that Behalf respectively set forth in the said Schedules.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect or conclude the Claim, Right or Title of any of the existing Judges to the Appointment of any of the Offices hereinbefore mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Officers to em> to and for every Officer of the said Courts respectively, and he is ploy fit Persons hereby required to retain and employ in his Office such Number for copying, of fitting and competent Persons as shall be necessary to do the

Business of writing, copying and engrossing in every such Office respectively.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Officer shall appoint or employ as his Clerk or Assistant in any of the Capacities mentioned in the said Schedules (A.) (B.) and (C.) to this Act annexed, any Person who shall hold or enjoy any other Office,

Place or Employment in the said Courts or any of them, or who shall act as Clerk or Assistant to any other Officer in the said Courts, or any of them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That there shall also be in the said Courts respectively One Crier to each of the said Three Courts, One Seal Keeper and Registrar of Attornies' Licences in the Court of King's Bench, One Seal Keeper and Registrar of Attornies' Licences in thejCourt of Common Pleas, and also One Clerk of the Juries, One (9erk of Errors and Essoigns, and soigns, and One Clerk of Outlawries in the Court of Common Pleas, who Clerk of Out-shall be appointed to and shall hold their said Offices as heretofore , c*p *

respectively; and that the said Officers shall respectively receive such Salaries in respect* of the said several Offices as are re- Tipstaffs, &c. spectively mentioned and set forth in the Schedule marked (D.) to ' " this Act annexed; and that there shall be in the said Three Courts respectively, Tipstaffs, Pursuivants and Serjeants at Arms, who shall be appointed to and shall hold their said Offices as heretofore respectively, and shall be entitled and authorized to receive the Pees set forth in the Schedule marked (E.) annexed to this Act. '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person, who at any time after the passing of this Act shall be appointed to any Office in any of the said several* Courts, to hold or exercise the Duties of any other Office or Place whatsoever; provided

Clerks and Assistants to hold only One Office.

Crier to each Court, Seal Keeper, &c. in K.B. and CP. Clerk of Juries, Enron and Es-

with Fees as in Sched. (E.)

Officen not to hold any ether Office, except Clerk of Juries.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Schedules deemed Part of this Act.

Salaries to be paid Quarterly out of Consolidated Fund;

and* also Expences of Copying Clerks, Coals, Candles, Stationery, &c. on Certificate of Two Judges.

vided always, that the Offices of Clerk of the Errors and Essoigns, and Clerk of Outlawries in the Common Pleas, may be held by the Clerk of the Juries in the same Court.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Schedules to this Act annexed, and all Directions, Matters and Things in the said Schedules respectively contained, shall be deemed and taken to be Part of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said several Salaries in the said Schedules respectively set forth as aforesaid, shall be payable from time to time out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and that the said Salaries respectively shall be payable Quarterly on the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, and Tenth Day of October in every Year; and that for Provision for the necessary incidental Expences in each Court, there shall also be payable in like Manner out of the same Fund, to the Prothonotaries in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, and in the Court of Common Pleas, and to the Clerk of the Common Pleas in the said Court of Pleas in the Exchequer, being the Three Principal Officers to be employed in the Business of the said Courts respectively, on each and every of the said Days, such Sum as shall in each and every Quarter be certified in Writing under the Hands of not less than Two Judges of the Court respectively to which such principal Officers belong, to have been necessarily incurred as and for the Costs of the Clerks employed in writing, engrossing and copying in the Offices of the said Courts respectively as aforesaid, and as and for the Expences of Coals, Candles and all other Expences of the said several Offices in the said Courts, and in the several Chambers of the said Courts respectively, including therein the Remuneration of the Court Keeper, not exceeding Fifty Pounds yearly, and of such Stationery as shall be requisite for the Purposes of the said Offices and Chambers respectively, and which shall not be delivered out to Individuals; and every such Certificate shall be given on an Examination on Oath of the principal Officer of each Department in or for which any such Ptwment shall be required, and of such other Person or Persons, if any, as such Judges respectively shall think proper, or as shall be produced before them for that Purpose.

XI. And Whereas the Office of Prothonotary and Filacer, and Keeper of the Writs, Processes. Rules, Orders and Records in the Civil Side of the Court of%ing*s Bench, is now holden and possessed by the Right Honourable Henry Seymour Conxoay,

commonly called Lord Henry Seymour Conxvay, and by Robert Seymour Conxoay, commonly called Lord Robert Seymour Conxoay, having been granted to them for and during the Term of their natural Lives, and the Life of the Survive* of them; and the Office of Prothonotary of the Court of Common Pleas is now holden and possessed by the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Northland and the Honourable Vesey Knox, having been granted to them for and during the Term of their natural Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them; and the Office of Filacer and Exigenter of the said Court of Common Pleas is now holden and possessed by the Honourable Daniel Toler, Enquire:

And Whereas the several Duties of the said respective Offices have, been hitherto discharged by Deputies, and it is expedient

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 53.

139

that the Duties of the said Offices should hereafter be discharged , x by Persons actually holding such Offices Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the commencement of this Act, the several The Rights of and respective Rights of the said Henry Seymour Conway and *jje Preaent Robert Seymour Conway, Thomas Lord Viscount Northland and t^offirosof Vesey Knox and Daniel Toler, of, in and to the said Offices re- Prothonotary, spectively, shall severally cease and determine; and that they, the &c. in K. B. said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Seymour Conway, shall and C.P., and receive during the Term of their natural Lives, and the Survivor placer and of them shall receive during the Term of his natural Life, and the c.^R^shaU1* said Thomas Lord Viscount Northland and Vesey Knox shall re- c^'and Com-ceive during the Term of their natural Lives, and the Survivor of pensation be them shall receive during the Term of his natural Life, and the made to them, said Daniel Toler shall receive during the Term of his natural Life,

the several Allowances in that Behalf hereinafter provided, in Compensation and Consideration of the Loss incurred by them respectively, by the ceasing and determining of their several Rights in the said Offices respectively.

XII. And for the ascertaining the Amount of the Allowance and Compensation to be made to the said present Holders of the

said last mentioned Offices, upon the ceasing and determining of f their Rights in the said Offices respectively as aforesaid Be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners' appointed How annual to inquire into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Amount of Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal and Ecclesiastical

Courts in Ireland, and the said Commissioners are hereby au- ascer-thorized and required to make Inquiry into the Salaries and Emolu- tained and ments of the said Office of Prothonotary and Filacer and Keeper of certified by the Writs, Processes, Rules, Orders and Records in the Civil Side of the said Court of King's Bench, and of the said Office of Pro-  In<lm, Tr# thonotary of the said Court of Common Pleas, and of the said Offices of Filacer and Exigenter of the said Court of Common Pleas, and to ascertain the Annual Amount of the Salaries and Emoluments of the said Offices respectively, upon the Average of the Seven Years next preceding the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, or upon the Average of the Seven Years next preceding such Day prior to the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, up to which the last Account of the Emoluments of the said several Offices shall have been settled by the said Officers respectively, including out of such Average all such Emoluments and Income as shall appear, according to the best Judgment that the said Commissioners can form thereof, to have arisen from any new Fees or from an Increase of Fees not arising from an Increase of Business, introduced subsequent to the Appointment of the present Holders of the said Offices,

respectively, or from any Fees or any Increase of Fees which may i

have been introduced within Twenty Years prior to the Commencement of this Act, or from any Fees of right belonging to any other Officer, or from any Fees which may have been demanded or received contrary to the Provisions of any Act of Parliament, or in anyway contrary to Law; and for that Purpose and for the Purpose Commissioners of every Inquiry which they are directed or authorized by this Act may examine to make, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of upon llhi Inquiry for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and required

C. 53.

rat 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

and certify.

Proviso as to an Allowance of $OOL. per Annum paid by Prothonotaries of King's Bench to Thomas Church.

Amount of Compensation to be paid to each Officer during his Life.

to examine upon Oath all Parties interested in every such Inquiry, and also all such other Persons as shall be produced be- . fore them the said Commissioners, or as they shall tljink proper to require, and whom they are hereby respectively empowered to summon, together with all such Accounts, Books and Vouchers, as the said Commissioners shall call for; and the said Commissioners of Inquiry for the time being, or any Three of them, shall thereupon certify, under their Hands and Seals, the Amount of the yearly Income of every such Officer, on the Average of the said Seven Years, as reduced by the Exclusion of such Emoluments as aforesaid, and also by the Exclusion of all such Part, Share or Proportion of the Fees or Profits remaining after such Reduction as shall, during the said Period of Seven Years, have been paid to or received or retained by or on Behalf of the Deputies or Clerks of the said Offices respectively, and also by the Exclusion of all Disbursements and other Deductions whatever, (except in the case hereinafter mentioned and provided for,) so as to state only the net Annual Income of the said Offices respectively, on the Average of the said Seven Years, according to the said Mode of estimating the same; and-the said Certificate shall contain a Statement of the particular Fees, Profits and Emoluments on which such Averages shall have been taken as aforesaid, and also of the Fees, Profits and Emoluments heretofore received, which shall be excluded from such Averages, and the said Certificate shall be filed in the Office of the Auditor General in Dublin Castle, without any Fee being paid for the same, and shall remain there as a Record.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a certain yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds, which has been for several Years paid out of the Emoluments of the said Office of the said Prothonotary of the Court of King's Bench to Thomas Church, by the Bounty of the said Lords Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Seymour Con -way, and which will continue to be paid to the said Thomas Church in manner hereinafter mentioned, shall not be deducted out of the Annual Income of such Office received during the said Seven Years, as a Disbursement under the Meaning of this Act; but that the, said yearly Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall be considered as forming Part of the Annual Income of the said Office, payable to the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Seymour Conway, and shall be included by the said Commissioners of Inquiry in the Amount of the net average Annual Income of the said Office, to be certified by the said Commissioners in manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the filing of the said Certificate of the said Commissioners of Inquiry, there shall be issued and paid and payable to the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Seymour Conway, and to the Survivor of them, in respect of the said Offices of Prothonotary and Filacer and Keeper of the Writs, Processes, Rules, Orders and Records of the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench; and to the said*Thomas Viscount Northland and Vesey Knoxy and to the Survivor of them, in respect of the said Office of Prothonotary of the said Court of Common Pleas; and to the said Daniel Toler, in respect of the said Office of Filacer and Exigenter of the said Court of Common Pleas, and to their Assigns respectively, yearly and every Year during the Term of the respective natural Lives of the said Persons

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 53.

141

A.D. 1821.

respectively, and according to the Rights and Titles of such Persons respectively, unless Parliament shall otherwise provide in manner hereinafter set forth, out of and charged and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland ', a Sum equal to the Sum which shall be so ascertained by such Certificate to be the net Annual Amount of the Income and Emoluments of each of the said Offices respectively, in full of all Compensation under this Act; and such Annual Sums, unless any Parliamentary Provision to the contrary be made as hereinafter mentioned, shall be paid and payable to all and every such Persons and Person, and their and nis Assigns, during the Term of the several natural Lives of all and every such Persons and Person, and according to the Rights and Titles of such Persons respectively, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in each and every Payable Year, free and clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, on Quarterly, the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year; the first Payment thereof to become due on the Fifth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, together with a rateable Proportion of such Sum as may become due on the said Account during the Interval between the Commencement of this Act and the said Fifth Day of October, but mot to be paid until after the filing of the said Certificate; and also such Proportion of any such Quarterly Payments as at the Time of the Decease of any such Person shall be due from the Quarter Day next preceding the Time of such Decease.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the yearly Sum' The 200I. per of Two hundred Pounds shall be paid out of the said Consolidated Annum to Tho-Fund, by such Four equal Quarterly Payments, to the said Thomas Life to revert Church, during the Term of his natural Life, and shall be deducted Prothonotaries. out of the Sum payable under this Act as a Compensation to the said Heryry Seymour Conway and Robert Seymour Conway, and the Survivor of them; and that from and after the Decease of the said Thomas Church, the said Annual Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall be paid to the said Henry Seymour Conway and Robert Seymour Conway, and the Survivor of them, as Part of the Compensation payable to them under this Act, in case they or either of them shall survive the said Thomas Church.

XVI. And Whereas Rowley Heyland, the present Deputy Clerk of the Rules in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench,

has heretofore discharged the Duty of the said Office of Clerk of the Rules, and the Income rising therefrom will be so much diminished by the Provisions of this Act, that it is deemed reasonable to increase the Salary of the said Office of Clerk of the Rules whilst it shall be holden by the said Rowley Heyland: And Whereas the Case of William Houghton, Clerk of the Appearances and Attachments in the Court of Pleas in the Exchequer,

is one of peculiar Hardship and Loss, so as to render it expedient and* reasonable to increase the Salary of the said Office whilst it shall be holden by the said William Houghton Be it therefore enacted, That the said Rowley Heyland and William Hough- Additional ton shall be and they are hereby continued in their respective Salyy4k Offices during their good Behaviour respectively; and that so long c^i-lT^the^ as they the said Rowley Heyland and William Houghton shall re- -m King' *

spectively Bench, and

C. S3.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

SOOl. to the Clerk of Appearances and Attachments in the Court of Pleas in Exchequer, while held by the present Officers.

Deputy Filacer and Exigenter to be continued in that Office.

A Compensation of SOOl. yearly to Richard Patten, late Clerk of the Satisfactions, &c. in the Exchequer.

A Compensation to be made to the Cursitor of the Court of Chancery, on Certificate of the Commissioners.

respectively hold their said several Offices, the said Rotoley Heyland shall receive the yearly Sum of Four hundred Pounds, and the said William Houghton the yearly Sum of Three hundred Pounds, in Augmentation of the Salaries of the said Offices holden by them respectively as aforesaid; and that the said Annual Sums and Augmentations respectively shall be payable in the same Manner, at the same Time, and out of the same Fund, as the Salaries of the said Offices are respectively payable.

XVII. And Whereas it is just and reasonable that Provision

should be made for John Clancey Gentleman, who has long discharged the Duties of Filacer and Exigenter of the Court of

Common Pleas, as Deputy to the said Daniel Toler, the present

Filacer and Exigenter; Be it further enacted, That the said Office of Filacer and Exigenter shall be and the same is hereby declared to be vested in John Clancey Gentleman, the present Deputy in the said Office, during his good Behaviour; and that it shall not be lawful for the Chief Justice of the said Court, by whom the Eight of Appointment to the said Office has been heretofore exercised, notwithstanding the Saving herein contained, to remove the said John Clancey from the said Office during his good Behaviour therein.

XVIII. And Whereas Richard Patten hath for many Years transacted the Business of Clerk of the Satisfactions, and Plaintiffs Judgment Book, in the Office of Clerk of the Pleas of the said Court of Exchequer; and it hath been found impracticable to make any Arrangement of the Offices in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the said Court, so as include the said Richard Patten therein; and as an Assistant to the Clerk of the Pleas, he cannot,

under the Provisions of this Act, be entitled to receive any larger Salary than Five hundred Pounds, and it is reasonable to make some further Provision for him Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the said Richard Patten shall be entitled to receive yearly, during his Life, the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, the same to be payable in the same Manner, and at the same Time and Times, and out of the same Fund, as the Salaries aforesaid respectively.

XIX. And Whereas the Cursitor of the Court of Chancery In ' Ireland hath been accustomed to receive from the Filacer of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland certain Fees or Proportions of Fees or Suras, which Fees or Sums will cease by reason of the Provisions of this Act Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Inquiry to ascertain and certify (in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in other cases) the Amount of the net yearly Sum so received by the said Cursitor on an Average of such Period of Seven Years, and such Certificate shall be filed in like manner as is hereinafter directed with respect to other Certificates of the said Commissioners, and that from and after the filing of such Certificate there Shall be paid to the Person now holding the Office of Cursitor of the said Court of Chancery, or his Assigns, so long as he shall live and hold the said Office, an annual Sum equal to the net annual Amount so ascertained by such Certificate, by like Quarterly Payments and out of the same Fund as is hereinbefore directed with respect to any other Compensation granted by this Act.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. S3.

143

In cases of Officer dying, &c. Executors entitled to Proportion of Quarter.

Executors to produce Certificate.

XX. And be it further enacted, That wherever any Officer, Inferior Offi-Deputy, Clerk or Assistant in any of the said several Courts, ex- cen> *c- n cept the principal Officer in each such Court respectively, shall lIingJor apply for Payment of the Salary due to him, ob any Part thereof, duceCertifiaite he shall produce a Certificate from the principal Officer of the Court of Chief Officer for the time being, stating that he is the Person then holding such of Court Office or Employment respectively, and is .entitled to receive the

Salary annexed by Law thereto, and then due to him as such Officer, Deputy, Clerk or Assistant.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Officers, Deputies, Clerks or Assistants, shall die in the Course of any Quarter, or shall have held his Office or Situation during Part only of any Quarter, such Officer or Clerk, or his Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled to receive a rateable Proportion of the Salary of such Office or Situation, for the Part of such Quarter during which such Officer held such Office: Provided always, that any Executor or Administrator of such Officer deceased, whether a principal Officer or other, shall, on receiving Payment of the Salary due to such Officer at the Time of his Decease, produce the Certificate of the then Chief Officer of the Court, stating that the Party deceased did, at the Time of his Decease, hold the Office or Employment in respect of which such Proportion of Salary shall be demanded, and was entitled to receive the Salary annexed by Law thereto.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Three principal Officers in the said several Courts shall, at all times respectively, superintend the Conduct and Proceedings of the several other Officers and Clerks of each of the said Courts respectively as aforesaid, and 'shall inspect their respective Offices, and all Records, Books, Papers and Documents therein respectively; and shall hear and receive all Complaints which may be made to them the said principal Officers respectively, of or concerning any Neglect, Delay or Misconduct in any of the said Offices in the said Court respectively, or in any of the Business thereof respectively, and shall inquire into the same, and shall admonish such Officers and Clerks respectively when they shall find reason so to do, and in any case which they shall deem of sufficient Importance, - shall report the Facts specially to the Court; and it is hereby declared to be the Duty of all the subordinate Officers and Clerks in the said several Courts, to submit themselves at all times quietly and respectfully to such Superintendance and Admonition as aforesaid; and if at any time any of the said Courts shall have occasion Jo-inquire into any Neglect or Misconduct of any such subordinate Officer or Clerk, such Court shall also inquire whether the principal Officer thereof has, with reasonable Diligence, superintended the Conduct of such subordinate Officer or Clerk.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall, at any time after the passing of this Act, be appointed to be an Officer to be a or Clerk of or in any of the Offices in the said several Courts in this Joined Act and the Schedules thereto annexed, mentioned and specified, abicd from shall be and is hereby declared to be incapable of practising as an practising as Attorney or Solicitor in any Court of Law or Equity in Ireland, Attornies. either separately or in Partnership with any other, during such Time

as such Person shall hold the Situation, Office or Employment of

, G' an

Principal Offi- ' cor* to superintend and direct subordinate Officers in the several Courts;

and, if necessary, report to the Court.

Officers of the Courts here-

n

144

C. 53.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Penalty 50l.

Officer causing Copies of Pleadings, &c. to be mode in any other than the respective Offices.

Penalty 20L In case of Want of Room in Offices for CopyingClerks, Chief Judge may allow Copies to be made out of Office.

Courts may remove or fine Officers for Misconduct.

Officers may require of Per- '

an Officer or Clerk in any of the said Offices; and if any Person, who shall be so appointed, shall practise as such Attorney or Solicitor while he shall hold the Situation, Office or Employment to which he shall be so appointed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Officer of any of the said several Courts to cause or direct, or knowingly to permit any Copy of any Pleading, Affidavit, Order, Judgment or other Thing belonging to their respective Offices, or any Part thereof, to be made in any other Place or by any other Person, than in the proper Office of such Officer, and by a Writing Clerk employed by such Officer in such Office; and every such Officer shall be responsible for the Accuracy of every Copy so made in his Office, and for the same being duly compared with the Original from which it shall be made; and every such Officer who shall cause or direct, or knowiqgly permit any Copy to be made contrary to this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if at any Time it shall be ascertained, by Affidavit or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the Chief Judge of any of the said several Courts, that any Officer of such Court hath not in his Office sufficient Room for the reasonable Accommodation of himself, his Deputy and Assistants, and of a sufficient Number of Clerks to do and perform the Business so required to be done in such Office afe aforesaid, then, in every such case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Chief Judge to make an Order, declaring that the same has been so proved, and that it shall be lawful for such Officer to cause or direct or permit any such Copy, or any Part thereof, to be made in any Place whatsoever, and by any Person whomsoever; and every such Order shall be good and valid, and shall be a sufficient Justification in all Respects to any Person acting in pursuance thereof, for one Year from the Date thereof, unless sooner rescinded, and such shall and may be renewed from time to time, until by reason of new Buildings or new Arrangements or otherwise, sufficient Room shall have been obtained for the Purposes in that Behalf aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts of Kind's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer respectively, on Complaint duly made, and after full Inquiry into the alledged Grounds thereof by Affidavit or otherwise, as thgyshall think fit, respectively to remove any Officer of the said Courts respectively, as well the principal Officer as others, from his Office, for any Offence or Misconduct in such Office which such Court shall deem deserving of such Punishment, and thereupon such Officer shall cease to hold or be entitled to such Office; and it shall be lawful for the said Courts, on Complaint and Inquiry as aforesaid, to inflict upon any Officer, for any minor Offence, such Punishment, by way of Fine, as to such Court shall seem expedient.

XXVII. And in order to secure the Payment of the Stamp Duties which are or may be required by Law, in respect of certain Copies and other Matters, Be it enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for each and every Officer and Clerk in any of the Offices

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 5S.

145

of any of the several Courts aforesaid, to 'demand and redeive of and from any Person who shall apply to such Officer or Clerk to obtain any Copy whatsoever, or to have any other Business of such Office done for him, or for any Person or Persons at his Desire, which according to Law ought to be on a Stamp or Stamps, or to be in Writing, a Deposit in Money to the Amount of the Stamp Duties requisite, and if the same is to be delivered out of such Office, and not to remain therein, then to the Amount of the Paper or Parchment which shall be required for the same; and no such Officer or Clefk shall be bound to commence such Business, or to take any Step towards the Execution thereof, until such Deposit, when so demanded, shall have been paid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Suitor in the said several Courts, nor any other Person, shall in any case be required to take out any Copy of any Record, Pleading, Affidavit or other Document or Proceeding whatsoever, drawn, prepared or filed by, for or on Behalf of such Suitor or such other Person, unless such Suitor or other Person shall find it necessary or deem it proper to demand the same in any of the said Courts.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in every Copy or Enrolment of any Pleading, Record, Matter or Proceeding in any of the said several Courts which shall issue or be given out of any such Court or any of the Offices thereof, there shall, in each Office Sheet thereof, be Seventy two Words and no more, save only and except when there shall be but one Office Sheet in such Copy or Enrolment; or if there shall be more than one, then, ' save and except in the last Sheet thereof; and in any of the said Cases such single or last Sheet may contain any Number of Words not exceeding Seventy two Words.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That every Roll shall consist of Seven hundred and twenty Words, and that there shall not in any Enrolment be more than one fractional Part of a Roll, which fractional Part shall be either the Conclusion or the Entire of such Enrolment; and if such fractional Part shall contain Three hundred and sixty Words or more, the same shall be deemed and taken to be a Roll to all Intents and Purposes; and if the same shall not contain Three hundred and sixty Words, the same shall be deemed and taken to be a Half Roll.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Officer in any of the said several Courts shall receive any Sum of Money as and for a Deposit, on account of the Stamps which are or shall from time to time be required by Law, for or in respect of the Enrolment of any Judgment or other Matter requiring Enrolment, and shall not within One Calendar Month next after having so received such Sum of Money, complete or cause to be completed such Enrolment accordingly, every such Officer shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be kept in the Prothonotaries Office, in the said Court of Common Pleas, one or more Book or Books, containing a List of all Common Recoveries of Lands suffered at the Bar of the said Court, together with the Dates thereof, the Names of the Demandants and Tenants, and of all Vouchees therein, except the Common

I Sc 2 Geo. IV. L Vouchees,

oc

sons applying for Copies of Pleadings, &c. Deposit for Stomp Duties, &c.

Suitors not com]>elled to take Copies of Records, unless they think requisite so to do.

Office Sheets to contain 72 Word.

Exception.

Roll to contain 720 Words.

Less than 360 Words deemed a Half Roll.

Officer receiving Money for Stamps to enrol Judgment within One MonUi.

Penalty 50l. Lists of Recoveries to be kept in the Common Pleas.

146

C. 53.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Court to examine Protho-notarie, &c. whether Recoveries are enrolled, &c.

Punishment.

Exemplifica lions made only on Requisition.

Clerk of King's Silver united to Chirographer.

Power of Oflfi-oers taxing Bills to cease.

Two Officers appointed by Lord Lieutenant to tax Costs in said Courts and in Exchequer Cham* her, &c.

Vouchee!, and of the Counties respectively in which the Lands are situate, and that all such Recoveries shall be enrolled immediately after they shall have been suffered respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That on the First Sitting Day of each Term, the Judges of the said Court of Common Pleas shall examine on Oath the Prothonotary, or Person then acting as such, and also all and every such other Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons whom they shall think proper, touching the Enrolment of all Common Recoveries suffered in the Term next preceding; and if on such Examination it shall appear that all such Recoveries shall not have been duly enrolled, then such Court shall examine in like manner into the Cause of such Omission, and thereupon any Person whom the Court shall think guilty of any Fault or Misconduct therein, shall and may be fined at the Discretion of the Court, or in case of any gross Neglect or Misconduct shall be dismissed from his Office.

JCXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Common Recovery shall be exemplified, unless the Person or Persons, or some of the Persons suffering the same or interested under the same, shall require the same to be exemplified.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Office of Clerk of the King's Silver in the said Court of Common Pleas shall, after the commencement of this Act, be united to and form Part of the Office of Chirographer and Custos Brevium in the said Court, and that the Duties of all the said Offices shall be discharged and ^executed by one Officer, who shall be called the Chirographer.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every Right, Power and Authority now existing in any of the Officers of any of the said several Courts of the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, the Common Pleas, or the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, for the taxing of Bills of Costs in any case whatsoever, shall cease and determine.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That at any time after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, from time to time, to appoint Two Officers, who shall be and be called Taxing Officers in Common Law Business, and who shall hold their said Offices respectively during good Behaviour, and shall have separate Offices, and shall therein separately and respectively have full Power and Authority to tax all Bills of Costs in Common Law Cases of a Civil Nature, that is to say, all Bills of Costs of or for any Business of a Civil Nature, of or in any of the Three Courts aforesaid, or of any Proceedings at Nisi rrius, in or issuing out of any of the said Courts respectively, and also all Bills of Costs of and in the Court of Error, commonly called the Court of Exchequer Chamber, and of and in the Court of Appeals, and also all Bills of Costs for or relating to all such Business of Conveyancing, as shall be in anywise connected with any such Business of the said Courts respectively, which shall be so taxed; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act, no such Costs shall be taxed by any other Officer or Person whomsoever.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 53.

1*7

Attendance of such Taxing Officers.

Power of Summons and Examination.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That -each of the said Salaries of Tax-Taxing Officers shall be entitled to receive out of the Consolidated *ng Officers Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland the 120l* P* yearly Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, the same to be payable nnum by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, that is to say, on every Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, and Tenth Day of October in every Year.

aXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Taxing Officer shall attend in his Office on every Day of the Week, except Sunday, from Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, for the Taxation of such Bills of Costs of the Description aforesaid as shall be brought to him for that Purpose; and every such Officer shall have full rower to issue Summonses to any Persons to attend him, and shall, in default of Attendance by the Party or Parties summoned, pro* ceed ex parte on the first Summons, the Service thereof being duly proved before him, and no sufficient Ground being laid before him for postponing such Proceeding; and every such Officer shall have Power to take Affidavits and to administer Oaths or Affirmations relating to such Summonses, and the Service thereof, and the Attendance thereon, and also in all Matters relating to the Taxation of the Bills of Costs concerning which he shall think proper to require any such Affidavit or Examination.

XL. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of every Bill of Delivery of Bill Costs intended to be taxed shall be delivered to the adverse  :-'-r

Party, Three Days at the least (Sundays excepted) before the issuing of any Summons for taxing the same; and that every Summons to attend the Taxation of such Bill shall be served on the Party required to attend at least Twenty four Hours before the Time fixed for attending; and that the said Taxing Officers shall keep Books, in which they shall enter an Account of all Bills of Costs taxed by them, specifying therein the Parties Names, the Date of Taxation, the Amount of the Bill delivered, and the Amount of Costs allowed and certified on the Taxation.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That such Taxing Officers shall be in all respects equal the one to the other, and shall divide between them the said Business of Taxation, according to such Mode and Arrangement as they shall agree on between themselves; and if they shall not so agree, then, according to such Mode and Arrangement as shall be ordered and directed from time to time by the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench for the time being.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Taxing Officer shall be excused from any Attendance on the Business of his said Office on Good Friday, and also on Christmas Taxing officm Day, and on the King's Birth Day, or Day which shall be celebrated as such, in every Year; and that in Easter Week, and from Christmas Day to and on the First Day of January, and in the Months of August, September and October in every Year, it shall not be deemea necessary that more than One of the said Taxing Officers should be in Attendance for the Taxation of such Costs, and if One shall be so in Attendance, it shall be lawful for the other to be absent; and that it shall be lawful to and for the said Taxing Officers to arrange between themselves at what particular

L 2 . Times

and Service of Summons to tax Costs.

Accounts kept by Taxing Officers.

Taxing Officers to divide Business equally. ht.

Holidays and Vacations of

148

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

In case of Sickness, &c. Taxing Officer may appoint a Deputy, with Consent of Chief Justice of King's Dench.

On Vacancies, &c. Chief Justice of K. B. may appoint a Deputy.

Power of Deputy, &c. and how he shall be paid.

C. 5S.

Times during the said Periods respectively they shall respectively be entitled to be absent, and Two Copies of such Arrangements being made in Writing, and signed by the said Parties, interchangeably, shall be valid and binding; and if the said Taxing Officers cannot agree on such Arrangement, it shall be lawful for the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench to order and make such Arrangement at his Pleasure, and the same being so made and signed by such Chief Justice, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be valid and binding on the said Parties.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if either of the said Taxing Officers shall, from Sickness or other reasonable Cause, have Occasion to be absent from the Business of his said Office, further or otherwise than as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Taxing Officer, by and with the Permission of the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, signified by his Order in Writing signed by his Hand, to appoint a Deputy to tax Bills of Costs in his Place and Stead, during such Time as shall be expressed in such Order in that Behalf, the Name of such Deputy, and also the Cause and Time of such Absence being stated in such Order; and such Permission may be prolonged, or a Change of Deputy be allowed from time to time by the Chief Justice of the said Court, by Indorsement on such Order; and every such Deputy shall, in every such case, be paid by die Principal by whom he shall have been so appointed.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the Office of either of the said Taxing Officers shall be vacant, or if it shall happen, by reason of Sickness or Absence of any such Officer or otherwise, that such Officer shall be unable to act in his said Office, and shall also be unable to appoint a Deputy therein, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to appoint a Person to perform the Duty of the said Taxing Officer, until there shall be an effective Officer to discharge the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That every such Deputy, and also such Person so appointed by the said Chief Justice to perform the Duty of a Taxing Officer as aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance ofcuch Deputation or Appointment, have all and every the Rights, Powers and Authorities, and be subject to all the Duties of a Taxing Officer, under this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, apd shall be a complete Taxing Officer to all Intents and Purposes, save that such Deputy shall be paid by his Principal as aforesaid, according to their Agreement, and shall not have any Claim on the Fund out of which the Salaries are payable to the Taxing Officers; and that every Person who shall be so appointed by the said Chief Justice to act during the Vacancy of the Office or the Inability of any Taxing Officer, shall receive from the said Fund such Proportion, and no .more, of the Salary of such Taxing Officer, for and during the Period of his Service, as shall be directed in and by the Warrant under which he shall be so appointed, and the Residue only of such Salary shall for such Period be payable to such Officer.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 53.

1*9

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every such Taxing Taxing Officer Officer, and every Person acting as such, shall, in the Taxation deemed an of any Bill of Costs or any Part of a Bill of Costs, for any Officer of the Business performed or transacted in any of the said several Courts, ^Ugu, |2n^M!h be and be deemed and taken to be an Officer of the Court in which such Business shall have been transited or performed, and shall be subject to the Controul and Directions ot such Court in respect of such Taxation, whether the same shall relate to the revising, reconsidering, or retaxing any such Bill, or any Part thereof, or to the Allowance or Disallowance of any particular Item or Items thereof, or to any other Matter or Matters which such Court respectively may think proper to order in relation thereto.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Taxing Oath of Taxing Officer, or any Deputy or Person so appointed to perform the Officer. Business of a Taxing Officer, shall do any Act as such, he shall take the following Oath before one of the Judges of one of the said Courts; that is to say,

J A.B. do swear, That I will diligently tax all Bills of Costs

which shall be submitted to me for that Purpose, and which

I shall be empowered by Law to tax; and that I will tax the

same fairly, and without Favour, Partiality or Malice, and according to the Rules and Course required by Law, to the best

of my Skill and Knowledge. ' So help me GOD. '

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That before allowing any Tuxing Officer Stun claimed in any Bill of Costs, as a Fee or Payment to any to Ascertain Counsel o| to any Officer of the said Courts, the Taxing Officer actual Payment shall require to see the Documents necessary to ascertain that 10 Couns*l &c* such Counsel has been so employed and has received such Fee, and thaPthe Fee or Payment to such Officer has been the right and proper Fee, and has been paid where such Document can conveniently be produced; and if it shall appear on the Examination of any such Bills of Costs, or otherwise, that any one Charge, either for Counsel, Attorney, Officer or Stamp Duty, hath been united in any such Bill of Costs with any other Charge In one Sum, then such united Charges shall altogether be disallowed.

XLDC And be it further enacted, That upon all Taxations of Taxing Officer Bills of Costs, whether between Party and Party, or between bound to ex-Attorney and Client, it shall be the bounden Duty of the Taxing nuuethe Pro-; Officer, whether he shall be required so to do or not, and whether etarges in Bills any Objection shall have been made or not, to take due Care of of Costs, the Interest of the Person or Persons to be charged by such Bill when taxed, tad for that Purpose to examine and ascertain by all reasonable Methods, that each and every Charge in any Bill of Costs contained, whether such shall be a Fee for Counsel, Solicitor or Officer of Court, or Stamp Duty or any other Disbursement whatsoever, is the proper Charge which* under the Circumstances of the case ought to be made; and that upon all such Taxations the Taxing Officer shall determine upon all Charges made by any Officer of any of the said Courts, and allow any such as shall appear to* him to have been made, according to the true Right of such Officer respectively; and shall also determine whether any.

t

150

G. 5S<

l&2' GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

No Charges for Agency of Officers of Courts lobe allowed.

Judge opening the Court, on the Essoin Day of Term, to examine the State and Keeping of the Records there.

Schedules of the Records to be kept.

Fines and Recoveries to be written as other Records.

Officers herein named authorised to take Affidavits in the several Courts.

Attendance or other Business, Matter or Thing, for which any Charge shall be made in such Bill of Costs, actually took place or was actually performed, and whether the same was proper under the Circumstances, and such as ought to be charged for in such Bill of Costs or not.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Taxing Officer shall on any Taxation of any Bill of Costs whatsoever, whether as between Attorney and Client or between Party and Party, allow any Sum under the Name of Agency or otherwise howsoever, as paid to any Officer or Clerk of any of the said Courts, or any Sum whatever as paid to any such Officer or Clerk, save only for the Price of Stamps and Paper or for Fees permitted by this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in each and every of the said several Courts, on the Essoin Day of each and every Term, the Judge who shall open the Court on that Day shall immediately after the opening the same satisfy himself, so far as he can by personal liispection, that the Records of each and every of the said Courts respectively are duly and regularly kept and preserved, so as to be safe, dry, sound and legible, and in such Order and Arrangement and with such Means of Reference to the same, that all Persons having Occasion to inspect the same respectively shall and may have easy Access thereto; and the said Judge shall report to the other Judges of the Court, on the First Sitting Day of such Term, the* Result of such Examination; and if there shall be any Default or Error therein, the same shall be {as soon as may be) examined into by the Court, and shall be rectified as soon as possible; and that for the Purpose of rendering such Access more easy and of better preserving such Order and Arrangement, when and so soon as the Schedules and Inventories of the Records of the said several Courts now forming under the Direction of the Commissioners of Records in Ireland shall have been severally completed, such Schedules and Inventories shall be continued from Year to Year by the several Officers of the said Courts and their Successors, in Whose Custody such Records shall respectively be or remain.

LII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and all Manner of Fines and Recoveries, and all Exemplifications thereof respectively, shall be written in the same Hand Writing as the other Records of the said Court and Documents issuing therefrom respectively.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Officers hereinafter named, of and in the several Courts aforesaid, and the said Officers are hereby fully authorized, empowered and* directed, whenever they shall be thereupto required, (except on Sundays, Good Friday ondChrutma* Day,) to take Affidavits or Affirmations in all Matters relating to the Business of the said Courts respectively, and to administer the necessary Oaths or Affirmations for that Purpose? that is to say, in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench and in the Court of Common Pleas, the Prothonotary, the Clerk of the Rules and the Filacer; and in the Pleas Side or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, the Clerk of the Pleas, the Clerk of the Rules and the Filacer; and all such Oaths, Affidavits and Affirmations shall be of the same Force, Validity and Effect, and shall

and

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 53.

151

and may be filed and used and acted upon respectively, as fully aiul effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been sworn or affirmed before the said Courts, or all or any of the Judges therepf respectively; and any Person who shall wilfully or corruptly swear or affirm any thing false in any such Affidavits or Affirmations, shall be subject to all Pains, Penalties, Punishments and Disabilities for wilful and corrupt Perjury, in like Manner in all Respects as if such Affidavits had been made in any of the said several Courts, or before all or any of the Judges thereof respectively; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall not be considered a Part of the Duty of any of the Judges of the said Courts respectively, to take any Affidavits or Affirmations, except on their Circuits, or in such cases where they shall think fit and proper so to do.

LIV. And in order that the Suitors of the said several Courts, ' and all other Persons having Occasion to make Affidavits or Affirmations relating to the Business of the said several Courts,

1 may, at all Reasonable Times, have free Access to some Person qualified to take such Affidavits respectively Be it enacted, That the said several Officers of the said Courts, so hereby authorized to take such Affidavits or Affirmations therein respectively as aforesaid, shall attend each in their Turn for one Day at his Office, er at such other Place, and at such Times, and for so many and such Hours in the Day, and according to such Order of Succession, as they shall for that Purpose arrange and agree upon amongst themselves, so as that no Suitor or Person having Occasion to make any Affidavit Or Affirmation shall experience any Inconvenience or Delay; and in Default of such Arrangement being so made between the said Officers, it shall be lawful for the Chief Judge of each of the said Courts respectively to direct such Arrangements, and to make such Order in that fiiehalf as he shall think fitting and expedient.

LY* And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall to confined by Illness or detained in Prison, within the Circular Road of Dublin, or within Half a Mile of the said Road, and who shall have Occasion to swear an Affidavit before any of the said Officers, shall send such Affidavit engrossed and ready to be sworn to any such Officer respectively, and that such Affidavit shall contain an Allegation that such Person is so detained in Prison, at is confined in any such House, therein stated and Sufficiently described, by bodily Ailment, so as to be unable, without Dtuiger to the Life or Health of such Person to leave such House, then it shall be the Duty of such Officer to attend at such House or Prison, at a reasonable. Hour and without unnecessary Delay, to take .such Affidavit; or if such Hour shall not be within the Time of Duty of such Officer according to such Arrangement as aforesaid, then such Officer shall send such Affidavit to the Officer within whose Time of Duty such Hour shall be, who shall attend as aforesaid to take such Affidavit.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, every Officer of any of the said several Courts shall respectively execute the Duty of his Office in Person, except only in case of Sickness or unavoidable Absence; and that

L 4 in

False swearing. Perjury.

Such Officer* (a attend daily by Turns.

Affidavits of Persons confined by lllnett or in Custody, &c. may be taken by Officer at the House, &c. where such Person is confined.

Offices in the Courts to be executed in Person, except in cases of 111-

C. 53.

r & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

ness or unavoidable Absence, and then by Deputy appointed with Consent of the Judge.

in any such case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Officer, by Deputation in Writing under his Hand and Seal, by and with the Consent-in Writing of the Chief Justice or Chief Baron of the Court to which such Officer shall belong, or in the Absence of such Chief Justice or Chief Baron, then of the next Senior Judge of the said Court then in Dublin, to appoint a Deputy to execute the Duties of such Officer during such Period as shall be specified in such Deputation; and the Name of such Deputy, and also the Occasion for appointing him, and the Approbation of such Chief Justice, Chief Baron or Judge, and the Time for which such Appointment is to continue, shall be specified and set forth in such Deputation; and such Deputation shall be signed or indorsed by such Chief Justice, Chief Baron or Judge; and the Period mentioned in such Deputation may be afterwards prolonged, if necessary, by such Officer, with the Approbation of such Chief Justice, Chief Baron or Jud^e, by Indorsement of the said Officer, and of the said Chief Justice, Chief Baron or Judge

upon such Deputation.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that any Officer of the said several Courts, by reason of Accident or Infirmity, shall be unable to appoint a Deputy, or whenever any Office in any of the said Courts shall become vacant, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Justice or Chief Baron of the said Courts respectively, if applied to for that Purpose, to appoint and swear into Office a fit and proper Person to perform the Duty of such Officer, until there shall be an Officer capable of discharging -his own Duty; and that every such Person so appointed and sworn shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, a complete Officer according to the Terms of such Appointment; save that such Person so appointed as aforesaid shall not be entitled to any greater Proportion of the Profits of such Office than shall be specified in such Order.

LVIII. And Whereas it is expedient that the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and the Barons of the Exchequer in Dublin, should have Power and Authority, 4 upon their respective Circuits for taking the Assizes, to grant Summonses and to make Orders in Actions and Prosecutions, 4 in the manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted. Justices at As- That from and after the Commencement of this Act, it shall and sixes may gTant may be lawful for the Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and m^Torderaln Common ^eas> and the Barons of the Exchequer in Dublin, and Causes to be each and every or any one of them, during their respective tried before Circuits for takina the Assizes, to grant such and the like Sum-them, although monses, and to .make such and the like Orders, in all Actions and not Judges of Prosecutions which are or shall be depending in any of His whichthe Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin9 in which the Issue, if Actions are brought to Trial, would be to be tried upon such their respective brought. Circuits, as if such Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and

Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, were respectively Judges of the Court in which such Actions or Prosecutions respectively are or shall be depending; although such respective Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, may not be Judges of the Court in

which

In case of Incapacity of Principal to appoint, and on Vacancies, Chief Justice may appoint a Deputy till Vacancy is supplied.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

Ci 53 *

153

which such Actions or Prosecutions are or shall be depending; and such Summonses and Orders shall be of the same Fprce and Effect as if such Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and Barons of the Exchequer, were respectively Judges of the Court in which such Actions or Prosecutions are or shall be depending.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, no Fee whatsoever shall on any Occasion or Account be payable to any of the Judges of the Courts of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or to any of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, and that in lieu of all Fees heretofore payable or paid to the said Judges and Barons respectively, and of all and every Income and Emolument derived to such Judges and Barons respectively thereby, there shall be payable to the said Judges the several yearly Sums hereafter in that Behalf respectively mentioned; that is to say, to the Chief Justice of the Court of King's Bench, the yearly Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds; to the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the yearly Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds; to the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, the yearly Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds; and to each of the other Justices and Barons of the said Courts respectively, the yearly Sum of Eight hundred and fifty Pounds; and the said several iums are hereby charged and made payable, and shall be paid to the said Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Judges and Barons respectively, out of the said Consolidated Fund, in addition to the yearly Salaries or Payments to the said Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Judges and Barons respectively, to which they are now respectively entitled by Law, and at such Times and in such Manner as such yearly Salaries and Payments are now respectively payable.

LX. And Whereas it may happen that the said additional Salaries may be insufficient to compensate some of the said

Judges for the Diminution of1 their Income, by the Abolition of all Fees heretofore payable to them; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal and Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the Desire being expressed by any of the said Judges to 4iiat Effect, to ascertain, in like manner as is hereinbefore directed in other cases, the Annual Amount of the Fees of any such Judge on the Average of Seven Years next preceding' the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to certify under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, the average Annual Amount of such Fees, and the Difference between such Amount, if any, and the additional Salary provided for such Judge by this Act; and every such Certificate shall contain a Statement of the particular Fees on which such Average shall be taken as aforesaid, and also of the Fees excluded from such Average; and every such Certificate shall be filed in manner hereinbefore required by this Act, and thereupon there shall be paid to every such Chief Justice, Chief Baron, Judge or Baron, who shall have

caused

No Fees to be taken by Judges after Commencement of this Act, and in lieu thereof the additional yearly Salaries herein mentioned to be paid to them.

If such additional Salary not.sufhcient to compensate Loss by Fees, further Allowances to be made on Certificate of Commissioners of Inquiry.

C.SS.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Salaries to be free of Taxes.

Courts may order Sums not less than 20l. to be paid into the Bank, to the Credit of any Cause, Sec.

Officers to proceed in Accounts, Inquiries, Sec. peremptorily on the first Summons.

Regulation as to senring. Sec. of Summonses.

caused such Certificate to be so filed, a yearly Sum equal to the Excess of such average Annual Amount of such Fees, so long as he shall continue in Office, over and above the said additional Salary -to which such Chief Justice, Chief Baron, Judge or Baron will be entitled as aforesaid under this Act, and which said additional Annual Sum shall be paid out of the same Fund, and at the same Time, and in the same Manner as the said additional yearly Salary under this Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Salaries and Allowances made payable by this Act out of the Consolidated Fund shall be paid and payable free and clear of all Taxes and of all Deductions whatsoever for Fees, Pdls, Poundage or otherwise.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any of the said several Courts shall deem it necessary or conducive to Justice, that any Sum of Money, not being less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, should be brought in by any Party or Person, so as to be under the Orders and Disposition of the Court, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to make an Order that such Money shall be lodged and deposited in the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the proper Cause or Matter, in the Name and with the Privity of the Chief Officer of such Court, and such Money shall be lodged and deposited accordingly, and shall from time to time be drawn out or be transferred by such Chief Officer respectively, by and under the Orders of the Court, as such Court shall deem fitting and just.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That on any Account or Inquiry, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be referred to or shall be depending before any Officer of any of the said several Courts, or which such Officer shall have Authority or Power to proceed in, or to determine or report upon, and for, upon or relative to which it shall be necessary or proper to summon any-Party or Parties, or Person or Persons whomsoever, such Officer shall proceed peremptorily on the First Summons which shall appear to him to have been duly served, and shall, at the Time and Place appointed in such Summons, hear the Parties, if they shall attend, and if only one Party shall attend, and the other Party shall make default, and no sufficient Excuse for such Default shall be laid before such Officer, he shall then proceed ex parte, in like manner as such Officer would, according to the Practice heretofore used, have proceeded upon a Third or peremptory Summons; and the Proceedings, Report or Decision of such Officer, upon such Account, Inquiry or other Matter whatsoever, shall be subject to the Order, Direction and Controul of the Court in all respects as heretofore.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Summons shall be served on the Party required to attend Three clear Days at least (exclusive of Sundays) before the Time fixed for the Attendance, and that the precise Object for which such Summons is issued shall be stated in the same, or at the Foot thereof; and the Taxing Officers and the principal Officers of the said Courts shall and they are hereby required to keep Books, and to enter therein in alphabetical Order every Summons which they shall issue, the Hour appointed for Attendance, and the Object

for

13 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 53.

155

for which such Summons is issued; and such Books shall at all reasonable Times, during the Attendance of such Officers, be open for Inspection without Fee or Reward.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Commissioner appointed for Inquiry into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal and Ecclesiastical Courts of Justice as'aforesaid, to proceed in the making any Inquiry by this Act directed or required to be made, until such Commissioner shall have previously taken and subscribed the following Oath, which Oath any One of the said Commissioners of Inquiry is hereby authorized to administer; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will well and truly, without Favour or ' 111 Will, and according to the best of my Skill and Judgment,

inquire into and certify the several Matters which I shall or may be required to inquire into and certify under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act].

So help me GOD. '

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That Copies of all Certificates required by this Act to be given by the Commissioners of Inquiry for the Purpose of ascertaining the Amount of any Compensation granted or made payable under this Act, shall be transmitted by the said Commissioners to the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and shall be laid before, both Houses of Parliament at the Commencement of the Session of Parliament next ensuing the Date of such Certificate; or if Parliament shall be then sitting, then within Fourteen Days next after the Date of such Certificate; and that in case no legislative Provision shall be made for the Compensation of the several Officers whose Claims shall have been so decided upon by the Commissioners of Inquiry under this Act, in the Course of the Session in which such Certificate shall be laid before Parliament, the said Certificate shall then, and not before, become final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXVII. And Whereas the Rights of the Crier and the Usher of the Courts of Exchequer have not as yet been sufficiently ascertained Be it enacted, That the Commissioners of Inquiry te aforesaid shall proceed to investigate the Fees and Emoluments of the said Officers; and that their Report upon the same shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the Commencement of the Session of Parliament next ensuing the Commencement of this Act; and that the said Report shsdl be made in like Manner as ha# been hereinbefore provided for the Certificates of the average Profits of the Prothonotaries and Filacer Of the said Court.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to limit, abridge, bar, prejudice or defeat any Action or Indictment, or any Remedy or Proceeding whatsoever, which at any time heretofore may or might have been brought, found, had

or

Oath to be taken by Commissioners of Inquiry, before proceeding under this Act.

Oath.

Copies of Certificates of Commissioners of Inuuiry to be laid before Parliament, &c.

In what case Certificate conclusive.

Emoluments of the Crier and . Usher of the Court of Exchequer to be ascertained.

Proviso for Remedies for Misconduct in Officers.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Recovery of Penalties under 50l. summarily before Court.

50l. before the Chairman of Kilmainhatn.

Above 50l. in all superior Courts.

Perjury.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

or taken against any Officer, Deputy or Clerk, in or under any of the said Courts hereinbefore mentioned, for or in respect of any Misconduct in Office which may have occurred or taken place, or which may take place at any time before the Commencement of this Act, but that all such Actions, Indictments, Remedies and Proceedings for any such Misconduct may be brought, found, had or taken, as if this Act had never been made.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Penalty imposed by this Act, amounting to less than the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall and may be recovered in a summary Way, on Complaint or Motion to the Court to which the Offence where such Penalty shall be incurred shall relate; and it shall be lawful for such Court, after receiving such Evidence as they shall think proper, to make an Order for the Payment of such Penalty; and that any Penalty imposed by this Act, which shall amount to and not exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds, shall and may be recovered by any Party who will sue for the same, by Civil Bill before the Chairman of the Sessions at Kilmainham; and that all Penalties exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds shall and may be recovered by any Party who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of the TTiree Courts of Common Law aforesaid, wherein no Essoign, Protection nor Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance; and that One Moiety of all Penalties imposed by this Act shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person who shall sue for the same.

LXX. And be it further enacted, Thabif in any Oath or Affirmation required or authorized to be taken, or on any Examination or Inquiry on Oath, required or authorized to be made by this Act, any Person shall swear or affirm falsely, such Person shall, on Conviction thereof, be adjudged guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be punished accordingly.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and every Clause and Matter therein, shall commence and have Effect from and after the Sixteenth Day of June in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and not sooner, save and except in cases where any Clause, Matter or Thing is expressly directed to take Effect from the passing of this Act *

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, during the present Session of Pfcr* liahicnt.

SCHEDr

A.D. 1821.

1Q& 2 GEO. IV. C. 53i

157

SCHEDULES referred to by and made Part of the foregoing Act.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Describing the several Officers in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench in Ireland, who are to hold their Offices during good Behaviour; their Duties and Salaries respectively; and the Assistants and Clerks whom su'ch Officers are required to employ, and for whom they are to be responsible.

Yearly Salaries.

The Prothonotary:  In addition to the general Superintendence which he is directed to exercise by the Act to which this Schedule is annexed, he is to have the Custody of all Cognovits, Judgment Rolls, Judgment Books and Memorials of Judgments; and he is also (by himself or his Assistant Clerks m that Behalf) to enter on the Record a)l Assignments and Satisfactions of Judgments, and to make Searches for Judgments, and to give under his Hand Certificates positive and negative thereof, and to furnish and attest Copies of Judgments; and he is also to have the Custody of all Records in the Civil Side of the said Court, and to prepare or cause to be prepared, by the Three General Clerks hereinafter mentioned, all Transcripts of Records for the Court of Error, and all Enrolments of the Records in the Civil Side of the said Court, and all Judicial Writs and all Records for Trial at Nisi Prius; and generally he is to do all official Business whatever in the Civil Side of the said Court, which it is not the proper Duty of any of the other Officers of the said Court to do

Assistants to the said Prothonotary, to be appointed by him:

Three General Clerks for making out all Judicial Writs, and all Records for Trial at Nisi Prius, and all Enrolments of the Records in the Civil Side of the paid Court, and the Transcripts of Records for the Court of Error; and for that Purpose the said Three General Clerks are to be allowed the reasonable Assistance of copying, writing and engrossing Clerks, the Remuneration of the said copying, writing and engrossing Clerks to be paid and satisfied out of the Incidents of the said Court, in manner provided for by the Act to which this Schedule is annexed; Salary to each of the said Three Clerks -

The said Three General Clerks are not to make any Charge under the Name of Agency or otherwise, either against the Suitor or Attorney, for or in relation to the preparing and making out any of the above named Writs, Records or Enrolments.

A principal Assistant Clerk to assist in all the other Business of the said principal Officer, and particularly in all Matters aforesaid relating to Judgments ...

A second Assistant Clerk in the same Business

1, 500

500

500

200

Clerk

C. 5S.

A.D. 1821.

Yearly Salaries.

Clerk of the Rules:  He is to take down all the Rules and Orders in the Civil Side of the said Court, as well those commonly called Judicial Rules as those of any Nature whatsoever; to enter, transcribe and alphabet all such Rules, and to furnish Copies of them when required, and to do all such 

other Acts as properly belong to the said Office 800

One Assistant to the said Clerk of the Rules, to be appointed by

him - Filacer and Clerk of Pleadings:  He is to receive, file and keep all Pleadings and all Affidavits (except those to ground marked Writs); and he is also to receive, file and keep all other Documents required to be filed in the Office, and not hereby expressly referred to any other Officer; and he is also to furnish and attest Copies, and give Certificates of all the said Matters respectively when required, and to do all such 100

other Acts as properly belong to the said Office One Assistant to the Filacer, who shall be appointed by him Clerk of Writs:  He is to engross and issue Writs of Capias ad Respondendum and Subpoena, and to receive and file Affidavits to ground marked Writs, and to enter in a Book, to be kept by him for that Purpose, all Writs issued from or returnable into the said Court, and to furnish Certificates, and to furnish and attest Copies of the said several Matters, and to 800

100

do all such other Acts as properly belong to the said Office 300

Clerk of AppEARANCES - - 200

SCHEDULE (B.)

Describing the several Officers of the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, who are to hold their Offices during good Behaviour; their Duties and Salaries respectively; and the Assistants and Clerks whom such Officers are required to employ, and for whom they are to be responsible respectively; and the Salaries payable to such Assistants and Clerks.

YenrlySahuies-

The Prothonotary: In addition to the general Superintendence which he is directed to exercise by the Act to which this .

Schedule is annexed, he is to have the Custody of Cognovits, Judgment Rolls, Judgment Books, and Memorials of Judgments; and he is also (by himself or his Assistant Clerks in that Behalf) to enter on the Record Assignments and Satisfactions of Judgments, and to make Searches for Judgments, and to give under his Hand Certificates positive and negative thereof,

and to furnish and attest Copies of Judgments; and he is to have the Custody of all Records of the said Court, save only the Fines; and he is to prepare or cause to be prepared by the Three General Clerks hereinafter mentioned, Transcripts of Records for the Court of Error, and all Enrolments of the Records of the said Court, (save only the Fines,) and all. Judicial

159

dicial Writs, and all Records for Trial at Nisi Prius; and gene- Yearly Salaries 

rally he is to do all official Business whatever itr the said Court, which it is not the proper Duty of any of the other Officers of the said Court to do 1, 500

Assistants to the said Prothonotary, to be appointed by him; viz. Three General Clerks for making out all Judicial Writs, and all Records for Trial at Nisi Prius, and all Enrolments of the Records of the Court, and the Transcripts of Records for the Court of Error; and the said Three General Clerks are for that Purpose to be allowed the reasonable Assistance of copying, writing and engrossing Clerks; the Remuneration of the said copying, writing and engrossing Clerks to be paid and satisfied out of the Incidents of the said Court in Manner provided for by the Act to which this Sctedule is annexed; Salary to each of the said Three General Clerks 500

The said Three General Clerks are not to make any Charge under the Name of Agency or otherwise, either against the Suitor or Attorney, for or in relation to the preparing or making out any of the above named Writs, Records or Enrolments. A principal Assistant Clerk to assist in all the other Business of the said principal Officer, and particularly in all Matters aforesaid relating to Judgments - 500

A second Assistant Clerk in the same Business 200

One other General Clerk for conducting all Matters in the said Office relating to Recoveries - 500

Such General Clerk shall not make any other Charge, under the Name of Agency or otherwise, for the Services. Clerk of the Rules:  He is to take down all Rules and Orders

of the Court, as well those commonly called Judicial Rules as those of any other Nature whatsoever; he is also to enter, transcribe and alphabet all such Rules, and to furnish Copies of them when required, and to do all such other Acts as properly belong to the said Office - 800

One Assistant to the said Clerk of the Rules, to be appointed by him - 100

Filacer and Exigenter:  Performing his present Duties 500

One Assistant Clerk to ditto ... 100

Clerk of the Pleadings and Affidavit Office: Performing his present Duties ..... 400

Chirographer, Custos Brevium and Clerk of King's Silver 500

Assistant Clerk to ditto ..... 100

SL'HED-

160

C. 53.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 182U

SCHEDULE (C.)

Describing the several Officers in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, who are to hold their Offices during good Behaviour; their Duties and Salaries respectively; and the Assistants and Clerks whom, such Officers are-required to employ, and for whom they are to be responsible respectively; and the Salaries payable to such Assistants and Clerks respectively.

Yearly Salaries

Clerk of the Pleas:  -In addition to the general Superintendence which he is directed to exercise by the Act to which this Schedule is annexed, he is to have the Custody of Cognovits, Judgment Rolls, Judgment Books, and Memorials of Judgments; and he is also (by himself or his Assistant Clerks in that Behalf) to enter on the Record Assignments and Satisfactions of Judgments, and to make Searches for Judgments, and to give under his Hand Certificates positive and negative thereof, and furnish and attest Copies of Judgments; and he is to have the Custody of all Records in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the said Court of Exchequer; and lie is to prepare or cause to be prepared, by the Three General Clerks hereinafter men- .

tioned, Transcripts of Records for the Court of Error, and all Enrolments of the Records of the Pleas or Common Law Side of the said Court, and all Judicial Writs, and all Records for Trial at Nisi Prius; and generally he is to do all official Business whatever in the Pleas Side or Common Law Side of the said Court, which it is not the proper Duty of any of the other

Officers of the said Court to do ... Assistants to said Clerk of the Pleas, to be appointed by him; viz. 1, 500

Three General Clerks for making out all Judicial Writs, and all Records for Trial at Nisi Prius, and all Enrolments of the Records in the Pleas or Common Law Side of the said Court, and the Transcripts of the Records for the Court of Error; and for that Purpose the said Three General Clerks are to be allowed the reasonable Assistance of copying, writing and engrossing Clerks, the Remuneration of the said copying, writing and engrossing Clerks to be paid and satisfied out of the Incidents of the said Court, in Manner provided for by the Act to which

this Schedule is annexed; Salary to each of the said Three

General Clerks - The said Three General Clerks are not to make any Charge under the Name of Agency or otherwise, either against the Suitor or Attorney, for or in relation to the preparing and making out any of the above named Writs, Records or Enrolments. A principal Assistant Clerk to assist in all the other Business of the said principal Officer, and particularly in all Matters aforesaid relating to Judgments - - . - 500

500

A second Assistant Clerk in the same Business Clerk 200

Schedule (C.)  continued.

Yearly Salaries

Clerk of the Rules:  He is to take down all Rules and .

Orders on the Pleas or Common Law^Side of the said Court of Exchequer, whether those commonly called Judicial Rules, or of any other Nature whatsoever. To enter, transcribe and alphabet all such Rules, and to furnish Copies of them when required, and to do all such other Acts as properly belong to the said Office - 800

One Assistant to the said Clerk of the Rules, to be appointed by him - 100

Filacer and Clerk of Pleadings:  He is to receive, file and keep all Pleadings and all Affidavits (except those to ground marked Writs); and he is also to receive, file and keep all other Documents required to be filed in the Office, and not hereby expressly referred to any other Officer; and he is also to furnish and attest Copies, and give Certificates of all the said Matters respectively when required, and to do all such other Acts as properly belong to the said Office 800

Clerk of Appearances and Attachments - 300

Clerk of Writs:  He is to enter, engross and issue Writs of Capias ad Respondendum and Subpoena, and to receive and file Affidavits to ground marked Writs, and to enter in a Book, to be kept by him for that Purpose, all Writs issued from and returnable into the said Court, and to furnish Certificates, and to furnish and attest Copies of the said several Matters; and to do all such other Acts as properly belong to the said Office 200

SCHEDULE (D.)

Yearly Salaries of the several Officers therein mentioned:

Yearly Salaries

To the Crier of the Court of Kings Bench And further to the said Crier, acting as Crier to the Court of 120

Exchequer Chamber - 30

To the Crier of the Court of Common Pleas To the Crier of the Court of Exchequer, from and after the 120

Time when his Right to receive Fees shall cease And inasmuch as the Rights of the Crier and the Usher of the Court of Exchequer have not as yet been sufficiently ascertained, they may continue to receive their legal Fees until it shall be otherwise provided for by Act of Parliament, and shall not by any thing in this Act contained be precluded from claiming Compensation, if any they should be entitled to, for any Loss occasioned by the Provisions of this Act. Seal Keeper; who is also to be Registrar of Attornies' Licences 120

in the Court of King's Bench - 1 & 2 Geo. IV. M A Seal 200

162 C. 53. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Schedule (D.)  continued.

A Seal Keeper and Registrar of Attornies' Licences in the Court Yearly Salaries.

of Common Pleas - ... s200

And in the Court of Common Pleas:

Clerk of the Juries ..... 200

Clerk of Errors and Essoigns ..... 40

Clerk of Outlawries - 40

SCHEDULE (E.)

Fees to be taken by any Tipstaff, Pursuivant or Serjeant at Arms:

1. For every Warrant which such Officer shall grant at the

Desire of a Party -

2. For drawing and engrossing Bond of Indemnity on the granting

any such Warrant, approving of Security, and attending to have Bond executed -

S. For the Joumies performed in the Execution of the Duty of such Officer, and for his Expences per Mile, not to apply to Places where Special Warrants are granted

4. Caption Fee on the Arrest of every Person against whom

Process shall issue, directed to such Officer

5. For drawing and engrossing Bail Bond for the Appearance

of any Person or Bersons who shall be arrested under Process to such Officer, approving Securities, and attending to have Bond executed -

6. For each Person arrested, from the Day of Arrest until discharged, Fees at the Rate per Diem of

Fees.

s. d

0 2 4

1 2 9

0 1 6

1 *2 9

12 9 0 2 6

Not exceeding Ninety Days in any one Case, except under special Order of the Court.

The Fees No. 1. and 2., payable on granting a Special Warrant and taking a Bond of Indemnity, are to be paid by the Person requiring such Special Warrant: all the other Fees are to De demanded from and payable by the Persons against whom Attachments issue.

1 at 2 GEO. IV. C. 54.

163

CAP. LIV.

An Act to regulate the Office of Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, in Ireland.

[15th June 1821.]

WHEREAS it appears, from the Seventh Report of the Commissioners appointed to inquire into the Duties, Sala-

ries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal and Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland, that it is expedient to regulate the Office of Clerks of Assize or Nisi Prius, otherwise called Judge's Registrar, in Ireland, as hereinafter is provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That clerks of Nisi from and after the Commencement of this Act it shall not be Prius not to lawful for any Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, ny Fees in Ireland, or any Person acting as such, in any case or under ?r Recompence any Pretence whatsoever, to ask, demand, receive or accept any

Fee, Reward or pecuniary or other Consideration or Recompence their Office, whatsoever, for or in respect of the Performance of any of the except accord-Duties of such Office, or for or in respect of any Payment as for ing tins Act. the Judges on the Occasion of Trials at Nisi Prius, or on the hearing of Civil Bill Appeals, or for or in respect of any Matter incident to or arising out of any such Trial, other than such Allowance as is hereinafter authorized by this Act; and if any such Penalty 5001. Officer shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, by any Person who shall sue for the same in any of the Superior Courts in Dublin, one Moiety to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Informer.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the Fees so abo- In lieu of all lished, and of all Sal&ries now payable to any such Clerk of Assize Fees 10(1 S1*-or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, in Ireland, there shall be paid, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, out I^ae of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain and Ireland, after the payable at the last Day of each and every Easter Term and Michaelmas Term, to Exchequer to every Person having held the Office of Clerk of Assize or Nisi Clerks of As-Prius to any Judge of Assize, at the then next preceding Circuit, N"l whether such Judge of Assize shall be one of the Judges of His u#* Majesty's Superior Courts in Dublin or not, the Sum of Two hundred Pound! Sterling; the First of such Payments to be made after the last Day of Easter Term, which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; and that after the last Day of each and every Term which shall succeed the Michaelmas Term next ensuing the Commencement of this Act, there shall be paid at the Receipt of the said Exchequer, to every Person having held the Office of Clerk of Nisi Prius to any of the Chief Judges of His Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer in Ireland, in the then next preceding Term and Sittings, the Sum of Seventy five Pounds Sterling, the First of such Payments, in respect of the said Michaelmas Term, to be made after the last Day of Hilary Term then next ensuing.

C. 54.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Such Payments to be made on Certificate of Judge.

Registrar to lodge all Pos-teas with the Officers of the respective Courts within Four Days of Term next ensuing a Trial had on Circuit, or during Sittings after Term, and within Two Days after Trial had during Term.

On Default. Proceedings ti Party grieved.

[Penalty.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius shall, on or after the last Day of the Term next succeeding each Circuit or Sittings, lodge at the Office of the Auditor General, in Dublin Castle, a Certificate from the Chief Judge of the Court, or Judge of Assize respectively, as follows:

T Do hereby certify, That during the Michaelmas Term [or,

Hilary, Easter or Trinity Term] and Sittings [or, during the

Spring or Summer Assizes npw last past, as the case may re-

quireJ, A.B. hath discharged the Duty of Clerk of Nisi Prius to

in Person [or, by a sufficient Deputy appointed for that Purpose, with my Approbation, in consequence

of the Illness of the said A.B., or, in consequence of the unavoidable Absence of the said A.B.9 occasioned by [here let the Cause of Absence be set forth], and proved to my Satisfaction [as the case may require] '

And thereupon, and not before, such Clerk of Assize or Nis1 Prius shall be entitled to receive Payment of the several Sums aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, shall, within the first Four Sitting Days of the Term next ensuing any Trial which shall take place, either on Circuit or at the Sittings after any Term, and within Two Days after any Trial which shall take place in Term Time, lodge and deposit with the Prothonotaries of the said Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, and with the Clerk of the Pleas of the said Court of Exchequer respectively, the Posteas on alb Records which issued from their several Courts, and which shall have been tried before the Judge to whom he shall have been appointed or acted as Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, except only in cases where such Judge shall certify on the Back of the Record that he authorizes such Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Registrar, to postpone so lodging and depositing the Postea; and in such cases such Clfcrk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, shall lodge and deposit such Record, with such the Judge's Certificate thereon, with the said Prothonotaries or Clerk of the Pleas respectively, in lieu of the Postea; and in every case where any Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, shall make Default in lodging or dq?ositing such Posteas, or such Records, with such the Judge's Certificate thereon, in lieu thereof, within the Times and in the Manner hereinbefore limited and appointed for the so doing, it shall be lawful to and for any and every Party aggrieved thereby, at any time after such Default, to enter with the Officer of the Court in which such Postea or Record and Certificate thereon ougltf, according to the Provisions of this Act, to be lodged and deposited, a conditional Rule for imposing a Fine of Twenty Pounds on the Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, so making Default, for each and every such Postea or Record, and Judge's Certificate thereon, which he shall so neglect or refuse to lodge and deposit in manner hereinbefore required, within the Time by this Act limited or appointed for so doing; and every such conditional Rule shall be made absolute as of course, unless such Clerks of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, shall,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 54. 165

within Four Days next after the Entry of such conditional Rule, show Cause, to the Satisfaction of such Court, why such conditional Rule should not be made absolute; and for the Recovery of such Fine, Process shall issue in like manner as for the Recovery of other Fines imposed by such Court.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Clerks of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, shall not within the Four Days next after the Entry of such conditional Rule, lodge and deposit with the proper Officer either the Postea or the Record, with the Judge's Certificate thereon, in lieu thereof, an Attachment shall issue against such Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, upon the Certificate of the Officer of such Default, without further Motion, unless the Court shall in its Discretion otherwise direct.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be any Part of the Duty of any Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius to prepare or engross any Bill of Exceptions or Special Verdict, or to give any Copy thereof respectively; but that when and as often as any Copy of any Bill of Exceptions or Special Verdict, or of the Dominical thereof respectively, shall be produced to any such Clerk of Nisi Prius by the Attorney of either of the Parties, such Clerk of Nisi Prius shall compare the same, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be necessary, with any Originals or Documents to be then lodged with him, or which may have been then in his Custody, and shall attest and authenticate the same respectively by his Certificate and his Signature thereto.

VII. And be it further enacted, That an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the further Prevention of the Sale and Brokerage of Offices^ shall extend and shall be deemed and construed to extend to prevent the Sale or Brokerage of the Office of Clerk of Assize or Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar, in Ireland, in as full and ample a Manner as if such Office had been mentioned in the said recited Act, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to limit, abridge, bar or defeat any Remedies or Proceedings whatsoever, which might have been taken or might be taken if this Act had never been passed, against any Clerk of Nisi Prius, or Judge's Registrar in Ireland, for any Misconduct which may have taken place in his Office at any Time before the Commencement of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the End of the several Summer Assizes in this present Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and not sooner.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended, altered or repealed, in this present Session of Parliament.

If Postea not lodged within Four Days, Attachment to issue, unless Court interpose.

Duty of Clerk of Nisi Prius as to Bills of Exception and Special Verdict.

49 G.S. c. 126. against Sale of Offices, extended to Office of Clerks of Assise, &c.

Proviso for Proceedings against Clerk of Nisi Prius for Misconduct previous to Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

Act may be amended, &c.

M S

166

C. 55.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

CAP. LV.

An Act to remove Doubts as to the Amount of Stamp Duties to be paid on Deeds and other Instruments, under the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

[23d June 1821.]

Sump Duties on Deeds relating to Property, &c. in Ireland and G.B. respectively, how to be charged.

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force relating to the Stamp Duties payable in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, different Rates of Duty are payable in respect of Deeds, Agreements and other Instruments; and Doubts have arisen as to the Cases in which the same are chargeable with one or other or both of the said different Rates of Duty:* For the Removal of such Doubts, be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent oF the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Deed, Agreement or other Instrument, which shall relate wholly to any Real or Personal Property in Ireland, or to any Matter or Thing (other than the Payment of Money) to be done m Ireland, shall be chargeable with such Stamp Duties as are or shall be payable by the Laws in force for imposing and regulating the Stamp Duties in Ireland, and not with any other Stamp Duty; and that every Deed, Agreement or other Instrument, which shall relate to any Real or Personal Property in Great Britain, or to any Matter or Thing (other than the Payment of Money) to be done in Great Britain, or elsewhere than in Ireland, shall be chargeable with such Stamp Duties as are or shall be payable by the Laws in force for imposing and regulating the Stamp Duties in Great Britain; and that every Deed, Agreement or other Instrument, which shall relate to any Real or Personal Property in Ireland, or to any Matter or Thing (other than the Payment of Money) to be done in Ireland, and also to any Real or Personal Property in Great Britain or elsewhere than m Ireland, or to any Matter or Thing (other than the Payment of Money) to be done in Great Britain or elsewhere than in Ireland, shall be chargeable with such Stamp Duties as are or shall be payable by the Laws in force for imposing and regulating the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, and not with any other Stamp Duty: Provided always, that every such Deed, Agreement or other Instrument, shall be charged and chargeable with such Stamp Duties accordingly, and no more, whether the same shall be ingrossed and executed at any Place or Places within the United Kingdom, or at any Place or Places not within the United Kingdom, and whether any of the Parties to such Deed, Agreement or other Instrument, shall be resident in or executing the same at any Place, either in Great Britain or Ireland, or elsewhere; and that any Deed, Agreement or other Instrument duly stamped pursuant to this Act, shall not be liable to any Stamp Duty by reason of the same also containing any Covenant, Agreement or Obligation, for the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money, at whatever Place such Money may be made payable, or may by Law be payable.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 55, 56.

167

1L And be it further enacted, That every Bond, Covenant and Agreement, for securing the Payment of Money only (where the Money so secured shall not be also charged or securea upon or issuing out of any Real or Personal Property) , shall be liable to Stamp Duty in manner following; (that is to say,) where there shall be only one Obligor or Covenantor or Person liable to pay such Money, or where the Obligors, Covenantors or Persons liable shall be all resident in Great Britain, or shall be all resident in Ireland, such Bond, Covenant or Agreement shall be charged with the Stamp Duty payable in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in which such Obligor or Obligors, Covenantor or Covenantors, or Person or Persons Sable, shall bona fide reside at the Time of the Execution of such Bond, Covenant or Agreement; and where some or one of several Obligors, Covenantors or Persons liable to the Payment of the Money secured by any such Bond, Covenant or Agreement, shall at the Time of the Execution thereof be bona fide resident in Great Britain or elsewhere not in Ireland\ and some other or others shall be bona fide resident in Ireland, the Residences of such Persons shall be respectively truly described and expressed in such Bond, Covenant or Agreement; and such Bond, Covenant or Agreement shall be charged with the Stamp Duty payable in Great Britain, and not with any further or other Stamp Duty: Provided always, that the Payment of any Rent or of any Annuity shall be deemed to be the Payment of Money within the Meaning of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend in any case to alter or affect the Stamp Duties payable in respect of Bills of Exchange or Promissory Notes, or to charge with Stamp Duty any Cheques, Drafts or Orders, which are not now liable to such Duty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Deed, Bond, Covenant, Agreement or other Instrument, stamped according to the Provisions of this Act, shall and may, so far as may respect the Stamp Duties thereon, be given in Evidence in any and every Court of Law or Equity, either in Great Britain or Ireland.

As to charging Stamp Duty on Bonds and Covenants for Payment of Money.

Proviso as to Description of Residence of Obligor, &c. in such Bond or Covenant.

Proviso for Stamp Duties on Bills of Exchange.

Stamped Deeds to be given in Evidence.

CAP. LVI.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Twenty second Year of His late Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor.

[2Sd June 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty second Year 22G.S. c. 83. of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Guardians, or Visitor and Guardians of the Poor, acting under the Authority of the said Act, can make effectual Sales of Houses and other Buildings, with the Land, Yards and Gardens belonging thereto or held with the same, and give effectual Discharges for and make due Application of the Purchase Money; and also whether an Omission to appoint Guardians in any Year

M 4 4 in

1 Sc 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Power given to Guardians to *ell Poor Houses and

Application of Money to arise by such Sale.

invalidates the Appointment of Guardians in any subsequent Year Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Guardians, or the Visitor and Guardians for the time being, of the Poor of any Parish, Township or Place, or of several united Parishes, Townships or Places, which hath or have adopted, or shall hereafter adopt the Provisions of the said recited Act, or the major Part or Number of such Acting Guardians, and jointly with the Visitor, if any, for the time being (notwithstanding any Omission to appoint Guardians in each successive Year, and also notwithstanding any Informality in the Appointment of any such Acting Visitor or Guardians) , and they are hereby authorized, under the Order and Direction of the Inhabitants of any such Parish, Township or Place, or each of several such united Parishes, Townships or Places, in Vestry assembled, and with the Consent of Two Justices acting in and for the County, Division, City, Borough or Place, or several Counties, Divisions, Cities, Boroughs or Places, within which such Parish, Township or Place, or several Parishes, Townships or Places, shall be situate, to sell and dispose of any Workhouse or other Houses, Tenements and Buildings, Outhouses, Offices, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Lands and Grounds, with their Appurtenances, which may have been purchased or erected by'or on Behalf of such Parish, Township or Place, or several united Parishes, Townships or Places, for the Purposes and under the Authority of the said Act, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, or any other Estate or Interest therein; and by Bargain and Sale to convey and assure the same unto the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, and his, her and their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or as he or they shall direct, and to give and sign Receipts for the Purchase Money, which Receipts shall be effectual Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, without any Obligation on him, her or them to see to the Application of his, her or their Purchase Money; and from and after every such Sale, the Workhouse or other Houses, Tenements and Buildings, Outhouses, Offices, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Lands and Grounds, with their Appurtenances, so sold, shall be discharged from all the Trusts and Purposes of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That a competent Part of the Money arising from every such Sale shall be applied in defraying the Expences attending the Sale, and in or towards discharging any Incumbrances affecting the said Workhouse, or other Houses, Tenements and Buildings, Outhouses, Offices, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Lands and Grounds respectively, and any Debts which may have been contracted by the Guardians, or Visitor and Guardians of such Parish, Township or Place, or united Parishes, Townships or Places respectively, by way of Charge on the Poor's Rates or otherwise; and the Residue of any such Money shall be paid by such Guardians, or Visitor and Guardians, to the Churchwardens and Overseers for the time being of such Parish, Township

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 56, 57.

169

hip or Place, or several united Parishes, Townships or Places respectively, in the like Shares or Proportions as they contributed towards the Purchase or Erection of the Workhouse, or other Houses, Tenements and Buildings, Outhouses and Offices, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Lands and Grounds respectively, which shall be so sold, and be applied by such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor respectively, as Part of the Rates to be collected for the Relief of the Poor of the same Parish, Township or Place, or several Parishes, Townships or Places respectively.

CAP. LVII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, relating to Prisons in Ireland.

[23d June 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fiftieth Year of the 50 G. s. c. 10s.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for repealing the several Laxus relating to Prisons in Ireland, and for reenacting such of the Provisions thereof as have been found useful, with Amendments: And Whereas by the said Act the several Grand Juries throughout Ireland have certain Powers vested in them, and are required to perform certain Duties with regard to the Regulation of the several Prisons within their respective Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, and to the regular Supply of Food and other Necessaries for the Prisoners confined therein: And Whereas it is expedient to provide for the Visiting and Superintendance of such Prisons,

and for carrying into Effect the Regulations of the said Act, and for making other Regulations for the Prevention of all Abuses in such Prisons Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall Grand Jury, or and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of Three Grand a City or County of a Town, in Ireland, or any Three or more of em-.

the Grand Jurymen, having been sworn as such at any preceding JiTcmmu Assizes for such County, or County of a City or County of a Town, prisons^wid from time to time, as they shall think fit or see occasion, to visit examine how any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or any other Prison tar the Regu-within such County, County of a City or County of a Town, and lotions under belonging thereunto; every such Visit to be on such Day and &c. arerom-3 Hour, and either by previous Appointment or hot, as such Grand piiedwithTtbe Jury or Grand Jurymen shall think fit and proper; and it shall be Situation and lawful for such Grand Jury, or any Three or more Grand Jury- Conduct of the men, to enquire concerning the due Performance of the Rules and &c.

Regulations in and by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of " MiSonduct the Reign of His said late Majesty prescribed and required to be report to Lord observed in Prisons throughout Ireland; and also concerning the Lieutenant or due Performance of such other Rules and Regulations as may have Grand Jury been lawfully made under the Authority of any other Act of Par- Assixet, liament, or of His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, or &c* of the Judges of Assize, under the Authority of this Act, in manner hereinafter provided, or under any other lawful Authority whatsoever; and also to examine into the Conduct and Situation

of

C.S7.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Keepers, Inspectors and Officers of Prisons to attend, and answer all Enquiries of the Grand Jury.

Punishment

Poor Prisoners to be supplied with Food and Necessaries at the public Expence.

of the Prisoners in any such Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or Prison respectively, and of all Persons concerned in the Government or Management thereof, or holding any Office or Employment therein or relating thereto respectively; and such Grand Jury, or any Three or more Grand Jurymen, are hereby authorized and empowered to examine on Oath any Person or Persons touching the Conduct of any Officer of any such Prison or of any Prisoner therein, or touching or relating to the Government and Management of such Prison, and the Promotion of Industry and Order therein, and the Classification and Distribution of Offenders and Prisoners in any such Prison, and the Separation of Male and Female Prisoners, and of Prisoners committed for Trial only, from such as shall have been convicted of Crimes and under Sentence of Punishment; and if it shall appear to the said Board, by Evidence on Oath or otherwise, that the Persons concerned in the Government or Management of any such Prison, or any of them, or any Person holding any Office or Employment therein or relating thereto, have misbehaved therein, by any Neglect or Breach or Non-observance of the Rules and Regulations or any of them, to which they were respectively bound by Law to conform, then it shall be lawful for such Grand Jury or Grand Jurymen, and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required, to make a Report respecting such Misbehaviour to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, without Delay, or otherwise to make such Report to the Grand Jury at the next Assizes, or to the Sheriff of the County, or to all or any of them, at the Discretion of such Visitors; and in the mean time to admonish and reprimand all Persons guilty of any Misconduct in or relating to such Prison.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Keeper of any such County Prison, and the Inspector and every other Officer of such Prison, shall, at all reasonable Hours, attend in such Prison, on due Notice for that Purpose, in order to give to such Grand Jury or Grand Jurymen such Information as may be necessary, on Oath or otherwise, as shall be required by such Grand Jury or Grand Jurymen, concerning such Prison, and the Officers thereof or any of them, and concerning the Prisoners therein or any of them, and relating to all Matters connected with the Order and good Government of such Prison; and if any such Keeper, Inspector or other Officer, shall refuse so to attend, or to be examined, or to give sufficient Answers to any Enquiries, it shall and may be lawful for any one of such Grand Jury or Grand Jurymen to make Complaint thereof to the Court or Judge at the next ensuing Assizes to be held for such County or County of a City or Town, and such Court or Judge may commit such Offender, as in cases of Contempt of Court committed in the Face of the Court at such Assizes.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, any Prisoner of whatever Description, in any Prison whatsoever in Ireland, who shall desire to receive Food and other Necessaries, and who shall not be of sufficient Ability to procure the same, shall be supplied in manner hereinafter mentioned respectively, with such Food and Necessaries at the public Expence; and every such Prisoner, as long as he shall be so supplied, shall he

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 57. 171

deemed and taken to be a poor Prisoner within the Meaning of this Act, and shall be subject as such to all Rules and Regulations hereinafter provided in that Behalf; and it shall not be lawful for Not to be tup. any such Prisoner who shall be so supplied at the public Expence plfedin *y to accept or receive any Food or Liquor, other than such as shall other WtI. be so supplied under this Act; and if any such Prisoner shall accept any Food or Liquor contrary to this Act, such Prisoner shall no longer be supplied at the public Expence, and shall thereupon cease to be deemed and taken to be a poor Prisoner within the Meaning of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Money required for Money for pro. the Payment of any Person or Persons who shall supply, or shall *iding audi contract to supply any such Food or other Necessaries, Articles, Food Matters or Things respectively, for the Use of such poor Prisoners, shall be raised and levied in every County, County of a sentment.

City and County of a Town, throughout Ireland, by Presentment

of the Grand Jury, in like manner as Money for similar Purposes

has been heretofore raised and levied under the said recited Act

of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign; save as in and 50 G. 3. c.ios.

by this Act is otherwise expressly provided.

V. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year soG.s. c. loa. 4 of His late Majesty's Reign, it is among other Things provided, 63 *

that the Inspector of every Prison in Ireland should oversee and regulate the providing Food as he should judgejnost proper, to the Value of not less than Five Pence per Day, for every Person confined for any Offence under his Inspection, who should stand in need of such Assistance, and it is expedient that the said Provision should be altered as hereinafter is provided Be it there- rePe^fid* fore enacted, That so much of the said Act as prescribes any Inspector to Amount in Value for such Provisions shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act, ririonafbrpoor every Inspector of Prisons in Ireland shall make out a regular prisoners, to be Dietary Table for each and every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Cor- approved by rection or other Prison within his Inspection respectively, setting Three Grand forth the Quantity and Description of Food for each and every Day during the Week, to be allowed per Head to all poor Prisoners therein; which Dietary Table so prepared, in cases where Provisions shall such Prison shall be situate in the County of Dublin, or the be distributed County of the City of Dublin, shall be submitted to the Divisional according to Justices of the Castle Division; and where such Prison shall be situate in any other Part of Ireland, such Table shall be submitted to such Three Grand Jurymen or Three Justices of the Peace of 50 G. 3. c. 103, the County of a City or County of a Town, in which such FYison shall be situate, whose Residences shall be near to such Prison, in order that such Table may be approved, or may be altered or amended, as such Justices respectively, or such Three Grand Jurymen, shall think fit; and such Dietary Table, when approved of by such Justices or Grand Jurymen respectively, shall be adopted and strictly adhered to in such Prisons respectively, for which the same shall be so appointed, until a new Dietary Table shall be appointed for such Prison; and a Copy of every such Dietary Table Copy of Table shall be placed by such Inspector in some conspicuous Part of the h pl^d by Common Hall in every such Prison within his Inspection; and according to such Table Provisions shall be provided for and distributed vj *

C. 57.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Dietary Table may be altered by Justices, Inspector, &c.

Copy thereof set up.

Contracts for supplying Food to be entered with the Clerk of the Peace.

50 G. 3. c. 103. 45.

Lord Lieutenant to appoint Two Inspectors General of Prisons.

Counties to be apportioned into Two Circuits, the Prisons of which shall be visited yearly by an Inspector General.

tributed to all poor Prisoners in such Prisons respectively, in the same manner as and in lieu of the Provisions directed by the said Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Divisional Justices in Dublin, and for any such Three or more Grand Jurymen or any Five Justices of the Peace of such County, Coilnty of a City or County of a Town, or for the Inspector of Prisons, with the Consent of any Three such Justices of the Peace respectively, from time to time, as they shall think fit, to alter or vary any such Dietary Table at their Discretion; and thereupon such Table so altered shall be forthwith copied out by the said Inspector, and set up in the Place of any former Dietary Table, to be in every respect pursued and abided by, until such Table shall be again duly altered as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts for Supply of Food or other Necessaries for the Use of any Gaol, when approved of by the proper Authority, shall be entered into by such Contractors with the Clerks of the Peace in the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful for any such Clerk of the Peace, under the Directions of the Grand Jury, to sue for the Breach of any such Contract.

VIII. And Whereas by and under the Provisions of the said

recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, it is among other Things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to appoint one Inspector General of Prisons

in Ireland: And Whereas the said Inspector General of Prisons is, by the said Act, required to visit every Prison in Ireland once at least in every Two Years, as also every Madhouse or Lunatic

Asylum, and to report thereupon to the Lord Lieutenant and to Parliament: And Whereas the said Duties have been found too extensive and arduous for the Performance of one Officer, and it is necessary to provide more effectually for the due Execution

of the same Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for the time being, to nominate and appoint two fit and proper Persons to be Inspectors General of Prisons in Ireland, removable at the Will and Pleasure of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and such Two Persons shall perform all the Duties

Erescribed for the Inspector General of Prisons under the said ereinbefore recited Act, and as directed by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apportion the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns, in Ireland, into Two Circuits, for the Purposes of this Act; and caoh of the said Inspectors General shall once at the least in every Year visit every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction, Penitentiary or other Prison, and every Madhouse and Place where Lunatics and Idiots are confined, for the Purpose of making an annual Inspection, and report upon the State thereof within one of the said Circuits respectively alternately, in each succeeding Year, so that every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 57.

173

rection, Penitentiary, Madhouse and other Prison and Place as aforesaid, shall be visited and reported upon by each of the said Inspectors General once in every Two Years at the least.

X. And be it further enacted, That a Copy of the several Re- Reports of Inports of each of the said Two Inspectors General shall be laid spectore General before the Grand Juries of the Counties, Counties of Cities and {2cGTOdJuHc* Counties of Towns respectively, to which such Reports shall re- Spring late, at the several Spring and Summer Assizes; and every such an<j Summer Report shall contain an Account of each and every Gaol, Bride- Assizes.

well, House of Correction, Penitentiary or other Prison, and of

every Madhouse and Place where Idiots and Lunatics are confined

within the said Counties, and Counties of Cities and Counties of

Towns respectively; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Allowance of

Treasurers of such Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of 201* to the In-

Towns as aforesaid, to pay to the Inspector General for the Year, *pctor General.

who shall make such Reports, a Sum of Twenty Pounds, which

Sum shall be charged by such Treasurer in his Accounts, and shall

be allowed by the said Grand Jury.

XI. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Inspec- Powers of tors General to be appointed under this Act shall and may in the Inspector Ge-Circuit which he shall annually make, exercise and possess all the ner?J " by Powers, and perform all the Duties, given and prescribed to the 50 ' *1 Inspector General of Prisons by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth

Year of the Reign of His late Majesty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That within Six Calendar InspectoreGe-Months after the passing of this Act, the several Inspectors General \ UU^B neral of Prisons in Ireland shall make out Lists of all Marshal- ^aonsT&c. seas, Penitentiary Houses, Gaols, Bridewells, Houses of Correc- within their tion and all other Prisons in Ireland, of what Nature or Kind soever Circuit.

the same may be respectively, and also of all Houses and Establishments for the Reception or Care of any Idiots or Lunatics within the Circuit of each such Inspector General, and whether the same be supported by any public Fund or Duty, or by any Charitable Fund, or by Subscription or for Profit, or by any Two or more of the said Modes; and at the Foot of such Account each such In- Lists verified Inspector General shall make Affidavit before the Lord Mayor of fore Lord Mayor \Dublin that the same is a true, full and perfect List of all such o{ Dublin; and Prisons, Houses and Establishments, as far as such Inspector CasdToif m General has been able to ascertain the same; and each such In- Dublin, spector General shall forthwith, after making such Affidavits, deliver such List, so verified, to the Chief Clerk at the Civil Side of the Office of the Chief Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, in the Castle of Dublin, to be there preserved and copied into some proper Book for that Purpose; and a Copy of such Lists shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That on or before the Twen- Returns to be tieth Day of December in each and every Year, each Inspector yearly of General of Prisons in Ireland for the time being shall, in like man-

ner, make a Return at the said Office of such Chief Secretary in chief Secretary, Dublin, setting forth each and every Alteration which shall have and laid before* taken place within the Circuit of such Inspector General, with re- Parliament, spect to all such Prisons and Establishments as aforesaid, since the last preceding Return; and if no Alteration shall have so taken

place,

C. 57.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

A.D. 1821.

Inspector General to visit every Prison, &c. once in Two Years, and report.

50 G. 3. c. 103. $ 60.

Salary not paid to Inspector General, but under Certificate of Chief Clerk in Secretary's Office, that regular Returns, &c. have been made.

Making false Return, Penalty 5001. and Loss of Office.

50 G. 3. c. 103. 42. repealed. Grand Jury to appoint Local Inspectors.

place, then stating the same accordingly; and such Return shall be verified, on Oath, in like manner as aforesaid; and after every such Return in which any Alteration shall be set forth, a new List of all such Prisons and Houses as aforesaid, corrected according to such Return, shall be made, so as that there shall be at all Times in the said Office a List of all such Prisons and Houses in Ireland, corrected according to such Returns respectively; and a Copy of all such Lists shall be, from time to time, laid before both Houses of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be the bounden Duty of every such Inspector General to visit each and every such Prison, and each and every such House and Establishment, once in Two Years at the least, and to report thereon, in manner required by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and this Act; and that the Salaries and Allowances provided by the said recited Act for the Inspector General of Prisons in Ireland shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be payable and paid in Two equal Parts, to and between the Two Inspectors General to be appointed under this present Act; and that no Part of such Salary or Allowance, payable under the said recited Acts out of the Consolidated Fund, shall be at any time paid to any Inspector General until he shall produce, to the Officer who is to pay the same, a Certificate from the Chief Clerk in the said Office of the Chief Secretary, bearing Date subsequent to the Day on which such Money became due, and certifying that such Inspector has, on or before the Day of the Date of such Certificate, made the Report required by Law in that respect; and no such Certificate shall be granted until such Inspector General shall have delivered in to such Chief Clerk a Copy of the last corrected List which shall then be in such Office, with a Statement opposite to each Prison, House and Establishment therein, Betting forth on what Day, Month and Year such Inspector General or his Predecessor in Office last visited and reported on the same respectively; which List, with such Statements thereon, shall be signed and dated by such Inspector General; and no such Certificate shall be so granted thereon, unless it shall appear thereby that such Inspector General has done his Duty in the Premises as fully as it was in his Power to do.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector General of Prisons in Ireland shall, in any List or Return required to be made by him, knowingly state any thing false, he snail forfeit a Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and be thenceforth incapable to hold the said Office, and shall lose and forfeit the same.

XVI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, it is among other Things provided, that in every Appointment to be made of any Local Inspector of any Gaol, the Minister or Curate of the Parish wherein such Gaol shall be situated shall be preferred Be it enacted, That the said recited Provision of the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for every Grand Jury, in the making such Appointment, to select any Persons to be Local Inspectors as to such Grand Jury shall seem most fit and proper to discharge the Duties of the said Office: Provided always, that

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 57. 175

it may be lawful for the Grand Jury to appoint such Minister or Curate to be such Local Inspector, if such Grand Jury shall think such Minister or Curate to be a fit and proper Person for that Purpose *

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all future Appointments of Protestant Chaplains to any Gaol, the Protestant Minister or Curate of the Parish wherein such Gaols shall be situated, and in all future Appointments of Roman Catholic or Dissenting Chaplains, the Clergyman or Curate of such Persuasion respectively, who shall act within the Parish in which such Gaols respectively are situate, shall be preferred, if such Minister, Clergyman or Curate will accept such Appointment, and if there does not appear, on Elimination, to be any just or reasonable Objection to such Minister, Curate or Clergyman as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in every Gaol, House of Correction, Marshalsea, Bridewell, Penitentiary House, Sheriff's Prison and other Prison throughout Ireland, a Book shall be kept and constantly remain therein, in order that any Three or more of the Grand Jury in Execution of this Act, and also the several Officers in Attendance in such Prison, and the Keeper thereof, shall and may, from time to time, make and enter therein such Observations as they shall respectively think fit; and every Inspector, Chaplain, Physician, Surgeon, Apothecary or other Officer attending on or required to attend on such Prison, shall in his Turn insert in such Book, in his own Hand Writing, his Name and the Date of such Visit, together with any Observations which may occur to him relativelo the State of the Prison and the Conduct of the Prisoners, and of the Officers of the Establishment; and every Keeper of every such Prison shall be responsible for the safe Custody of such Bopk, and shall, at all times when required so to do, produce the same for Inspection to the Grand Jury or any Member thereof, or to any Justice of the Peace of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein such Prison shall be situate, without Fee or Reward.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in the Appointments of Physicians, Surgeons and Apothecaries to any Gaols respectively, the attending Physicians, Surgeons and Apothecaries of the County Infirmary shall be preferred, unless such Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary shall refuse to accept such Appointment, or unless it shall appear, upon Examination, that there exists any just or reasonable Objection to any such Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary, and provided that the said County Infirmary shall be situate within Three Miles of the Gaol to which such Appointments shall be respectively made: Provided also, that such Physicians, Surgeons and Apothecaries, so appointed, shall be subject to all the Lules and Regulations contained in this Act, as well as in the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for every Grand Jury in Ireland, at any Assizes or presenting Term respectively, if they shall think it proper, to appoint and f a Matron, and such inferior Female Attendant or Attendants as they shall deem necessary, for any County Prison within their respective Counties; and every such Matron and Attendant shall

be

What Ministers

appointed

Chaplains.

Book to be kept in each Prison, in which Members of Grand Jury and Inspector, &c. are to enter Obsenrations.

Date of Visit

Conduct of Prisoners, &c.

Appointments of Physicians, Surgeons and Apothecaries;

who are subject to 50G. S. c. 103.

Grand Juries may appoint Matrons, &c. for Gaols, to be paid by Presentment \ Sic.

C. 57.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Grand Juries to appoint Houses of Correction in Prisons, and Keepers.

50 G. S. c. 103. But Sheriffs may appoint such Keepers.

Bridewells distant more than Three Miles from County Gaols to be visited by officiating Clergyman of Parish as Inspector.

Prisoners to be sent from Bridewells to County Gaols without Delay.

Proviso where distant more than Twelve Miles.

Poor Prisoners to be kept to work under Orders of Grand Jury, &c.

be paid such Salary as shall, from time to time, be fixed or agreed on for that Purpose, the same to be raised by Presentment on the County, County of a City or County of a Town.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Grand Jury of any County, or County of a City or County of a Town, to appoint and appropriate such Parts of the several Gaols respectively as such Grand Jury shall think fit, to be Houses of Correction for the Custody and Punishment of convicted Prisoners; and it shall and may be lawful for any Grand Jury, in every such case, to appoint a Keeper or Governor of such House of Correction, with such Salary as to such Grand Jury shall seem meet; and every such Keeper or Governor of such House of Correction shall be subject and liablejo, and shall obey and comply with all the Rules and Regulations prescribed for Gaolers in and by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign and this Act; Provided always, that nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall be construed to extend to prevent the Governor or Keeper of the House of Correction in any County, County of a City or County of a Town, from being appointed by the Sheriffs respectively to be the Keeper or Governor of the Common Gaols within their respective Jurisdictions.

XXII. And Whereas many Bridewells are situate at so great a Distance from the Gaol of the County, that it is impossible that

any Benefit can be derived to such Bridewells from the Inspectors and other Officers of such Gaols respectively

Be it enacted, That the officiating Clergyman of the Established Church of and in every Parish in Ireland in which there shall be a Bridewell, which shall be distant more than Three Miles from the Gaol of the County, shall be deemed and reputed to be, and is hereby made and declared to be the Inspector of such Bridewell; and it shall be lawful to and for such Clergyman to execute the Duty of directing and superintending, according to Law, the Supply of such Bridewell with Necessaries; and all poor Prisoners therein shall be supplied with such Necessaries in the same manner and out of the same Funds as poor Prisoners in the County Gaol.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Prisoner shall be detained in any Bridewell longer than Three Days from the Day of Committal, unless Two Justices of the Peace of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, shall think proper to order that such Prisoner be longer detained for the Purposes of Examination, and then only for the time mentioned in such Order, or any Renewal thereof, but that all such Prisoners shall be diligently transmitted to the County Gaol: Provided always, that if any such Bridewell shall be distant more than Twelve Miles from such County Gaol, then any such Prisoner may, if the Committing Magistrate shall so direct, be detained in such Bridewell until the First Week in the Calendar Month next after such Committal, but not longer, so that all Prisoners committed in any one Calendar Month may be sent under one Escort.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper of any Prison in Ireland shall have full Power and Authority, and he is hereby required, when practicable, to keep every poor Prisoner in such Prison to Labour of such Kind as the said Divisional Justices

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 57. 177

in Dublin, or the Grand Jury, or any Three or more Grand Jury-men, or, in their Default, any Three Justices of the Peace respectively, shall direct and appoint, by any Order to be made for that Purpose; and if the Work to be performed by any such poor Prisoner shall be of such a Nature as may require previous Instruction, proper Persons shall be provided to give the same, by the like Order, to whom a suitable Allowance shall be made, to be paid by Presentment on such County, County of a City or County of a Town.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Materials and Tools necessary for any such Work, and all Books and Teachers necessary for the Instruction of every such poor Prisoner, shall be in like manner provided, and the Expence thereof raised by Presentment, as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Prison in Ireland an Account shall be kept, by the Keeper of such Prison, of the Profits of the Work of each poor Prisoner therein; and One Third of such Profits shall be for the Use of such poor Prisoner, and the other Two Thirds of such Profits shall be applied in and towards the Payment of and for the several Necessaries supplied to the poor Prisoners in such Prison, as therein provided, and the Balance only shall be paid, from time to time, out of the Funds herein directed in that Behalf respectively.

XXVII. And Whereas it may hereafter be found expedient that new and additional Rules and Regulations for all Prisons, or for any particular Prison in Ireland, should from time to time be made, or that any Rules or Regulations established by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign should be modified so as to meet Events or Exigencies which

cannot now be foreseen; Be it therefore enacted, That on Petition to His Majesty's Court of King's Bench in Ireland, from the Grand Jury, or any Three or more Grand Jurymen, or any Three Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Town in which any Prison shall be situate, and after such Inquiry made on Oath or otherwise, if any, as such Court shall think proper, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order, direct and ordain, that any such Rules or Regulations shall be altered, or that any new Rules and Regulations shall be made and established for the better Government of such Prisons, and the Officers thereof, and the Provisions therein, and for the Classification and Distribution of such Prisoners, and for the Separation of Male from Female Prisoners, and of Prisoners committed g>nly for Trial from such Prisoners as shall have been convicted of Crimes, and under the Sentence of Punishment, and generally either with respect to all Prisons, or to any Kind or Description of Prisons, or to any particular Prisons or Prison in Ireland, at the Discretion of such Court; and all such Rules, so altered or established, shall be of the same Force, Validity and Effect, but not otherwise, as if expressly enacted by the said recited Act or this Act; any thing in the said recited Act or in this Act to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That like Petitions may be presented to the Judges of Assize at any Assizes for any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in Ireland, and the same

Tools, &c. to be provided by Presentment.

Poor Prisoner to have One Third of his Earnings, and Two Thirds applied to his Maintenance.

Court of King's Bench empowered to make new Rule* and Regulations on Petition of Grand Jury, &c.

Judges of Assise, on like Petition, may alter or make

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

178

new Regulations.

f Sic.

Grand Juries (except in City and County of Dublin) may appoint not less than Six nor more than Twelve Persons, One Third being Justices or Grand Jurymen, to be a Board of Super-intendance of the Gaols, &c. within the County.

Three to be a Quorum, One being a Justice; their Acts to be as valid as if done by Grand Jury or Three Grand Jurymen.

C. 57.

shall be given f charge to the Grand Jury at such Assises; and that such Grand Jury shall enquire into the Matter of such Petition, on Oath or otherwise, and shall deliver to the Court their Recommendation thereon; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Judges of Assize; in like manner, to direct that any existing Regulations may be changed or altered, or that any new Regulation or Regulations may be established for any of the Purposes aforesaid, pursuant to such Recommendation, if such Judge shall think proper so to do, by Order to be made for that Purpose; and every such Order shall be of the same Force and Effect as to all Prisons of such County, or any of them to be specified in such Order, as if made by the said Court of King's Bench.

XXIX. And Whereas it may often happen that Grand Juries

and Jurymen will be necessarily occupied with public Business c of great Importance, both of a local and general Nature, so as to

be thereby prevented from giving the requisite Attention to the

Exercise of all the Powers vested in them, or the effectual Performance of the Duties required of them under the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and under

this present Act Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in Ireland (save and except the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin and the County of the City of Dublin) , and any such Grand Jury are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think proper so to do, at each and every or any Assizes, with the Consent and Approbation of the Court or Judge at such Assizes, to appoint not less than Six nor more than Twelve Persons, One Third of whom at least, shall be Justices of the Peace for the County, County of the City or County of a Town, wherein such Appointment shall take place, or Members of the said Grand Jury, to be a Board of Superintendance of every Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison within such County, County of a City or County of a Town respectively, and being a Prison of such County, County of a City or Town; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury, at any subsequent Assizes for any such County, County of a City or County of a Town, to appoint other Persons to compose a new Board of Superintendance, as the case may require, or to remove any Member or Members of the existing Board; or to appoint so many new Members of any such existing Board as they shall think proper, but so as that there shall not at any time be more than Twelve Members of any such Board; and any Three or more of such Board of Superintendance, One of whom at the least shall be a Justice of the Peace, shall be in all cases competent to do and perform any matter or thing whatsoever, in execution of any Duty required by this Act to be done and performed by the Grand Jury of such County, or County of a City or Town, or by any Three or more of such Grand Jury, in the visiting, superintending and directing of any Gaol, Bridewell or House of Correction, or any other County Prison within such County, or County of a City or County of a Town, and in all other respects whatever relating to any such Gaol, House of Correction or County Prison, and to the Gaoler and Officers thereof, and to the Prisoners therein, as such Grand Jury, or any Three of them, could or might lawfully do; ami every

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 57.

I

A.D. 1821.

179

such Act shall be deemed and taken to be, and shall be described and expressed as the Act of the whole Board of Superintendence, and shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been done by such Grand Jury, or any Three of them, under the express Provisions of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty's Privy Council m Ireland, from time to time to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall appear to the said Lord Lieutenant and the Privy Council to be requisite and necessary for the Management and Regulation of the Smithfield Penitentiary and of the Richmond Bridewell in Dublin, and for the Appointment of the Gaolers, Keepers and all other Officers of the said Penitentiary and Bridewell respectively; and such Prisoners only shall be committed to and confined in the said Penitentiary and Bridewell respectively as shall be specified and directed in and by such Rules, Orders and Regulations; and such Rules, Orders and Regulations may be, from time to time, altered and amended in like manner; and also that it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, by and with the Advice and Consent of the said Privy Council, to make and give such Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall appear to the said Lord Lieutenant and the Privy Council to be requisite and necessary for the Classification of Prisoners within the Gaol of Newgate, in the City of Dublin, and also within the said Penitentiary and Bridewell respectively; and for the Separation of Male from Female Prisoners, and of Prisoners labouring under any Sickness, Disorders or Diseases, from such Prisoners as are in Health, and of Prisoners committed for Trial only from such Prisoners as shall have been convicted of any Crime or Offence, and shall be under Sentence of Punishment; and generally to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations for the Classification and Distribution of the Prisoners hereinbefore mentioned, and in all other Respects, as may conduce to the safe Custody, Health and moral Reformation of the Prisoners, as well in the said Gaol of Newgate as in the said Two Penitentiaries; and all such Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall be made with respect to the said Gaol of Newgate, shall be transmitted to the Sheriffs of Dublin, and shall be carried into Execution under the Superintendance of the said Sheriffs, who are hereby required to obey and to cause Obedience to be paid to 'all such Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall be so from time to time made by the said Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Person shall be lawfully convicted before any Court or Judge, or Justice of Peace, of any Offence, and shall be punishable by Imprisonment, it shall and may be lawful for such Court or Judge, or Justice, to sentence such Offender to be confined in any Penitentiary House within the County, County of a City or County of a Town, where such Offender shall be convicted; and such Offender shall and may be committed to and detained in such Penitentiary House accordingly; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

1 XXXII. And Whereas by the said hereinbefore recited Act of

Lord Lieutenant may make Orders for the Regulation of the Smithfield Penitentiary and Richmond Bridewell, and Appointment of Officers, and for the Classification of Prisoners, within the Prisons hernia mentioned.

Offenders punishable by Imprisonment may be committed to any Penitentiary House within the County.

180

SO G.3. c. 103. $ 18.

Title to Lands heretofore purchased under Valuations by Juries summoned under Warrants, though improperly directed, &c. declared valid. Such Warrants in future directed to Sheriff of County where Lands lie.

Proviso as to certain Prisons and Lands herein described.

Presentments may be made for repairing or enlarging Gaols.

Lord Lieutenant may order Advances to be made out of the Consolidated Fund to the Treasurer of the County.

C. 57. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, it is

among other Things provided, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for building or enlarging Gaols or other Prisons

thereid mentioned, or any three or more of them, to issue their

Warrants or Precepts for impannelling Juries for the Valuation

of Lands or Tenements necessary for such Purpose, to the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, to return

a sufficient Pannel: And Whereas Lands and Tenements have been from time to time purchased under Valuations made by such Juries, but doubts have in some Instances arisen as to the Sheriff

to whom such Precept ought to have been directed; and it is expedient that such Valuations and Purchases should be established, and such Doubts prevented for the future; Be it therefore enacted, That the Title to any Lands, Grounds, Houses, Tenements or Buildings heretofore purchased under the Provisions of the said recited Act, for any of the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be and be considered good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding any Objection that may arise or be made thereto on account of any Warrant or Precept of any such Commissioners having been directed to a Sheriff to whom any such Warrant or Precept ought not to have been directed, and notwithstanding any Error that may have arisen from or by reason of such Misdirection in any of the subsequent Proceedings; and that from and after the passing of this Act, in all cases wherein any such Commissioners shall proceed to require a Jury to be impannelled under the said recited Act for any of the Purposes therein mentioned, the Warrant or Precept for that Purpose shall be directed to the Sheriff of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, wherein the Land, Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be purchased respectively shall be situate: Provided always, that if such Prison shall belong to a County at large, and shall be situate or intended to be built within any County, County of a City or County of a Town, and the Lands, Ground, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased, shall be the Estate of or belong to the Corporation of such County of a City or County of a Town, or to any Corporation within the same, then and in every such case such Precept shall be directed to the Sheriff of such County at large.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a City or County of a Town, in Ireland, to present any Sum or Sums of Money to be raised for the repairing or enlarging of, or for the making any Addition to any Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison in Ireland, and to direct that such Presentment shall be raised by Half Yearly or Yearly Sums or Instalments, in like manner as Grand Juries are, by the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, authorized to do for the building of any new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison; and that as soon as any such Presentment shall be made, or at any time after the making of such Presentment, and before the Completion of such Work, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, if he or they think proper so to do, to cause such Advances to be made out of

the

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 57s 58.

181

the Consolidated Fund to the Treasurer of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, on the Faith of such Presentment, as by the said recited Act are authorized with respect to Advances on the Faith of Presentments made for the building any new Gaol,

Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to advance any Sum or Sums on the Faith of such Presentment, and all such Advances shall be made, and shall be applied and repaid in such manner, and under such Rules, Regulations and Directions, in all Respects, as are contained in the said recited Act with respect to Advances authorized to be made by the said recited Act, in case of Presentments for building any new Gaol, Bridewell, House of Correction or other Prison.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, there shall be hung up in a conspicuous manner, in the Chapels and Day Rooms of each and every Prison in Ireland, a Notice in the following Words; videlicet," Notice is hereby given, that all Prison " Fees whatsoever are abolished by Act of Parliament; and any " Gaoler, Turnkey, Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace or his " or their Deputy or Deputies, or other Officer, taking or demanding any Fee, Gratuity or Reward, is thereby subject to a Penalty " of Five Pounds."

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Acts and Duties to be performed by the several Grand Juries at the Assizes, under this Act, may, in the County of Dublin, be performed by the Grand Juries at the presenting I'erms, duly met and impannelled.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act before contained shall extend to the Marshalsea of the Four Courts of the City of Dublin, nor to the Marshalsea of the City of Dublin.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, amended or repealed, within this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act to regulate the Expences of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

[23d June 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to regulate the Expences of ElecV\ tions of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this No charges for Act, no other Charges shall be made, for any thing performed or Elections in done in the Execution of any Writ or Precept for holding an Elec- Ireland but as tion \n Ireland, besides the Charges set forth in the Schedule (A.) in Sched. (A.) to this Act annexed, any Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

H. And be it further enacted, That no other Person, besides Persons in the Persons mentioned in the said Schedule, shall be entitled to Schedule (A.) receive any Fee or Reward for any thing performed or done in the on, y ntiued to Execution of any Writ or Precept* for holding an Election, any Act Fecs* to the contrary notwithstanding.

How Monies advanced, applied and repaid.

Notice to be put up in every Prison that Fees are abolished.

Proviso as to Duties of Grand Juries in County of Dublin;

and for

Marshalsea

Courts.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

C. 58.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

No Rewards, &c. to Returning Officers.

Persons gbring such, incapacitated.

35 G. 3. (I.) so far as limits Number of Agents and Clerks at Elections, repealed.

Agents, &c. to be paid as in Schedule (B.)

No Rewards, &c. to be given to Agents, &c. above what is specified in Schedule (B.)

1 G.4. c. 11. $27. repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person to be hereafter elected to serve in Parliament for any County, City, Town or Borough, shall, by himself, his Friends or Agents, or by any Person or Persons employed in his Behalf, directly or indirectly give any Fee or Reward of any Kind, or make any Payment of Money by way of Compliment or Gratuity, or upon any Account whatever, to any Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Deputy Sheriff, Returning Officer or Deputy Returning Officer, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace; and that every such Person or Persons, who shall 60 give any Fee or Reward of any Kind, or make any Payment of Money by way of Compliment or Gratuity, or upon any Account whatever, to any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, Deputy, Deputy Sheriff, Returning Officer, Deputy Returning Officer, Clerk of the Peace or Deputy Clerk of the Peace, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament upon such Election for such County, City, Town or Borough.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament, and for repealing the several Acts therein mentioned, as provides that no Candidate for any County shall employ at or for any Election for the said County more hired Agents or hired Clerks than after the Rate of One Agent and One Clerk for each Barony or Half Barony in said County, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Candidate at an Election for any County, City, Town or Borough, shall pay to any Barrister, Agent, Inspector or Clerk, any Sum or Sums of Money, for his Attendance or Trouble at any such Election, which shall exceed the Sum or Sums set forth in the Schedule (B.) to this Act annexed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Candidate shall

five, by himself, his Friends or his Agents, or by any Person or Arsons employed by him or them, any Sum or*Sums of Money, Fee, retaining Fee, Office, Place or Employment, Gift or Reward, or any Promise or Security for any Money, Fee, retaining Fee, Office, Place or Employment, to any Barrister, Agent, Inspector or Clerk, for doing any thing of and concerning any Matter relating to any such Election, directly or indirectly, over and above the Sum or Sums set forth to be paid in the said Schedule to any Barrister, Agent, Inspector or Clerk, he shall be and he is hereby declared to be disabled and incapacitated to serve in Parliament upon such Election for such County, City, Town or Borough,

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Polls, and for making further Provisions touching the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland, as provides that it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of any County, County of a Town or County of a City, to present at the next Assizes after any Election for a County, City or Borough, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary to reimburse the Person or Persons acting as Returning Officer or Officers at such E lections, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

ronalf

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 58.

183

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall cause any Candidate at an Election for any County, City, Town or Borough, to be liable to the Payment of any Charge or Charges for the Expences attending the Execution of any Writ or Precept for holding an Election, to which he was not liable previous to the said Act of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; except for such additional Places of Polling, and additional Deputy Clerks of the Peace, and Deputy Assistant Clerks of the Peace, as are by the said Act required to be provided.

Proviso as to Candidates being liable to Expence attending Execution of Writ, &c. 1 G. 4. c. 11.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Charges for executing a Writ or Precept for holding an Election.

For providing each Place of Polling or Booth, for Commis-} sioners, for administering Oaths of Qualification to Roman f Catholics, such Place of Polling or Booth not being in a J Public Building, a Sum not exceeding -)

Such Place of Polling or Booth being in a Public Building, 1 a Sum not exceeding -

For the Assessor to the Returning Officer, for attending the ) Election, and for the First Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding -

For each subsequent Day's Attendance, a Sum not exceeding For each Poll Clerk, for each Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding -

For each Deputy Clerk of the Peace, for each Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding For each Assistant Deputy Clerk of the Peace, for each Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding - For each Interpreter, for each Day's Attendance at a Poll which may be required, a Sum not exceeding For each Constable (of whom not more than Two who are employed to attend a Place of Polling shall be paid) , for each Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding

The said Allowances to cover all extra and incidental Expences belonging to each of the above mentioned Persons.

For all incidental Expences, such as Indentures, Stamps, Poll Books, Advertisements, Stationery, and all other Expences belonging to the Execution of a Writ or Precept for holding an Election, a Sum not exceeding the Rate of Three Pounds for each Place of Polling.

. s. d.

15 0 0

7 10 0

50 0 0

11 7 6

1 2 9

0 10 0

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 5 0

184

C. 58, 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

SCHEDULE (B.)

Payments which a Candidate may make at an Election to his Counsel, Agents,

Inspectors and Clerks.

To one Barrister, as Counsel for attending the Election, and for the First Day's Polling, a Sura not exceeding -

For each subsequent Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding To one Conducting Agent, a Sum not exceeding

And an additional Sum to cover all Expences bona fide incurred for making up Books, and for other Expences necessary for taking a Poll.

To every other Agent or Inspector, for the First Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding -

For every subsequent Day's Polling, a Sum not exceeding To each Cheque Clerk and other Clerk, for each Day's Poll- \ ing, a Sum not exceeding -

The said Allowances to cover all Expences for Lodging, Diet and all other extra incidental Expences belonging to each of the above mentioned Persons. (No Candidate to pay more than One Counsel, One Conducting Agent, One Inspector and One Cheque Clerk, for each Place of Polling; One Agent for the Sheriff's Booth, Three Agents for preparing Tallies, and Two Clerks for the same Purpose, for each Barony or Half Barony.)

. s. d.

50 0 0

11 7 6

100 0 0

6 16 6

3 8 3

0 15 0

Lord Lieutenant may

CAP. LIX.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland.

[23d June 1821.]

WHEREAS, notwithstanding the occasional Acts which have, from time to time, passed for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, and the Discharge of many Prisoners, for small Debts, by charitable Donations, great Numbers of Persons generally remain confined for Debt in different Prisons in Ireland; and it is therefore desirable to make a permanent Provision for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland, under certain Restrictions: And Whereas the Duty of discharging Insolvent Debtors,

heretofore principally executed by His Majesty's superior Courts (and the Judges of Assize in their respective Circuits, has caused great Obstruction and Delay, in many Instances, of the ordinary Business of the said Courts and Judges; and it is deemed expedient that the Jurisdiction in all Matters of Insolvents should be exclusively vested in a Court to be constituted for that Purpose in manner hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors

A.D. 1821. GEO. IV. C. 59. 185

of Ireland, to appoint any Number of Persons not exceeding appoint Two Two, being Barristers at Law of Ten Years* standing at the least, Barristers to be and who shall have actually practised Ten Years, and shall not at Commis-the Time of their respective Appointments to such Office have retired from Practice m His Majesty's Courts of Law in Dublin g^cnts to pre-for more than Two Years, to be His Majesty's Commissioners for ride in the In. the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland; and to preside in a solvent Court; Court to be called the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, which shall be a Court of Record for the Purposes of this Act, and which Court shall and may be held at such Place in Dublin as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being; and that when and so soon as the said Appointments shall have been notified in the Dublin Gazette, such Court shall be deemed to be fully constituted and established; and that such Court shall with Power to have Power to appoint a chief Clerk, a provisional Assignee, a appoint Officer* Receiver, and such inferior Officers as the Lord Chancellor and "nder Direc-the Chief Justices of the Courts of King's Bench and Common Chancellor &c Pleas, and the Chief Baron of the Exchequer, shall judge to be necessary, and in such manner as they shall direct, with such Salaries not to exceed in the whole the Sum of Two hundred Salaries. Pounds per Annum, the same to be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, without Deduction, and in such manner as the said Commissioners, with such Approbation, shall direct; and it Powers of the shall be lawful for the said Court, or either of the Commissioners, Court* acting under the Powers of this Act, to adjourn any Meeting under this Act as often as the said Court or Commissioner shall think necessary; and to administer Oaths, and to examine all Parties and Witnesses upon Oath, for the Purposes of this Act; and such Court shall have such like and the same Powers for Examination compelling the Attendance of Witnesses, and of requiring and and Attendance compelling the Production of Books, Papers and Writings, as of Witnesses, now are possessed by any of the superior Courts in Dublin; and to Production of order any Prisoner who shall have petitioned for Relief under this *"d

Act, or any Prisoner who shall be a necessary and material Witness apers' in any Matter pending in the said Court, or before any Commissioner thereof, to be brought before the said Court or such Commissioner, as often as the said Court or such Commissioner shall think fit; and that the said Court, or any Commissioner Contempt of thereof, shall also have the Power of committing all Persons guilty Court, of any Contempt of the said Court, to His Majesty's Prison of Kilmainham, or to the common Gaol of any County in which such Person shall be, and the Power of fining in a summary Way, or removing any of the Officers of the said Court, who shall be guilty of any Negligence, wilful or unnecessary Delay, or other Misconduct whatsoever: Provided alwayl, that the said Court shall Restriction as not have the Power of awarding Costs against any Person or Per- to Costs, sons whomsoever, except in such Cases only where such Costs are hereinafter expressly mentioned and permitted to be awarded by this Act: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend Witnessesprid to the compelling the Attendance of any Witness, unless the Expences. Party on whose Behalf such Witness shall be required to attend shall have previously tendered to such Witness such Allowance

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

Sittings of the Court.

Commissioner not to practise as a Barrister.

Salaries to Commissioners not to exceed 2(XX)1. each, to be payable quarterly.

Their Travelling Expences.

In case of Absence of either of Commissioners, Lord Lieutenant may appoint a Barrister to perform the Duties, &c. who shall have a Proportion of the Salary.

C. 50.

A.D. 1821.

for Expences for his Attendance, as, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, shall appear to be reasonable.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall sit for the Dispatch of Business from Day to Day, Sundays, Christmas Day, and Good Friday only excepted, so long as any Part of the Business of the said Court shall be ready; and such Court shall not at any Time be adjourned for any longer Time than One Week; and One of the said Commissioners shall constantly attend the Sittings of the said Court for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That so long as any Person shall hold the Office of a Commissioner of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, under the Provisions of this Act, such Person shall not practise or be capable of practising as a Barrister in any Court, or in Conveyancing or giving Opinions, or in any other Manner whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to the several Persons who shall, from time to time, hold the Office of such Commissioners for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors under this Act, out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, at the Receipt bf His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, after Payment of all Sums charged on the said Consolidated Fund by any former Act of Parliament, such yearly Salaries or Sums of Money as the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland shall think fit to direct, not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds to any one of such Commissioners, and not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, by equal Quarterly Instalments; (that is to say,) on every Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July and Tenth Day of October, in each and every Year, the same to be so paid without any Deduction for Pells or Poundage, or otherwise howsoever, and a Proportion of such Quarterly Payments shall be made from the Day of the Appointment of every such Commissioner, and until the Time of the Decease or Resignation of any such Commissioner, from time to time; and it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland also to direct that such Sum or Sums shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund as may appear fit and necessary for defraying the Travelling Expences of such Commissioners in the Execution of their Duties under this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners shall, from Sickness or other reasonable Cause, have Occasion to be absent from the Business of the said Court, further or otherwise than as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to appoint a Person, being a Barrister at Law of Ten Years' standing at the least, to perform the Duties of such Commissioner during such Absence, and every such Person so appointed to perform the Duty of such Commissioner as aforesaid, shall, during the Continuance of such Deputation or Appointment, have all and every the Rights, Powers and Authorities, and be subject to all the Duties of such Commissioner under this Act; and every such Person who shall be so appointed to act during the Absence of such Commissioner as aforesaid, shall receive from the said Fund such Proportion,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59.

187

and no more, of the Salary of such Commissioner for and during the Period of his Service, as shall be directed in and by the Warrant under which he shall be so appointed, and the Residue only of such Salary shall for such Period bd payable to such Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Commissioners shall not receive or be entitled to receive in the said Court for or Officers not the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or otherwise as such Commis- to take Fees, sioners, any Fee or Fees of any Nature or Kind whatsoever, nor

shall any Fee or Fees be receivable by any of the Officers of such Court, except by the Chief Clerk thereof; who is hereby em Except Chief powered to receive and shall be entitled to demand and receive Clerk, from every Prisoner who may seek to be discharged by the said Commissioners, under the Provisions of this Act, the Sum of Five Shillings British, and no more, the same to be payable upon the presenting the Petition of such Insolvent, and also such Fees for Copies as are hereafter expressly allowed.

VII. And for making provision to defray the Expences of Coals and Candles which may be consumed during the Sittings of the said Court established by this Act, and of Stationery necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and to defray the travelling Charges of such Clerks and Officers as may be necessary to accompany the said Commissioners or either of them in their said Circuit;

Be it enacted, That the said Expences of Coals, Candles, Sta- Expences of tionery and travelling Charges, shall be in like manner defrayed Candles,

and paid and payable out of the said Consolidated Fund, upon the St*Uonery &c-several Quarterly Days before mentioned; provided that the#

Accounts thereof shall be first certified by the Chief Clerk of the said Court, and dated by the said Commissioners, or One of them, and thereupon the same shall be paid at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, to the Order of the said Commissioners, or One of them, in that Behalf.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as Persons in the said Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors shall be fully Custody for constituted and established, it shall be lawful for any Person, in

any Part in Ireland, who shall be in actual Custody upon any in M>m-Proce8S whatsoever, for or by reason of any Debt, Damage, Costs, roary Way for Sum or Sums of Money, or for or by reason of any Contempt of Discharge, any Court whatsoever, for Nonpayment of any Sum or Sums of Money, or of Costs taxed or untaxed, either ordered to be paid, or to the Payment of which such Persons would be liable in purging such Contempt, or in any Manner in consequence or by reason of such Contempt, at any Time within the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Court shall have been so fully constituted and established as aforesaid, or within the Space of Fourteen Days next after the Commencement of such actual Custody, or next after such Prisoner shall have been removed to the Marshalsea, or within such further Time as the said Court shall think reasonable, to apply by Petition in a summary Way to the said Court, established by virtue of this Act, for his or her Discharge from such Confinement, according to the Provisions of this Act; and in such Petition to state Petition shall be stated the Place wherein such Prisoner shall be Particulars then confined, the Time when such Prisoner was first charged in Custody, together with the Name or Names of the Person or Per- 

Petition filed.

Prisoner to make Assignment to Provisional Assignee of his Property, except Wearing Apparel, &c. not exceeding 20L

Court may order Allowance for Support of Prisoner.

When Petition Is filed. Prisoner to deliver in Schedule of Debts, Property, &c. as herein mentioned.

C. 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

sons at whose Suit or Prosecution he or she shall, at the Time of presenting such Petition, be detained in Custody, and the Amount of the Debts and Sums of Money, and also of such Costs as aforesaid, so far as the Amount of such Costs is ascertained, foe which such Prisoner shall be so detained, and shall pray to be discharged from Custody, and to have future Liberty of his or her Person against the Demands for which such Prisoner shall be then in Custody, and against the Demands of all other Persons who shall be or claim to be Creditors of such Prisoner at the Time of presenting silch Petition; which Petition shall be subscribed by the said Prisoner, and shall forthwith be filed in the said Court; and such Prisoner shall, at the Time of subscribing such Petition, duly execute a Conveyance and Assignment to the Provisional Assignee of the said Court, in such Manner and Form a3 the said Court shall direct, of all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest and Trust of such Prisoner, to all the Real and Personal Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner, excepting the Wearing Apparel and Bedding, and the Working Tools, Implements and other such Necessaries of such Prisoner, and his or her Family, not exceeding in the whole the Value of Twenty Pounds, so as to vest all such Real and Personal Estate and Effects in the said Provisional Assignee of the said Court; subject to a Proviso, that in case such Prisoner shall not obtain his Discharge by virtue of this Act, such Conveyance and Assignment shall, from and after the Dismissal of the Petition of such Prisoner praying for his Discharge, be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Court shall and may order and direct SUch Provisional Assignee, or such Assignee or Assignees as are hereinafter mentioned, to pay out of the said Estate and Effects before mentioned, 'to the said Prisoner, such Allowance for his or her Support and Maintenance, during such Prisoner's Confinement in actual Custody, as to the said Court shall seem reasonable and fit.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Prisoner shall, within the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Petition shall have been filed, or within such further Time as the said Court shall think reasonable, deliver into the said Court a Schedule, containing a full and true Description of all and every Person and Persons to whom such Prisoner shall be then indebted, or who to his or her Knowledge or Belief shall claim to be his or her Creditors, together with the Nature and Amount of such Debts and Claims respectively, distinguishing such as shall be admitted from such as shall be disputed by such Prisoner; and also a full, true and perfect Account of all the Estates and Effects, Real and Personal, m Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy of such Prisoner; and also of all Places of Benefit or Advantage, whether the Emoluments of the same arise from fixed Salaries or from Fees, or partly from the one and partly from the other; and also of all Pensions or Allowances of the said Prisoner, in Possession or Reversion, or held by any other Person or Persons for or on Behalf of the said Prisoner, or of and from which the said Prisoner derives or may derive any manner of Benefit or Advantage; and also all Rights and Powers of every Nature and Kind soever, which such Prisoner or any other Person or Persons

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59. 189

in Trust for such Prisoner, or for his or her Use, Benefit or Advantage, in any manner whatsoever, shall be seised or possessed of, or interested in, or entitled unto, or which such Prisoner, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Benefit, shall have any Power to dispose of, charge or exercise, for the Benefit or Advantage of such Prisoner, at the Time of presenting such Petition, together with a full, true and perfect Account of all Debts at such Time owing to such Prisoner, or to any Person or Persons in Trust for him or her, or for his or her Benefit or Advantage, either solely or jointly with any other Person or Persons, and the Names and Places of Abode of the several Persons from whom such Debts shall be due or owing, and of the Witnesses who can prove such Debts, so far as such Prisoner can set forth the same; and such Schedule shall also fully and truly Schedule also describe the Wearing Apparel and Bedding of such Prisoner, and to describe his or her Family, and the Working Tools and Implements and Ap-

other such Necessaries, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of pare &c* Fifteen Pounds, which may be excepted by such Prisoner from in the Operation of this Act, together with the Values of such excepted Articles respectively; and the said Schedules shall be subscribed by such Prisoner, and shall forthwith be filed in the said Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That when the said Court shall Court may ap-adjudge any Prisoner to be entitled to his or her Discharge, such point Aig-Court shall appoint a proper Person or proper Persons to be Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner, for an^ j^p - the Purposes of this Act; and when such Assignee or Assignees soner's Estate shall have signified to the said Court their Acceptance of the said to be assigned Appointment, the Estate, Effects, Rights and Powers of every to from such Prisoner vested in such Provisional Assignee as aforesaid, ProPs*nal shall, under the Orders of the said Court, be immediately assigned ssl*nec* by such Provisional Assignee or Assignees, in Trust for the Benefit of such Assignee or Assignees, and the rest of the Creditors of every such Prisoner, in respect of or in proportion to their respective Debts, according to the Provisions of this Act; and such How Assignees Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby fully empowered to sue, from time to time, as there may be Occasion, in his, her or their own Name or Names, for the Recovery, obtaining and enforcing any Estate, Effects or Rights of any such Prisoner; and also to execute any Trust or Power vested in or created for the Use or Benefit of any such Prisoner, but in Trust for the Benefit of such Assignee or Assignees and the rest of Creditors of every such Prisoner, according to the Provisions of this Act; and to give such Discharge and Discharges to any Person or Persons, who shall respectively be indebted to such Prisoner, as may be requisite; and every such Assignment as aforesaid, whether to a Assignment, Provisional or other Assignee or Assignees, shall be entered on the whether pro-Proceedings of the said Court, and an Office Copy of every such v, "onal Assignment shall be sufficient Evidence thereof; and the same, enteredonthe together with an Office Copy of the Petition of such Insolvent, Proceedings of and of the Adjudication of the said Court thereon, shall be and Court, be deemed good, full and sufficient Evidence, as against all Persons whatsoever, of the Imprisonment, Insolvency, Discharge and all and every other Matters and Things done under this Act, in

all

VJiOCK? 1C

190

C. 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Evidence.

Assignees to make immediate Sale of Effects of Prisoner.

Sale of Real Estates to be made with Approbation of Creditors.

Notice of Meeting.

At the End of Three Months, Dividends to be made, and so from time to time.

Thirty Days' Notice of Dividends.

Proof of Debts.

all Courts, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every such Assignment, in whatever Form the same shall be, shall be and be deemed and taken to be good and valid, and effectual to convey to and vest in the Assignee or Assignees named therein, all and* every Estate, Property, Power, Benefit, Matter and Thing whatsoever, which such Assignment, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, could or ought to convey; and every such Assignee or Assignees shall, with all convenient Speed, after his, her or their accepting such Assignment as aforesaid, use his, her or their best Endeavours to receive and get in the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner; and shall, with all convenient Speed, make Sale of all the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner vested in such Assignee or Assignees; and if such Prisoner shall be interested in or entitled to any Real Estate, either in Possession, Reversion or Expectancy, the same, within the Space of Two Months after such Assignment and Conveyance, or within such other Time as the said Court shall direct, shall be sold by Public Auction, in such Manner and at such Place or Places as the major Part of the Creditors of such Prisoner entitled to the Benefit thereof shall, under his, her or their* Hand or Hands approve, Thirty Days before any such Sale shall be made, which Approbation shall be given by the Majority of such Creditors, assembled together on any Notice in Writing published in the Dublin Gazette, and in some daily Paper printed and published in Dublin, if the Prisoner, before going to Prison, resided in the City or in the County of Dublin; and if such Prisoner resided elsewhere, then in some printed Newspaper which shall be published and generally circulated in or near the County, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Prisoner resided before ne or she was committed to Prison; and ^every such Assignee or Assignees, at the End of Three Months, at the furthest, from the Time of his, her or their accepting any such Assignment or Conveyance as aforesaid, and so from time to time, as Occasion shall require, shall make up an Account of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner; and make Oath in Writing, before the Chief Clerk of the said Court, or before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Town, Liberty or Place in which such Assignee or Assignees shall reside, that such Account contains a just and fair Account of the Estate and Effects of every such Prisoner, got in by or for such Assignee or Assignees, and of all Payments made in respect thereof; and that afi Payments in every such Account charged were truly and bona fide made and paid; which Accounts 50 sworn shall be filed with the Chief Clerk of the said Court; and if it shall appear, that such Assignee or Assignees has or have, in his, her or their hands, any Balance, wherewith a Dividend may be made amongst the Creditors of such Prisoner, whose Debts are expressed in the Schedule delivered by such Prisoner, such Assignee or Assignees shall forthwith declare the Amount of the Balance in his Hands, wherewith such Dividend may be made; and Notice of the making of every such Dividend shall be published in like manner as a Meeting of Creditors is hereinbefore directed to be published, Thirty Days at least before such Dividend shall be made; and every Creditor, whose Debt tihall be stated and admitted in the Prisoner's Schedule, shall be

allowed

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59

191

allowed to receive a Share of such Dividend, unless such Prisoner, or his or her Assignee or Assignees, or any other Creditor of such Prisoner, shall object to any such Debt; and in such case the Examination of same shall be examined into by the said Court, who shall have full them by the Power for that Purpose to require and compel the Production of Curtail Books, Papers and Writings which may be necessary to be Production of produced, as well by the Person or Persons claiming such Debt, Books, &c. as by the Prisoner against whom the same shall be claimed, or his or her Assignee or Assignees, and to examine all such Persons and their Witnesses on Oath, as the Nature of the case may require, and to take all other Measures necessary for the due Investigation of such Claim; and the Decision of the said Court upon such Claim shall be conclusive with respect to any Dividend of the Effects of such Prisoner, under the Provisions of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That any Office Copy of any Office Copies of Record, Proceeding or Instrument of or in the said Court, shall Proceedings to be attested by the Chief Clerk thereof, who shall be and be and

deemed the proper Officer in that Behalf; and that for providing chief Clerk at

and attesting any such Office Copy, such Clerk shall be entitled sd. per Sheet to receive Two Pence for every Sheet therein, every such Sheet to contain Seventy two Words and no more, unless the same shall be the last or only Sheet thereof, in which case such last or only Sheet may contain any Number of Words not exceeding Seventy two Words.

1 XIII. And Whereas Prisoners discharged by virtue of this Act may be entitled to Annuities for their own Lives, or other

uncertain Interests, or to reversionary or contingent Interest, or

to Property under such Circumstances that the immediate Sale thereof for Payment of their Debts may be very prejudicial to them, and deprive them of the Means of Subsistence, which they might otherwise have after Payment of their Debts; and it may be proper in some cases to authorize the raising of Money by way of Mortgage, for the Payment of the Debts or Part of

the Debts of a Prisoner discharged by virtue of this Act, and defraying the Expences attending the Execution of this Act,

instead of selling the Property of such Prisoner for such Purposes; Be it therefore enacted, That in all such cases it shall Court to give be lawful for the said Court to take into Consideration all Cir- *

cumstances affecting the Property of any Prisoner who shall be Annuitietor discharged by virtue of this Act, either at the time of the Dis- uncertain or charge of such Prisoner or at any subsequent time; and if it shall contingent appear to the said Court that it would be reasonable to make any Property of special Order touching the same, it shall be lawful for the said PriM>I, er5 Court so to do, and to direct that such Property as it may be expedient not to sell, or not to sell immediately, according to the Provisions of this Act, shall not be so sold, and from time to time to order and direct in what manner such Property shall be managed for the Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner until the same can be properly sold, or until Payment of all such Creditors according to the Provisions of this Act, and to make such Order touching the Sale or Disposition of such Property as to the said Court shall seem reasonable, considering the Rights of the Creditors of such Prisoner to the Payment of their Demands, and the future Benefit of such Prisoner after Payment of his or her

Debts,

C. 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Property of Prisoner mny be mortgaged, if more beneficial.

If Prisoner, Creditors or Court, are dis-satisfied with Assignees' Account, -or on Neglect of their Duty, Court may direct Inquiry.

Books, &c. to be produced.

f Sic.

Decision of Court final.

Annuity Creditors, &c. may receive Dividends, as under the Bankrupt Laws.

Debts, and upon such Terms and Conditions with respect to the Allowance of Interest on Debts not bearing Interest, or other Circumstances, as to the said Court shall seein just and fit; and if it shall appear to the said Court that the Debts of such Prisoner can be discharged by means of Money raised by way of Mortgage on any Property of such Prisoner instead of raising the same by Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Court so to order, and to give all necessary Directions for such Purpose, and generally to direct all Things which may be proper for the Discharge of the Debts of such Prisoner, in such manner as may be most consistent with the Interest of such Prisoner, in any Surplus of his or her Effects which may remain after Payment of such Debts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case such Prisoner, or any of his or her Creditors, or the said Court, shall at any Time be dis-satisfied with the Account of any Assignee or Assignees so rendered upon Oath as aforesaid, or in case any such Assignee or Assignees shall neglect to render such Account, or shall neglect to dispose of the Property or to collect the Effects of such Prisoner, or shall in any manner waste or mismanage the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner, or shall neglect to make a due Distribution thereof, it shall be lawful for such Court, on the Petition of any such Prisoner or Creditor as aforesaid, to require such Assignee or Assignees to render such Account on Oath as is directed by this Act, if not before rendered, and to examine any Account so rendered, and to inquire into any Waste, Mismanagement or Neglect of the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner, and to direct a proper Administration thereof, and ascertain the Produce of such Estate and Effects to be divided amongst the Creditors of such Prisoner, and to direct the Distribution thereof accordingly, and to require and compel the Production of all Books, Papers and Writings necessary for such Purposes, and to examine all Parties and their Witnesses on Oath, as the case may require, and to take all such Measures as shall be necessary for the compelling and rendering of such Account and the due Investigation thereof, and the proper Disposition and Distribution of the Effects of such Prisoner according to this Act, and to award Costs f any of the Parties as Justice shall require; and the Decisions of the said Court upon all such Matters shall be final and conclusive.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted* That all and every Creditor and Creditors of any such Prisoner for any Sum and Sums of Money payable by way of Annuity or otherwise at any future Time or Times, by virtue of any Bond, Covenant or other Securities, of any Nature whatsoever, may and shall be entitled to be admitted a Creditor or Creditors, and shall be entitled to receive a Dividend or Dividends of the Estate of such Prisoner, in such Manner and upon such Terms and Conditions os such Creditor or Creditors would have been entitled unto by the Laws now in force if such Prisoner had become Bankrupt; the Amount upon which such Dividend shall be calculated, and the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be received, being first settled by the said Court, and without Prejudice in future to their respective Securities, otherwise than as the same would have been affected by a Proof made in respect thereof by

a Cre-

1&3 GEO. IV.

A, D, 1821,

C. 59.

19S

a Creditor under a Commission of Bankrupt, and a Certificate obtained by the Bankrupt under puch Commission.

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Suit in Law How hr be proceeded in further than an Arrest in Mesne Process, or Suit Sult8 in Equity be commenced by any Assignee or Assignees of any ^h^con-the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner, without the Consent *ent of Majority of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who in Value of shall meet together pursuant to a Notice to be given Fourteen Creditors. Days at the ldast before such Meeting, in the Dublin Gazette or other Newspaper which shall be published in the Neighbourhood of the last Residence of such Prisoner, for that Purpose, nor without the Approbation of the said Court.

XVII. And Whereas many Persons who may claim the Be-

nefit, or be brought within the Operation of this Act, may be f seised and possessed of Lands and Tenements and Heredita-

rnents, to hold for the Term of their natural Lives, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on

such Estate, for One, Two or Three lives in Possession or Reversion, or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or have Powers over such Real or Personal Estate,

which such Prisoners could execute for their own Advantage,

which said Powers ought to be executed for the Benefit of the

Creditors of such Prisoners Be it therefore enacted, That in When Persons every such case, all and every the Powers of leasing such Lands, cl*j"i5gAe Tenements and Hereditaments, and all other such Powers as aforesaid, over such Real or Personal Estates, which are or shall be vested in any such Prisoner as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Assignee or Assignees of the Real and Personal Estate of such Prisoner, by virtue of this Act, so far as to 4*siSnce* the Prisoner could by Law vest such Power in any Person to whom he might lawfully have conveyed such Property, to be by such Assignee or Assignees executed for the Benefit of all and every the Creditors of such Prisoner as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Assignees, after lawful, at all times hereafter, for any Assignee or Assignees of jvin2 Notice in the Estate or Effects of any Prisoner, by and with the Consent may^ak^Com-of the major Part in Value of the Creditors of such Prisoner, who portion for shall be present at a Meeting to be had on Fourteen Days7 Notice Debts owing to previously given for the Purpose hereinafter mentioned in the Prisoner, and Dublin Gazette, if the Prisoner shall have been in Custody in the submit to Ar-City or in the County of Dublin, and if not, then also in some bltration* Newspaper which shall be published in the County, City or Place in or near which such Prisoner shall have been in such actual Custody; and with the Approbation of the said Court, to make Compositions with any Debtors or Accountants to such Prisoner, where the same shall appear necessary and reasonable, and to take such reasonable Part of any such Debts as can upon such Composition be gotten, in full Discharge of such Debts and Accounts, and to submit to Arbitration any Difference or Dispute between such Assignee or Assignees, and any Person or Persons, for or on account or by reason of any Matter, Cause or Thing relating to the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner; and every such Assignee or Assignees is and are hereby indemnified for what they shall fairly do in the Premises, in pursuance of this Act.

1 & 2 Geo. IV. O XIX. And

nefit of Act are seised of Lands, with Power to lease, like Power extended

194.

CT59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Court may remove and appoint new Assignees in case of Death or Removal.

fSto.

Assignees not delivering over Balance of Property.

Punishment.

Court to cause Notice in Dublin Gazette, &c. to Creditors* after Petition and Schedule filed.

Creditors may oppose Prisoner's Discharge. &c.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Assignee so appointed shall, at any time, be unwilling to act, or in case of the Death or Incapacity or Misconduct of any such Assignee, it shall be lawful to and for any Creditor of such Prisoner to apply to the said Court' to appoint a new Assignee or Assignees, with like Powers and Authorities as are given by this Act to the original Assignee or Assignees, and the said Court shall have Power to remove such Assignee, and to appoint such new Assignee or Assignees, and to oblige any Assignee who shall be Removed, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of any deceased Assignee, to account for and deliver up all such Estate and Effects, Books, Papers, Writings, Deeds and all other Evidences relating thereto, as shall remain in his or her Hands, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and the Decision of the said Court thereupon shall be final and conclusive; and from and immediately after such Appointment, all the Estate and Effects, Rights and Powers of the said Prisoner, vested either in the provisional Assignee or such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, shall become, and the same f hereby vested in such new Assignee or Assignees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Assignee or Assignees, or the Heirs, Executors or Administrators of any deceased Assignee or Assignees, shall not deliver over any Part of such Estate or Effects, or pay the Balance of the Produce of any such Estate or Effects, found to be in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees, or of such Heirs, Executors or Administrators as aforesaid, according to the Tenor of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, to order the Person or Persons so offending to be arrested, and committed to the County Gaol nearest to the Place, where they shall reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall have fulfilled the Duty required by this Act, or until the said Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Court shall forthwith, after such Petition and Schedule shall have been respectively filed in the said Court, cause Notice thereof to be given to the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be detained, or the Attorney or Agent of such Creditor or Creditors, and to the other Creditors named in the Schedule of such Prisoner, or such of them as the said Court shall think fit, and to be inserted in the Dublin Gazette, and also, if the said Court shall think necessary, in some other Newspaper or Newspapers; and shall appoint a Day and Place for the Hearing of the Matter of such Petition; and in case such Notice as the said Court shall direct shall have been given by any Creditor of his or her Intention to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, it shall and may be lawful, both for the said Creditor and any other Creditor or Creditors of the said Prisoner, to oppose the Discharge of such Prisoner, and for that Purpose to put such Question to such Prisoner, and examine such Witnesses as the said Court shall think fit, touching the Matters contained in such Petition and Schedule, and touching such other Matters as the said Court shall be of Opinion that it may be fit and proper to inquire into, in order to the due Execution of this Act; but no Creditor shall oppose or examine the

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59.

i96

Discharge of such Prisoner, until he shall make Oath or Affidavit of his Debt, or otherwise satisfy the Court of his Right to oppose such Prisoner's Discharge, if required so to do by such Prisoner;

Provided also, that at such Hearing any Creditor or Creditors so Accounts of

opposing may require, or the Court may, if it shall deem it ne- Prisoner may

cessary, order that it shall be referred to the Chief Clerk of the officer

said Court to investigate the Accounts of the said Prisoner, and CourL 

to examine into the Truth of the Schedule of such Prisoner, and

to report thereon to the said Court; and the said Court may at

such Hearing proceed on the other Matters in Opposition to the

Discharge of such Prisoner, or adjourn the said Hearing thereof

until such Officer shall have so made his Report; and in case such If Prisoner not

Prisoner shall not be opposed, and the Court shall be satisfied opposed, and

with the said Schedule, and that such Prisoner is entitled to the

Benefit of this Act, then and in such case such Court shall so prisoner to be

declare, and shall order such Prisoner to be discharged from discharged

Custody forthwith, or so soon as such Prisoner shall have been forthwith, or as

in Custody at the Suit of One or more of the Persons who were toon as he shall

Creditors at the Time of the petitioning, or who have since become

Creditors in respect of Debts then growing due for such Period or MonthZ

Periods, not exceeding Six Months in the whole, as the said Court

shall direct, to be computed from the Time of filing the Petition

of such Prisoner, and shall in such Order specify the several Debts

of the said Prisoner, to which such Discharge shall apply; and To what Pro-

such Discharge shall extend to all Process issuing from any Court ces Discharge

for any Contempt of any Court, ecclesiastical or civil, by Non- shall exte, Kh

payment of Money, or of Costs or Expences in any Cause or

Proceeding in any Court, ecclesiastical or civil; and in case it

shall appear to such Court, that the Opposition to the Petition of

such Prisoner, by any of such Creditors, is frivolous and vexatious,

that then it shall and may be lawful for such Court to award such

Costs to such Prisoner as shall appear unto the Court to be just

and reasonable.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear When it shall to the said Court that such Prisoner shall, with intent to conceal appear to the the State of his Affairs, or to defeat to f Objects of this Act, have ^u, t destroyed or otherwise wilfully prevented, or purposely withheld, the Production of any Books, Papers or Writings relating to such Books, oracted of his Affairs as are subject to Investigation under this Act, or fraudulently, shall have kept or caused to be kept false Books, or made false Term of Entries, or have wilfully and fraudently altered or falsified any IroP, nment such Books, Papers or Writings, or shall in any respect have been guilty of Fraud, in discharging, concealing or altering any Debt years, due to or from the said Prisoner, or shall have fraudulently made away with, charged, mortgaged or concealed any Part of his or her Property of what Kind soever, either before or after the Commencement of his or her said Imprisonment, for the Purpose of diminishing the Sum to be divided among his or her Creditors, or of giving an undue Preference to any of the said Creditors, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order that such Prisoner shall not be discharged out of Custody by virtue of this Act, or receive or be entitled to any Protection under the same, until he shall have been in Custody at the Suit of some or more of the Persons who were Creditors at the Time of his pe-

O 2 titioning

I

C. 59.

le& 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

When Prisoners shall have contracted Debts fraudulently. See. or put their Creditors to any unnecessary Expence, the Court may extend Time of Imprisonment to Two Years.

Court may order Creditors to pay Prisoners any Sum not exceeding 4a. per Wei.

If not paid. Prisoner discharged.

Tn what case, after Prisoner's Committal, Affidavits of Creditors received in Opposition to D-charge,

titionrng the said Court, of had since become Creditors in respect of Debts then growing due, and from whose Claims be shall be discharged by the Judgment of the said Court, for such Period or Periods, not exceeding Three Years in the whole, as the said Court shall direct, to be computed from the filing of such Prisoner's Petition to the said Court.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Court, that any such Prisoner shall have contracted any of his Debts fraudulently, or by means of false Pretences, or without having had any reasonable or probable Expectation, at the Time when contracted, of paying the same, or shall be indebted for Damages recovered in any Action for Criminal Conversation, or for seducing the Daughter of the Plaintiff in such Action, or in any Action for a malicious Prosecution, or for any other malicious Injury, or shall have put any of his or her Creditors to any unnecessary Expence by any vexatious or frivolous Defence to any Suit for recovering the same, it shall and may be lawful for such Court to order that such Prisoner shall not be discharged out of Custody by virtue of this Act, or be entitled to any Benefit or Protection under the same, as to any Debt so contracted, or as to any Damages so incurred, or as to any Debt for recovering of which he shall so have occasioned unnecessary Expence as aforesaid, until he shall have been in Custody at the Suit of the Creditor or Creditors whose Debts shall have been so contracted, or Damages so incurred, or who shall have been so put to Expence, for such Period or Periods not exceeding Two Years in the whole, as the said Court shall direct, to be computed as aforesaid

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all cases where such Prisoner shall not be ordered to be discharged forthwith, but to be liable to Imprisonment, at the Suit of his or her Creditor or Creditors, or of any or either of them, it shall be lawful for the said Court, in case it shall think right under the Circumstances of the case so to do, on the Application of such Prisoner, to order the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, to pay to such Prisoner such Sum or Sums not exceeding the Rate of Four Shillings by the Week in the whole, at such times and in such manner as the said Court shall direct; and that on Failure of Payment thereof, as directed by the said Court, such Prisoner shall be forthwith discharged from Custody, at the Suit of the Creditor or Creditors so failing to pay the same.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Prisoner, after his Commitment to actual Custody as aforesaid, shall be removed by any Writ of Habeas Corpus or otherwise, from the Plaoe of such actual Custody, or shall be rendered in discharge of his Bail, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to receive the Affidavits of any Creditor or Creditors, or of any other Person or Persons in Opposition to the Discharge of such Prisoner under this Act; and also, if such Court shall think fit, to permit Interrogatories to be filed for the Examination or Cross Examination of every Person making or joining in such Affidavit; and also to stay the Discharge of every suph Prisoner, until such Interrogatories shall be fully answered to the Satisfaction of such Court:

Provided

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59.

197

except Dublin and County.

Order of Court for Discharge of Prisoner filial, unless obtained upon false Evidence, &c.

In what case

Prisoner may be remanded, and afterwards brought up for Examination.

f Sic-Perjury.

Provided always, that this shall not extend to any Prisoner who shall have been in such actual Custody or arrested within the County of Dublin or the County of the City of Dublin.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That such Order of the said Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner shall, in all cases, be final and conclusive, and shall not be reviewed by. the said Court, unless such Court so making the said Order shall, after such Order made, see good and sufficient Cause to believe that such Adjudication, and the Order founded thereon, shall have been made on false Evidence, or otherwise fraudulently obtained, in which case it shall and may be lawful for any Creditor of the said Prisoner to apply to the said Court to direct the said Prisoner to be brought again before the Court; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, upon due Notice to be given by such Creditor, to rehear the said Matter, and to receive such further or new Evidence, and make such further Order, and as to the said Court shall seem fit, in execution of and according to the Powers in thi*>

Act contained, and to proceed thereon as if the same had been the original Hearing of the case of such Prisoner: Provided always, that in case such Court shall entertain any Doubt touching any Matter alleged against such Prisoner at the Time of his final Examination before mentioned, to prevent the Discharge, or touching the Examination of such Prisoner, it shall be lawful for such Court to remand such Prisoner to Custody, and afterwards to cause such Prisoner to be again brought up for Examination, as often as f the said Court shall seem fit.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Prisoner who shall apply for his or her Discharge, under the Provisions of this Act, or any Persons taking any Oath under the Provisions of this Act, Shall wilfully swear falsely in any Oath to be so taken, and shall be lawfully convicted thereof, he or she so offending shall be deemed guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall suffer such Punishment as by Law may be inflicted on Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XXVIII. And be it farther enacted, That when an Order for the Discharge of any Prisoner shall be made by the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, the said Court may also order, that a Judgment shall be entered up against such Prisoner, in some one of the superior Courts in Dublin, in the Name of the Assignee or Assignees of such frisoner, or of such Provisional Assignee as aforesaid, if no other Assignee shall then have been _ appointed and shall have accepted the Office, for the Amount bf *?ner , n n# of the Debts of such Prisoner which shall at the Time of such Order the remain due and unpaid, and from which such Prisoner shall be discharged by such Order, and the said Prisoner shall execute a Warrant of Attorney to authorize the entering up such Judgment, and such Judgment shall have the Force of a Recognizance, and suck Order of the Court established by virtue of this Act shall be a sufficient Authority to the proper Officer for entering up such Judgment; and when it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Court, that such Prisoner is of Ability to pay such Debts, or any Part thereof or that he is dead, leaving Assets for that Purpose, the said Court my permit Execution to be taken out upon such Judgment, or put in force any other Power given

0 3 by

When Order fh Discharge of Prisoner is made, Co art roay nrder Judgment to be entered up against Pri-ler in On t Superior Courts, &c

Court may permit Execution to be taken out oil such Judgment, where there are Assets,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Qi 59.

ncceasary.

Costs on vexatious Application against Prisoner.

where such Prisoner in Custody. Exception* Dublin and County.

and the Pri- by this Act against the Property acquired by such Prisoner after to"^ his Discharge, for such Sum of Money as, under all the Circura-

pmy* stances of such Prisoner's Case, the Court shall think proper, and the said Court shall order such Sum to be distributed rateably amongst the Creditors; and such further Proceedings shall and may be had, according to the Discretion of the said Court, from time to time, until the Whole of the Debts due to the several Persons against whom such Discharge shall have been obtained shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with such Costs as such No Scire Facias Court shall think fit to award; and no Scire Facias shall be necessary to revive such Judgment on account of any Lapse of Time, but Execution shall at all times issue thereon, by virtue of the Order of the said Court: Provided always, that in case any such Application against such Prisoner shall appear to the Court to be ill founded and vexatious, it shall be lawful for the Court not only to refuse to make any Order on such Application, but also to dismiss the same, with such Costs as to the Court shall appear reasonable.

Court may

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Prisoner

make Order to Shall be in Custody in any County Gaol or other Gaol or Prison t"cSurtHouse lu ^re^an^> except in the County of Dublin, or County of the in Aue Town City of Dublin, upon any Process whatsoever, out of any of His Majesty's superior Courts in Dublin, or out of any Court whatsoever in Ireland, then and in such case, upon Petition being made to the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors by such Prisoner, in manner directed by this Act, and upon such Schedule being delivered into the said Court as is required by this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court, and the said Court is hereby authorized and required, on the Application of such Prisoner, to make a Rule or Order, to cause such Prisoner to be brought to and to appear at the Court House in the Assize Town for the County, County of a City or County of a Town, where such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, on such Day and at such Time as shall be mentioned and specified in such Order, not being more than Four Calendar Months after the Date of such Order; and the Expence of conveying such Prisoner to any such Assize Town, in every case where the Gaol in which such Prisoner shall be confined shall not be situate within such Assize Town, not exceeding One Shilling a Mile, shall be paid to the Keeper or Gaoler or Officer who shall bring such Prisoner to such Assize Town, in Obedience to such Rule or Order, out of the Estate or Effects of such Prisoner, if the same shall be sufficient to pay such Expence, and if not, then such Expence shall be paid by the Treasurer of the County, County of a City or County of a Town, in which such Prisoner shall be imprisoned, as the same shall be directed or ordered by the Commissioner of the said Court before whom such Prisoner shall be brought; and the Grand Jury of such County, County of a City or County of a Town, is hereby empowered and required to present the Amount thereof at the Assizes next ensuing the Day mentioned in such Rule or Order; and Notice of every such Petition and Schedule of such Prisoners, and also of such Rule or Order of the Court for bringing such Prisoner to such Assize Town thereupon, shall be given i n manner required by this Act, to all and every the several Pe rsons re *

quired

Expence of conveying Prisoner to Aaabe Town paid to Keeper, &c.

Notice of Petition.

A.D. 182>

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59.

199

quired to have Notice of such Petition as aforesaid, Fourteen Day* at the least before the Day mentioned in such Order, for the Appearance of such Prisoner at such Assize Town.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That on such Day, so appointed by Order of the said Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, it shall be lawful for any one Commissioner of the said Court, and he is hereby authorized and required to attend at the Court House in such Assize Town, and to proceed on such Day, and from Day to Day, if requisite, in hearing the Matter of the Petition of any and every such Prisoner or Prisoners, who shall appear at or be brought to such Assize Town, and to pronounce any such Judgment, and to make all such Orders, and to give all such Directions, and to do all such other Matters and Things requisite for the discharging or remanding of any and every such Prisoner, and for the Assignment and Application of the Estate and Effects of any and every such Prisoner; and such Commissioner shall have such Power to discharge or to remand any and every such Prisoner, and in all other Respects to act and do with respect to any and every such Prisoner, and with respect to the Petition of any and every such Prisoner, and the Matter of the same, and with respect to the Estate and Effects of any and every such Prisoner, and with respect to the Creditors of any and every such Prisoner, as the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors could or might do under or by virtue of this Act, if such Petition had been presented to the said Court in open Court, during the Sitting of the said Court in Dublin^ any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Judgments, Orders, Directions, Proceedings, Acts, Matters and Things, for or relating to the discharging or remanding of any and every such Prisoner, so made, given, taken or done by such Commissioner, shall be as good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Judgments, Orders, Directions, Proceedings, Acts, Matters and Things had been done by the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Dublin, in open Court, during the Sitting of the said Court, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and the same shall be made a Record of the Proceedings in such Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors at Dublin, and shall be transmitted to such Court, signed by such Commissioner, to be a Record of the said Court, and to be kept as such among the Records thereof.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That one of the said Commissioners of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or each of the said Commissioners alternately, shall, from time to time, make a Circuit or Circuits to, and give his Attendance at the several Assize Towns at which any Prisoner or Prisoners shall be ordered to appear in manner aforesaid, so that there shall be Three such Circuits in each Year, if requisite; and that while one of the said Commissioners shall be making and attending on such Circuit, the other of the said Commissioners shall be attendant and presiding in the said Court in Dublin; and the Time and Manner of making such Circuits, and the Officers necessary to attend the Commissioners making the same, shall be regulated in such manner as shall be agreed on between the Two Commissioners of the said Court, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland.

O 4 XXXII. And

Commissioner to attend at such Court House, and give such Relief to Prisoners, or otherwise act in respect of them as if they appeared in the Insolvent Court in Dublin.

The same to be of Record in the Insolvent Court.

Time of making Circuits by Commissioners for discharging Prisoners in the County.

C. 59.

1&* GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Clerk of the Peace to Set at Clerk to Commissioner.

tee to Clerks.

Notice of Attendance of Commissioner in each Countj.

Prisoner discharged under this Act not subject to Imprisonment under any Judgment, &c.

Proceedings upon Arrest or Detainer.

Costa,

In Action for Escape, &c.

General Issue.

XXXII. And be k further enacted, That the Clerk of the Peace in every County, or County of a City or Town, may act as Clerk to any Commissioner under this Act, to assist him in the Performance of his several Dutie* under this Act, in such County, or County of a City ofc Towii; and in case such Clerk of the Peace shall* in Consideration and Recompence of and for his said Trouble, be entitled to receive from every such Prisoner, in whose case he shall so act, a Sum of Five Shillings British, and no more, the same to be in lieu of ail Fees of every Nature and Kind, for the Performance of the Duties under this Act, and such Fee shall be paid previous to the bringing up of such Prisoner before such Commissioner.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Notice of the Time of the Attendance of such Commissioner in each County shall be given in some public Journal or Newspaper published in each such County respectively, Once in each of the Two Weeks immediately preceding the Time appointed for such Attendance.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Prisoner wjio shall have obtained his or her Discharge by virtue of this Act shall at any time after such Discharge be imprisoned by reason of the Judgment so as aforesaid entered up against him or her, in the Name of such Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid; or of any Judgment or Decree, or Order obtained for Payment of Money only, or for Debts, Damages, Contempt of any Court, ecclesiastical or civil, by Nonpayment of Money, or Costs contracted, incurred, occasioned, owing or growing due, at the Time of the Commencement of such actual Custody* and expressed in such Discharge; or shall be detained in Prison for any Costs, taxed or untaxed, to the Payment of which he ihay be then liable in consequence or by reason of any Contempt, Or in order to the paying the same; but that upon every Arrest or Detainer in Prison, upon any such Judgment Or Decree or Order, or for or on Account of any such Debt, Damages, Contempt, Costs, Sum and Sums of Money, it shall and may be lawful for any Judge of the Court from which any such Process shall have issued, upon shewing to such Judge a Copy of the Order of the Court for Relief of Insolvent Debtors, for such Discharge as aforesaid, attested by the Chief Clerk of the said Court, to release from Custody such Prisoner as aforesaid; and at the same time, if such Judge shall in his Discretion think fit so to do, to order the Plaintiff in such Suit or Suits, or any Person or Persons suing out such Process, to pay such Prisoner the Costs which he or she shall have incurred on such Occasion, or so^ much thereof as to such Judge shall seem just and reasonable, such Prisoner causing a common Appearance to be entered for him or her in the Action or Suit for any such Debt as aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, Thatifany Action of Escape, Or any Suit or Action, be brought against any Commissioner, Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper of any Prison or any Person* for performing the Duty of his Office in pursuance of this Act* such Commissioner, Sheriff, Gaoler, Keeper or other Person* may plead the General Issue, mid give this Act in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his or her Action, or

Judg-

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59.

201

Judgment shall be had upon Demurrer, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs. Treble Costs.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That after the said Court Where Prisoner for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or any Commission of the declared entitled said Court, in Execution of this Act, shall have declared any Benefit of Prisoner to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act as aforesaid, nO iasua Writ of Fieri facias shall issue on any Judgment before then against such obtained against such Prisoner, for any Debt contracted or Cause Prisoner for of Action arising before the Time of the Commencement of Debt con-such actual Custody as aforesaid, except upon some Judgment touted prior to entered up by Order of the Court as aforesaid; and that, if any Writ of Scire facias, or Action of Debt, or any other Suit or cept jutjgl Action, shall be. brought against any Prisoner, his or her Heirs, ments entered Executors or Administrators, upon any Judgment obtained against under this Act. any such Prisoner, or on any Statute or Recognizance acknow- *>7

ledged by him or her, or any other Cause of Action arising before gu^h>^#m the Commencement of such actual Custody, except upon the Judgment entered up against such Prisoner under the Order of the Court as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any such Prisoner, his ot her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, to plead generally, that such Prisoner was duly discharged according to this Act, by the Order by which such Discharge shall have been obtained, and that such Discharge remains in force, without pleading any other Matter specially, whereto the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall or may reply any other Matter or Thing which may shew the Defendant or Defendants not to be entitled to the Benefit of this Act, or that such Prisoner was not duly discharged according to the Provisions of this Act, in the same manner as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs might have replied in case the Defendant or Defendants had pleaded this Act, and his Discharge by virtue of this Act specially; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffe be nonsuited or discontinue his or her Action, or Verdict pass against him, her or them, or Judgment shall be had on Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Costs: Provided always, Proviso for that it shall be lawful to proceed against any Prisoner so discharged. Proceedings on upon any Judgment, Recognizance or other Security obtained Judgment^ &c. or given, and which could not have been put in force against b^ut^foroi* such Prisoner at the Time of his obtaining such Discharge; any at Discharged thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That When Prisoner in case any such Prisoner shall, after his Discharge out of Custody alter Ditchsrg* as aforesaid, become entitled to or possessed in his or her own Right of any Stock in the Public Funds, or of any Bill of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes, Legacies or other Chose! ^mnot bo taken in Action, or other Property which by Law cannot be taken in in EMcmton Execution under any such Judgment so to be entered up in the tohder mch Names of the said Assignee or Assignee* as aforesaid, and such Jtfdpnotit, Prisoner shall have refused to convey, assign or transfer such Stock, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes, Legacies to Conn, or other ChosCs in Action or other Property, or so much of them as may be sufficient to satisfy the said Judgment; then and in such case It shall and may be lawful for the Assignee or Assignees to abply by a Petition in a Summary Way, setting fbrth the Facta Of the Case to the Court, and to pray that the said Prisoner may

C. 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Court may order Prisoner to be apprehended and remanded.

When Persons in trust for Prisoner after Discharge, become possessed of Property, Court to give notice and make Order for retaining such Property in the Hands of any Person or Body Corporate,

Limitation of such Order.

Persons admitted Attornies or Solicitors may act as Attornies or Agents on Behalf of Prisoners, without Fee.

be taken and remanded to Custody, notwithstanding any such Discharge; and thereupon, if upon Examination by the said Court, and hearing as well the said Assignee or Assignees as the said Prisoner, in case he shall appear, or the said Atssignee or Assignees only, in case such Prisoner shall not appear, due Notice having been given to him, it shall appear to the said Court that the Contents of such Petition are true; then and in such case such Court shall so declare and adjudge, and shall thereupon order the said Prisoner to be apprehended and remanded to Custody, to the same Prison from which such Prisoner shall have been discharged, until he shall convey, assign and transfer such Stock, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes, Legacies or other Choses in Action, or other Property, or so much thereof as the Court shall direct, towards the Satisfaction of such Judgment, to such Assignee or Assignees, for the general Benefit of the Creditors of such Prisoner.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, shall, after the Discharge of any such Prisoner out of Custody as aforesaid, become possessed of or have under his, her or their Power or Controul, any Stock in the Public Funds, or any Legacy, Money due or growing due, Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes, Bank Notes, Securities for Money, Goods, Chattels or any other Property whatsoever, belonging to such Prisoner, or held in Trust for him, or for his Use and Benefit, or to which such Prisoner shall be in any way entitled; or in case any such Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, shall be in any manner indebted to such Prisoner, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court, upon the Application of any Assignee or Creditor of such Prisoner, to cause Notice to be given to such Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, directing him or them to hold and retain the said Property, till the said Court shall make further Order concerning the same; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Court further to order such Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, to deliver over such Property and to pay such Debts as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, into the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity of the Chief Clerk of the said Court, or to the Assignee or Assignees of such Prisoner, for the general Benefit of his Creditors entitled to claim under such Judgment, entered up by Order of the said Court as aforesaid: Provided always, that in case no such further Order shall be made by the said Court within Three Calendar Months next after the Date of such Notice, then and from thenceforth such Notice shall be null and void altogether.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Persons, being sworn and admitted Attornies in any of the superior Courts, or Solicitors in the Court of Chancery, to practise in the Court which shall be established by virtue of this, as Attornies or Agents on Behalf of such Prisoners in such actual Custody as aforesaid, or of their Creditors or other Suitors of the said Court respectively, without the Payment of any Fee or Gratuity whatsoever; and that in case any Person, not sworn and admitted as aforesaid, shall practise in the said Court as an Attorney or Agent on the Behalf of any Prisoner in such

actual

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59.

203

actual Custody as aforesaid, or of any Creditor or other Person, he shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Contempt of the said Court.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in cases wherein by this Act an Oath is required, the solemn Affirmation of any Person being a Quaker shall* and may be accepted and taken in lieu thereof; and every Person making such Affirmation, who shall be convicted of wilful false Affirmation, shall incur and suffer such and the same Penalties as are inflicted and imposed upon Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case any Prisoner shall, with Intent to defraud his Creditor or Creditors, wilfully and fraudulently omit in his Schedule as aforesaid any Effects or Property whatsoever, or shall retain or except out of the Schedule, as Wearing Apparel, Bedding, Working Tools and Implements, and other Necessaries,

Affirmation of a Quaker allowed.

Prisoner wilfully omitting, &c. in Schedule, (except Wearing Apparel,

&c. not exceeding 151.) sub-

more in Value than Fifteen Pounds, every such Person so offend- i* to, Th *

: ____ i d_____j:________i lL Ymrs Im-

piaonment.

Before whom Affidavits are to be sworn.

ing, and any Person aiding and assisting him to do the same, shall, upon being thereof convicted by due Course of Law, be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and thereupon it shall and may be lawful for the Court before whom such Offender shall have been so tried and convicted to sentence such Offender to be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour for any Period of Time not exceeding Three Years.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Affidavits to be used before the said Court, or any Commissioner thereof, shall and may be sworn before the said Court or any such Commissioner, or before any of the superior Courts of Law or any Officer of the said Court, who may be authorized to take Affidavits, or any Master Extraordinary in Chancery or Commissioner for taking Affidavits in any of the superior Courts of Law in Dublin; and that no Conveyance, Assignment, Letter of At- No Proceeding torney, Affidavit or other Proceedings before or under any Order liable 10 Stamp of the said Court, shall be liable to or chargeable with the Pay- Duty' m/ent of any Stamp or other Duty whatsoever.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum of Three R* -

Shillings and no more shall be paid to any Printer or Proprietor V*Jertk?n of of any Newspaper, for the Insertion of any Advertisement herein-before directed to be inserted in any Newspaper; and all Printers and Proprietors of Newspapers are hereby required to insert the same on Payment of the said Sum of Three Shillings for the Insertion thereof, in such Form as the said Court snail, from time to time, direct; and that no such Advertisement shall be NoStampDuty, liable to the Payment of or chargeable or charged with any Stamp or other Duty whatsoever.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, Clerk of the Peace, Officer or other Person in anywise concerned in the Execution of any Duties or Powers under this Act, shall, on any Account or under any Pretence whatsoever, take, accept or receive any Fee, Gratuity or Reward, for or in respect of any Matter or Thing done by him in or about the Execution of the said Duties or Power, save as in this Act is expressly provided; and if any such Person shall offend herein, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

No Fees for Duties performed under this Act.

Exception.

C. 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Powers of

Commissioners

under

53 G. 3. c. 138.

54 G. 3. c. 114. 56 G. 3. c. 126. continued as to Persons discharged under these Acts.

Former Records to be delivered over to the Chief Clerk.

Proviso as to Assignees of Effects of Officers of the Army or Navy, &c. or Beneficed Clergymen.

Sequestration of Profit of Benefice may be applied for. Portion of Phy of Officers may be obtained by Application.

XLV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Powers given to the superior Courts in Dublin respectively, by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors in Ireland and of an Act passed in the Fifty

fourth, and of one other Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of Hu

said late Majesty's Reign, to amend the said Act of the Fifty third Year, should be continued and vested in the Court established by virtue of this Act, in so far as any of the same relate to the Persons who have already obtained their Discharge by virtue of those Acts or any of them, and their Estate and Effects Be it further enacted, That the Court to be established by virtue of this Act shall and may exercise all such Powers, and do all such Acts, and make all such Orders, respecting Persons who have already obtained their Discharge by virtue of the said recited Acts, of any of them, or their Estate and Effects, or their respective Assignee or Assignees, or the Provisional Assignee appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, as might have been exercised, done and made by the said Courts respectively, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, in case the said recited Acts had been continued by this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Records, Papers and Documents of and concerning the Discharge of Insolvents, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, shall, immediately after the Time when the Court to be established by virtue of this Act shall have been fully constituted and established as aforesaid, be delivered over to the Chief Clerk of the said last mentioned Court, by the Officer or Officers, or other Persons having the Custody of the same, and which said Records shall be deemed and taken to be Records of the Court to be established by virtue of this Act.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to entitle the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of Such Prisoner, being an Officer of the Army or Navy, or in the Naval or Military Service of the East India Company, or a Beneficed Clergyman or Curate, to the Play or Pension of such Officer, or to the Income of such Benefice or Curacy, for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for such Assignee or Assignees to apply for and obtain a Sequestration of the Profit of any such Benefice for the Payment of the Debts of any such Clergyman, and the Order for the Discharge of such Clergyman shall be a sufficient Warrant for granting of such Sequestration, without any Writ or other Proceedings to authorize the same; and such Sequestration shall accordingly be issued as the same might have been issued upon any Writ of Levari facias, founded upon any Judgment against such Clergyman: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Court to order such Portion of the Pay or Half Pay or Pension of any such Officer of the Army or Navy, or Naval or Military Service of the East India Company, as on Communication from the said Court to the Secretary of War or the Lords Commsnioners of the Admiralty, or the Court of Directors of the United East India Company, be or they may respectively consent to by Writing under the Hand of the said Secretary at

A.D. 1821.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 09.

905

War, or the Lord* Commissioners or Secretary of the Admiralty, or the said Secretary of the Court of Directors, ta be applied in Payment of his Debts, and for that Purpose to be paid to his Assignee or Assignees; and such Order ami Consent being lodged in the Office of the Paymaster of His Majesty's Forces, or of the Treasurer of the Navy, or of the said Secretary of the said Court of Directors, as the case shall require, such Paymaster or Treasurer or Secretary shall give Directions accordingly, and such Portion of the Pay, Half Pay or Pension of such Officer, as shall be specified in such Order and Consent, shall be paid to his Assignee or Assignees, until the said Court shall make Order to the contrary.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to discharge any Prisoner seeking the Benefit of this Act, with respect to any Debts due to His Majesty or His Successors, or to any Debt or Penalty with which any such Prisoner shall stand charged at the Suit of the Crown, or of any Person for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's Revenues of Customs, Excise or* Stamps, or any of them, or any Branches of the Public Revenue, or at the Suit of any Sheriff or other Public Officer upon any Bail Bond entered into for the Appearance of any Person prosecuted for any Offence committed against any Act or Acts of Parliament relative to His Majesty's said Revenues of Customs, Excise or Stamps, or any other Branches of Public Revenue, unless Three of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being shall certify under their Hands their Consent to such Discharge.

XLIX. And be k further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who may now or shall hereafter be imprisoned under or by virtue of any Writ of Capias, in or on any immediate Extent or Extents issued and remaining in force, at the Instance or for the Benefit and Reimbursement of any Surety or Sureties, or other Person or Persons, or the Inhabitants of any Parish, Ward or Place, who shall or may have advanced and paid the Debt to the Crown, and by reason whereof the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury may not be authorized to give their Consent as last aforesaid, to apply to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, for his, her or their Discharge, giving One Month's previous Notice in Writing to the Surety or Sureties, or Person or Persons aforesaid, or to the Churchwardens of the Parish, Ward or Place, at whose Instance or for whose Benefit respectively such Extent or Extents shall remain in force, of the Intention of such Person or Persons so imprisoned to make such Application, and an Enumeration and Description of all and every the Property, Debts and Effects whatsoever of such Person or Persons, in his, her or their own Possession or Power, or in the Possession or Power of any other Person or Persons for his, her or their Use, and for the said-Court to whom such Application shall be made, to order such Person or Persons to be brought before them, or before any Baron of the said Court, to be examined upon Oath touching and concerning his, her or their Property and fifeets; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall upon such Examination make a full Disclosure of all His, her or their Property

Proceedings.

Act not to extend to Crown Debtors, unless Treasury give Consent.

Prisoners under

Writ of Cepiae, in Cases of Extents as herein mentioned, may apply to the Barons of Exchequer to be discharged.

Proceedings

thereon.

Examination upon Oath.

206

C. 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Uncertificated Bankrupts not entitled to Discharge under this Act, unless in Custody for Three Years.

Person having taken Benefit of Insolvent Act, not entitled to further Relief within Five Years, unless in the Cases herein mentioned.

Mode of Proceeding with Prisoners of unsound Mind.

and Effects, and it shall otherwise appear, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, reasonable and proper that such Person or Persons shall be no longer imprisoned under such Writ, it shall be lawful for such Court or Baron to order a Writ of Supersedeas quoad Corpus to be issued out of the said Court, for the Liberation of such Person or Persons from such Imprisonment: Provided always, that no such Liberation as aforesaid, of any Debtor so in Custody under an Extent, shall be held or deemed to satisfy or supersede such Extent or any Proceedings thereon, except as to such Imprisonment as aforesaid, or to discharge the Debt or Debts for which such Person or Persons shall be so imprisoned.

L. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Prisoner against whom any Commission of Bankrupt shall have issued and shall remain in force, and who shall not have obtained a Certificate of his or her Conformity to the several Statutes concerning Bankrupts under such Commission, shall be entitled to be discharged by virtue of this Act, from any Debt for which such Prisoner shall be detained in Custody, and which might have been proved under such Commission, unless such Prisoner shall have been so detained in Prison for the Space of Three Years before the Time when such Prisoner shall apply for his or her Discharge under this Act.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have been at any Time discharged by virtue of this Act, or of any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, shall again be entitled to the Benefit thereof, within the Space of Five Years after such Discharge, unless Three Fourths in Number and Value of the Creditors against whom such Person shall seek to be discharged by virtue of this Act shall signify his or her Assent to such Discharge, or it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, that such Person has, since his or her former Discharge, endeavoured by Industry and Frugality to pay all just Demands -upon him or her, and has incurred no unnecessary Expence, and that the Debts which such Person has incurred subsequently to such former Discharge have been necessarily incurred for the Maintenance of such Person, or his or her Family, or that the Insolvency of such Person has arisen from Misfortune, or Inability to acquire Subsistence for himself or herself, and his or her Family.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall at any Time be a Prisoner in any such Prison as aforesaid, upon any such Process as aforesaid, shall be or become of unsound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Act, in such manner as he or she might have done, if of sound Mind, the Gaoler or Keeper of such Prison shall forthwith require Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place, wherein such Prison shall be, to attend at the said Prison, and inquire into the State of Mind of such Prisoner; and thereupon, and also in case any such Justices shall receive Information by other Means, that any such Prisoner is of unsound Mind as aforesaid, such Justices shall go to the said Prison, and by their own View, and by Examination on Oath of such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to examine, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to administer,) shall inquire into the State of

C. 59.

207

zette, &c.

Service of Notice on Creditor.

Mind of such Prisoner; and if it shall appear to such Justices upon such Inquiry that such Prisoner is of unsound Mind, and therefore incapable of taking the Benefit of this Act in such a manner as a Person of sound Mind might do, such Justices shall forthwith make a Record of the Fact, which Record shall contain the Names of the Witnesses who shall by such Justices have been examined, and such Justices shall certify the same to the Court to be established by virtue of this Act; and thereupon it shall be lawful for Notice of Pro-such Court, at the Instance of any Person or Persons, on Behalf of ceedings in the such Prisoner, to order Notice to be inserted in the Dublin Dublin G* Gazette, and in Two or more public Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Prison, and in the Neighbourhood of the usual Residence of such Prisoner before he or she was committed to such Prison, as the said Court shall see fit; and shall in such Order specify and direct, that Application will be made to such Court for the Discharge of such Prisoner, on any Day to be specified in such Order, being Fourteen Days at least from the Day of Publication of such one of such Gazettes and Newspapers containing such Notice as shall be last published; which Notice, together with Service of the like Notice on the Creditor or Creditors at whose Suit such Prisoner shall be detained in Custody, or his, her or their Attorney or Attornies in such Suit, shall be deemed sufficient to authorize the said Court to proceed to the Discharge of such Prisoner, if otherwise entitled to such Discharge, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Act; and such Court shall proceed accordingly, and shall discharge Discharge, such Prisoner, and do all other Acts under this Act, in case it shall appear that such Prisoner might have obtained his or her Discharge under this Act if of sound Mind.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in every such case, where any such Prisoner shall be or become of unsound Mind as aforesaid, all and every Estate, Right, Title, Interest in Law or Equity, real or personal. Power, Benefit or Emolument whatsoever, which, if such Prisoner were of sound Mind, could or ought to be assigned by such Prisoner, pursuant to the Provisions of this Act, shall by force and virtue of the said Order for the Discharge of such Person be vested in the provisional Assignee of the said Court, as fully and effectually, and in the same Plight and Manner, and with all and every the same Consequences and Effects, both in Fact and in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Prisoner had been of sound Mind, and had duly conveyed the same to such provisional Assignee at the Time and in Manner hereinbefore provided.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Chief Clerk of the Court to be established by virtue of this Act shall on the reasonable Request of any such Prisoner, or of any Creditor or Creditors of such Prisoner, or his, her or their Attorney, produce and shew to such Prisoner, Creditor or Creditors, or his, her or their Attorney, at such Times as the said Court shall direct, such Petition, Schedule, Order and Judgment, and all other Orders and Proceedings made and had in such Matter; and that a true Copy of every such Petition, Schedule, ' Order, Judgment and other Proceedings, signed by the Chief Clerk in whose Custody the same shall be, or his Deputy, certifying the same to be a true

Estate of Prisoner of unsound Mind, to vest in Provisional Assignee under this Act.

Officers of Court to produce Schedules and Proceedings of Court when required *

C. 59.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Copy Evidence without Stamps.

Prisoners may, after Discharge, be examined on Application of Assignees.

Refusing to appear, or to answer Questions, may be committed.

f Sic.

Warrant to state Cause of Con)mj*nent.

On submitting, Defaulters freed from Contempt.

Assignees to be examined Six Months after Appointment, and Money in Hand ordered to be paid into Bank.

Copy of such Petition, Schedule, Order, Judgment or other Proceedings, as the case may be, without being written on Stamp Paper, shall at all times be admitted, iij all Courts whatever, as legal Evidence of the same respectively.

LV. And Whereas the Estates, both Real and Personal, of any Prisoner who may be discharged by virtue of this Act, may not be sufficiently described or discovered in the Schedule before ' directed to be delivered on Oath by such Prisoner, or the Assistance of such Prisoner may be necessary to adjust, make out,

receive or manage his Estate or Effects, for the Benefit of his

or her Creditors Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Assignee and Assignees of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner, who shall obtain his or her Discharge in pursuance of this Act, from time to time to apply to the Court to be established by virtue of this Act, that such Prisoner may be further examined as tp any Matters or Things relating to his or her Estate and Effects by suf h Court; and in case such Prisoner shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Court to be examined by such Court, if the Court shall think fit so to order, or appearing before such Court shall refuse to be sworn, or to answer such Questions as shall bp put to him or her, relating to the Discovery of his or her said Estate and Effects, then and in any of such cases it shall be lawful for such Court, by Warrant, to commit such Prisoner so offending to the Common Gaol of any County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Time as he or she shall submit himself or herself to such Court, and answer upoo Oath or otherwise as shall be required, to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Court be put or ordered or f to be put to him or her, for the Purposes aforesaid.

LVI. Provided always* and be it enacted, That each and every such Warrant shall expressly state the Cause for which the a&id Prisoner shall have been so committed, and that a Copy thereof shall be given to every such Prisoner, and that it shall and may be lawful to every such Prisoner to apply by Petition to such Court, praying to be brought either before the Assistant Barrister or before such Court according to the Tenor of the former Order of the said Court and to be examined as aforesaid; and every such Prisoner submitting himself or herself to the said Court, and answering upon Oath qr otherwise, as shall be required, to all such lawful Questions as shall by such Court be ordered to be put to him or her for the Purposes aforesaid, shall thereby bp freed and cleared from the Contempt for which he shall have been committed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or any one Commissioner of the said Court, shall immediately after the End of Six Calendar Months next after the Appointment of an Assignee or Assignees under this Act, at the Request of any one or more Creditor or Creditors, summon such Assignee or Assignees before such Court or Commissioner, and examine such Assignee or Assignees upon Oath or otherwise, touching hjs, her or their Receipts and Payments, and shall thereupon order the Money in the Hands of such Assignee or Assignees to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, to the

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 59.

09

Credit of such Matter, with the Privity of the Chief Clerk of the said Court, and that such Dividend be made of the Estate and Effects of such Prisoner as the said Court may think proper; and Dividends rein case any Dividend or Dividends shall remain in the Hands of maimngui such Assignee or Assignees for the Space of Twelve Months next for following the declaring thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and ^bewudinto for such Court, and such Court, or any one Commissioner thereof, Bank is hereby authorized to order and direct that such unclaimed Divi- ' dend or Dividends shall be immediately paid into the Bank of Ireland as aforesaid; and in Default of Payment of such Dividend or Distrua. or Dividends by the Time by the said Court to be for that Purpose limited, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to order such summary Remedy for the Purpose of a Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Assignee or Assignees, in the Name of such Creditor as shall desire the same, as to the said Court shall seem proper; and if no sufficient Distress can be found, If no Distress, then and in such case the said Court shall be at liberty to commit Imprisonment, the Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, without Bail or Mainprise, there to remain until the said Court shall make other Order to the contrary.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and How Money Sums of Money which under the Provisions of this Act shall be into lodged in the Bank of Ireland, shall be so lodged with the Privity chief Clerk of of the Chief Clerk of the said Court for the Relief of Insolvent the Court. Debtors, to the Credit of the Matter in which the same shall be so lodged; and the same shall be subject to the Orders of the said Court, and shall from time to time, as Justice shall require, be drawn out of the said Bank by the Drafts of the said Chief Clerk, drawn under and in pursuance of the Orders of the said Court, authenticated by Copies of such Orders respectively dated and signed by the said Commissioner of the said Court, which Copies shall remain, together with such Drafts, in the said Bank; and that any such Draft shall be void unless presented for Payment within One Calendar Month from the Date of such Copy of such Order, and the same shall be expressed in every such Order.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Distress, made In Replevin under the Authority of this Act, shall be replevied, it shall be on Distress, sufficient for the Creditor in whose Name such Distress was made, *0 *

in his Avowry to set forth a Copy of the Order of the said Court ^mrt M eT  under which such Distress was so made, without any other Cause, Justification. Matter or Thing whatsoever, and the same shall be and be deemed, taken and held to be a good and sufficient Justification of such Distress, and to entitle such Creditor to Judgment, and his Costs, and a Writ of Rctomo habendo.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which the Costs bow said Court is by this Act authorized to award Costs against any recovered. Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to cause such Costs to be recovered from such Person or Persons in the same manner as Costs awarded by a Rule of any of the superior Courts at Dublin may be recovered.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have been ^erionsdia" or shall be discharged under any Act for the Relief of Insolvent Comem ftsofor Debtors, or under this Act, from Contempts of any Court for Non- Nonpayment* payment of Money or Costs, shall be deemed and taken to have relieved from 1A 2 Geo. Iv. P er Coils, &c.

210

C. 59, 60.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Who deemed Creditors of Such Persons.

Proviso for Proceedings in Commissions of Bankrupt.

[Continuance of Act.]

Act altered, &c. this Session.

65 G. 9. c. 57. 5.

No Duty on Tonnage of Vessels in Ballast engaged in the South Sea Trade.

been and to be discharged, not only from Costs ordered to be paid, but also from all Costs which such Persons would be liable to pay in consequence or by reason of such Contempts, or on paying the same; and also that all Persons from whose Demands for Costs any Persons shall be discharged by virtue of this or any former Act or Acts, shall be deemed and taken to be Creditors of such last mentioned Persons, and entitled to the Benefit of all the Provisions made for Creditors by this Act, or such Act or Acts.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing In this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to defeat the Proceedings on any Commission of Bankrupt which may be issued against any Prisoner who may claim the Benefit of this Act, before such Prisoner shall have obtained an Order for his Discharge under this Act; but that every such Commission shall have relation to avoid any Assignment of the Estate and Effects of any such Prisoner under this Act, as such Commission would have had to avoid any Assignment by such Prisoner if this Act had not been made, but not further or otherwise.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, and thenceforth until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Part thereof, may be amended, altered or repealed by any Act or Acts to be made in this present Session of Parliament.

CAP. LX.

An Act for exempting Ships in Ballast in the South Sea Trade from certain Tonnage Duties.

[23d June 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the Provisions of former Acts granting

exclusive Privileges of Trade to the South Sea Company, and to indemnify the said Company for the Loss of such Privileges, it is enacted, that there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Ships or

Vessels, according to the Tonnage thereof, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the United Kingdom to or from any Port or Place within the Limits of the sole and exclusive

Trade heretofore granted to the South Sea Company, a Duty of Customs of One Shilling and Sixpence upon every Ton Bur- then of every such Ship or Vessel: And Whereas it is expedient to exempt Ships and Vessels in Ballast only, entering Outwards

or Inwards at any Port within the United Kingdom to or from

any Port or Place formerly within the said Limits; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, no Duty of Customs shall be charged or payable upon or in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel in Ballast only, entering Outwards or Inwards at any Port within the United Kingdom to or from any Port or

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 60, 61.

211

Place within the Limits of the sole and exclusive Trade heretofore granted to the South Sea Company; any thing in the before recited Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXI.

An Act to regulate the Appropriation of unclaimed Shares of Prize Money belonging to Soldiers or Seamen in the Service of the East India Company.

[23d June 1821.]

WHEREAS divers Sums of Money belonging to Officers and Soldiers employed in the Service of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, under and by virtue of divers Charters and Acts of Parliament, authorizing them to raise and maintain a Military Force in the East Indies, and other the Parts mentioned in such Charters, or some of them; and divers other Sums of Money belonging to

Commanders, Officers and Crews of Ships hired by or belonging

to the said United Company, which said several Sums of Money have arisen from, or have become distributable in respect of

Services in War, now remain and are in the Hands of Prize Agents and other Persons: And Whereas it is expedient that

all unclaimed Shares of such Money should be appropriated as

hereinafter is provided Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Prize Money, and every Shares and Share of Booty, Prize Money, Head Money, &c* belonging Bounty Money and Salvage Money, and of Money arisen from to ?. re *

or distributable in respect of any Capture or other warlike Service Hands^f' whatsoever, belonging to Officers or Soldiers, or to any Officer or Agents and Soldier in, or having been in the Service of the said Company, others, to be in whatever Service the same may have accrued, now remaining ver to in the Hands of any Prize Agent or Agents, or any other Person caman Ind* or Persons whomsoever, shall be paid over to the said United pany' Company in London, or at any of their Settlements abroad, according to the Residence of the Party or Parties paying the same,

or as the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall

direct; and all Sums of Money, when so paid over, shall be applied Application of

to the Fund established by the Right Honourable Robert late Lord th Mony so

Clive, for the Relief of Persons and the Widows of Persons in the 0Ter *

Military Service of the said United Company, commonly called

" Lord Clive's Fund," for the Purpose and Objects of the said

Fund, according to the Rules and Regulations for the time being

thereof; subject nevertheless to be refunded without Interest to

any Person or Persons entitled to the same, and establishing his, her or their Claim or Claims thereto, to the Satisfaction of the Court of Directors of the said Company, or of the Governor and Council of the Settlement where the same shall have been paid over to the said Company.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Shares and Prize Money, Share of Booty, Prize Money, Head Money, Bounty Money and &c- belonging Salvage Money, and of Money arisen from or distributable in re- ^e^dsc)" spect of any Capture or other warlike Service whatsoever, belong- Agenuand ing to Commanders, Officers, Sailors or other Persons, or to any others, to be

P 2 Commander,

vjjTTOV It,

C. 61.

i&2geoav.

A.D. 1821.

paid over to the East India Company.

Application of euch Money.

Times within which such Payments are to be made.

Agents and other Persons to deliver upon Oath Accounts of unclaimed Monies remaining in their Hands.

The Conrt of Directors and Governments abroad empowered to call upon Agents,

Commander, Officer, Sailor or other Person, serving or who may have served on hoard of any Ship or Vessel in the Service of the said Company, whether hired or belonging to the said Company, in whatsoever Service the same may have accrued, now remaining in the Hands of any Prize Agent or Agents, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be paid over to the said United Company in London, or at any of their Settlements abroad, according to the Residence of the Party or Parties paying the same, or as the Court of Directors of the said United Company shall direct; and all Sums of Money when so paid over shall be applied to the Hospital Fund established for the Relief of Persons and Widows of Persons belonging to Ships and Vessels in the Service of the said United Company, commonly called " Poplar Hospital," for the Purposes and Objects of the -said last mentioned Fund, according to the Rules and Regulations for the time being thereof; subject nevertheless to be refunded without Interest to any Person or Persons entitled to the same, and establishing his, her or their Claim or Claims thereto, to the Satisfaction of the Court of Directors of the said Company, or of the Governor and Council of the Settlement where the same shall have been paid over to the said Company.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Money hereby directed to be paid over to the said United Company, and which shall be to be paid over in London, shall be paid within Six Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act; and all such Money which shall be to be paid over at any of the Settlements abroad of the said United Company, shall be paid within Six Calendar Months next after the Governments at the said Settlements respectively shall have caused the Provisions of this Act, in that respect, to be notified in the Way in which General Orders for the Army are usually published at the said Settlements respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are required by this Act to pay over any Money to the said United Company, shall, and they are hereby required, without further Requisition or Notice, to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Secretary of the said United Company in London, or to the several Secretaries of the respective Governments at the Settlements abroad where such Money shall be to be paid over to the said United Company respectively, a true and correct Account of all the Monies remaining in his or their Hands, and so to be paid over, with a List or Lists of the Names, Rank, Regiment or other sufficient Description of the Persons entitled thereto, which Account and Lists shall be verified by the Affidavit on Oath of the Party or One of the Parties required to deliver the same, such Oath to be taken before any Magistrate or other Person authorized by any Court of Law or Equity to administer Oaths, and which Oath such Magistrate or other Person is hereby required to administer accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That upon the reasonable Request and Notice of the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and the Governments of the Settlements of the said Company abroad respectively, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are required by this Act to pay over any Money

16 p i to

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 61.

213

to the said United Company, shall make out and deliver or cause &c. or their to be made out and delivered to the Secretaries of the said Court Executon, &c. of Directors and of the said Governments respectively requiring for general the same, full, true and particular Accounts in Writing of all the Receipts, Payments, Dealings and Transactions of such Person on and Persons; and if they shall be Executors, Administrators,

Agents or Representatives, then full, true and particular Accounts in Writing of their several Testators, Intestates and Principals, any way relating to any Booty, Prize Money or other Matter in respect of which such Money so to be paid over shall have arisen, with the Dates of all and every such Receipts, Payments, Dealings and Transactions, and true and correct Lists and Descriptions of all Grants, Deeds, Writings, Books of Account, Letters and Papers whatsoever, in the Custody or Power, or whichever shall have been in the Custody or Power of the Persons respectively required to make out and deliver the same, or of their respective Testators,

Intestates or Principals, any way relating to any such Booty, Prize Money or other Matter; which Accounts and Lists shall be verified by Affidavit on Oath, to the best of the Knowledge, Information and Belief of the Person or Persons required to make out and deliver the same, such Oath to be taken before any Magistrate or other Person authorized by any Court of Law or Equity to administer Oaths, and which Oath such Magistrate or other Person is hereby required to administer accordingly; and all the Grants, Books, &c. to Deeds, Writings, Books of Account, Letters and Papers relating he produced, to the Matters aforesaid, and in the Custody or Power of the Person or Persons required to pay over any such Money as aforesaid, shall be produced and shewn at all reasonable Times at the Place or Places where such Grants, Deeds, Writings, Books of Account,

Letters and Papers, shall be usually kept and deposited, or in some other reasonable and convenient Manner, to such Person and Persons as the said Court of Directors or the said Governments respectively shall direct or authorize to inspect the same; and Court of Di-8ucn Person and Persons shall have full Liberty to inspect, and rectors, &c. may take and cause to be taken such Copies, Extracts and Abstracts inspect same* thereof, as he or they, or the said Court of Directors or the said Governments respectively, shall see fit: Provided always, that this Proviso for Act, or any thing herein contained, or the Production, Inspection Accounts which or Examination of the Accounts, Books and Papers before men- ha1v tioned, shall not in any way be deemed or construed to extend to y c open any Account which shall have been conclusively closed and settled by the Order, Judgment, Sentence or Decree of any Court of competent Jurisdiction, or in any other Manner by which the Parties interested therein would have been concluded if this Act had not been passed, nor to prevent any Court of competent Jurisdiction to order any such Account to be opened, or to give Liberty for Surcharge or Falsification thereof, upon just Cause and Ground shewn for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Perjury. whosoever shall be convicted of making a false Oath touching any Persons suborn-of the Matters directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be p^uryaccord-deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and ingtothe Law" Penalties to which Persons guilty of Perjury are liable by any Law of England.

214

C. 61.

I&2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Recovery of Monies directed to be paid over.

With what Powers Courts invested in respect of Monies to be paid over.

Court of Directors, &c. to exercise similar Authority to that of Treasurers of Greenwich and Chelsea Hospitals.

Proviso for Interests of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals.

Persons paying over Prise

in force in that Part of the United Kingdom called England; and if any Person shall corruptly procure or suborn any other Person or Persons to swear falsely in any such Oath, such Person, being duly convicted of such procuring and suborning, shall, for every such Offence, incur and suffer such Penalties, Forfeitures, Pains and Disabilities, as Persons convicted of Perjury are respectively liable unto by any Law in force in the said Part of the said United Kingdom called England.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said United Company shall have and be entitled to the same Rights, Powers, Remedies and Methods of Suit at Law or in Equity, or by any Admiralty Process, to be commenced and prosecuted in the Name of the said United Company in the several Courts of Justice in the United Kingdom and in the East Indies, and elsewhere soever, for Discovery and Recovery of the Monies hereby directed to be paid over to the said Company, as the original Owners thereof now have or are entitled to use or exercise; and all Courts of Law and Equity, and of Admiralty Jurisdiction, in the United Kingdom and in the East Indies, shall have and exercise the same Jurisdiction, Powers and Authorities, for compelling all and every Person and Persons to account for and pay over the Monies hereby directed to be paid over to the said United Company, as any Court of Law or Equity, or of Admiralty Jurisdiction, may now* lawfully exercise with respect to any unclaimed Balances payable to the Treasurers of Greenwich Hospital and Chelsea Hospital respectively, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law, Usage or Custom whatsoever; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and the several Governments of the Settlements abroad of the said United Company, to exercise the same or the like Powers and Authorities for the Recovery of the Monies hereby directed to be paid over to the said United Company, as may now be exercised by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force relating to Prize Money by the Treasurers of Greenwich Hospital and Chelsea Hospital respectively, so far as such Powers and Authorities extend to the Recovery by them, and the Discovery of unclaimed Shares of Prize Money due and belonging to any Officers, Soldiers or Seamen in the Service of His Majesty, and shall be applicable to the Objects of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to affect the Royal Hospital for Soldiers at Chelsea, nor the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, nor to take away, repeal or diminish any Claim, Right or Interest which by virtue of any Law or Laws now in force Have been given or are now existing, or may hereafter by virtue of the said Acts become vested in the said Royal Hospitals or in the Treasurers thereof, for the Recovery of any unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money for the Benefit of the said Institutions or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled to any unclaimed and forfeited Shares of Prize Money, but the same shall continue and remain in the said Commissioners and in the said Treasurers as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall pay over to the said Company, or to any other

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 61. 215

Person or Persons, by their Order or for their Use, any Sum or Money, Sums of Money under the Provisions of this Act, shall, from and acquitted, after such Payment, be absolutely acquitted and discharged from all Claims and Demands whatsoever of all and every other Person and Persons to the same Monies which shall be so paid over.

X. And be it further enacted, That all unclaimed Shares of Application of Booty, Prize Money, Head Money, Bounty Money and Salvage unclaimed Prixe Money, and of Money arisen from or distributable in respect of Monies remain-any Capture or other warlike Service whatsoever, belonging to i^Js of the Officers and Soldiers in the Service of the said Company, and to East India Commanders, Officers, Sailors and oth^r Persons serving on board Company, such Ships as aforesaid, in the Service of the said United Company, and which now remain in the Hands of the said United Company, or in any of their Treasuries abroad, shall forthwith

be carried over by Order of the Court of Directors of the said Company to the Credit of the said respective Funds, called " Lord Clive s Fund," and " Poplar Hospitalto be applied to and for the Purposes and Objects of the said Funds respectively, in like manner as the Monies hereinbefore directed to be paid to them are to be applied; and in case at any time the Person or Persons originally entitled to the same, or their Representatives, shall establish their Claims thereto to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Directors, or of the Governor and Council of the Settlement where the same Money shall now remain, then the said Court of Directors shall cause the said Money to be refunded accordingly, and the same shall be brought back from the Fund to which it shall have been carried, as hereinbefore is mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Expences incurred or Expences of

to be incurred in executing this Act, and the Sums paid in re- executing Act, munerating the Officers or Persons employed on Behalf of the &c. defrayed out said United Company, for their Care, Pains and Trouble in per- re"

forming the Regulations and Directions thereof, shall, so far as the

same relate to those Officers or Persons, be subject to the Discretion of the Court of Directors for managing the Affairs of the said Company, and shall be paid out of the Principal Monies to be recovered and discovered as aforesaid, on account of such Shares respectively: Provided nevertheless, that no Person employed by Persons cm-the said United Company in executing the Regulations of this Act ployed by shall act as an Agent for Prizes, or be concerned directly or in- ComP*ny directly in the Business thereof, under the Penalty of Five hun- l"G dred Pounds. Penalty 500L

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing for

in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to trying Rights to prevent any Person or Persons from resorting to any Remedy at Prixe Money. Law or in Equity, against the said Company, for the Recovery of the Principal, without Interest, of any Money to which he, she or they may be entitled, and which shall have been paid to the said United Company, or which shall have been carried over by the said Company to the Credit of either of the Funds hereinbefore mentioned, under the Directions of this Act; provided such Person or Persons shall have preferred his or their Claim thereto to the said Court of Directors, if such Money shall have been paid over to the said Company in England, or shall have been carried over from their Funds at Home, or to the Governor in Council of

Go%e

216

C. 61) 62.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Mie Act *

96G. S. (I.)

S8G.9. (I.) 39Q.3. (I.)

General Sessions to be held in Two Divisions of each County, except Dublin, Four Times in the Year, at the Periods herein mentioned.

the Presidency where the same shall have been paid or carried over, if paid over to the said Company, or carried over from their Funds in India, within Six Years after the same shall have been so paid or carried over; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. LXII.

An Act to regulate the Times for holding the General Sessions of the Peace, in the several Counties in Ireland.

[23d June 1821.]

WHEREAS the Recover of Small Debts by Civil Bill, under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better and more convenient Administration of Justice, and for the Recovery of Small Debts in a summary Way, at the Sessions of the Peace of the several Counties at large within Ireland, except the County of Dublin; and also under Two Acts, passed in the Parliament of

Ireland, in the Thirty eighth and Thirty ninth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, to amend the said recited Act of the Thirty sixth Year aforesaid, has been found very beneficial to the King's Subjects in Ireland: And Whereas the ordinary Business of the Sessions of the Peace, and of the Assistant Barristers, has, from various Causes, considerably increased, and by reason thereof it is found inconvenient to the Public, and to the Practitioners attending Courts of Quarter Sessions, that the Quarter Sessions of the Peace should be holden at the Periods now required by Law For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the General Sessions of the Peace shall be holden in every County at large in Ireland (except the County of Dublin) Four Times in the Year, in each of the Two Divisions of every such County, at the Times following; that is to say, One General Session of the Peace, in some One Division of every such County, shall commence on some Day between the Fifth and the Twelfth Day of January in each Year; and One other of such Sessions, in the other Division of every such County, shall commence on some Day within Fourteen Days from the First Day of such former Session; One other of such General Sessions of the Peace, in some one Division of every such County, shall commence on some Day in Easter Week, and One other of such Sessions, in the other Division of every such County, shall commence within Fourteen Days from the First Day of such Session last mentioned; One other of such General Sessions of the Peace, in some one Division of every such County, shall commence on some Day after the Fifth Day next ensuing the last Day of Trinity

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 62, 65.

217

Term, and before the Twelfth Day from the said last Day of the said Term; and One other of such Sessions, in the other Division of every such County, shall commence within Fourteen Days from the First Day of such Sessions last mentioned; and One other of such General Sessions of the Peace, in some one Division of every such County, shall commence on some Day in the Month of October, between the Tenth and Eighteenth Days of the said Month; and One other bf such Sessions, in the other Division of every such County, shall commence on some Day within Fourteen Days from the First Day of such Session last mentioned.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Time of hold-Act contained shall be taken to alter or affect the Manner or the in8 Se*Mon Time, as now by Law nrovided, of determining and making known knwn>1 the Periods at which the several Sessions shall be held. pre*en

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the several Sessions con-Sessions which shall be held as aforesaid, shall be continued from !j?ued Day to Day (Sundays excepted) until they shall be finished re- 10 y* spectively.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty 28 G. 3. c. 4.

eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, 4.

intituled An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such,

in certain cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are, it was enacted, that it should and might be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for any County at large, to act as such at any Place within any City, Town or Precinct, being a County of itself, and situate within, surrounded by, or adjoining to any such County at large; and that all and every such Act and Acts, Matters and Things done by such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County at large, within such City, Town or other Precinct, should be as valid and effectual in the Law as if the same had been done within the said County at large, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: And Whereas doubts have been entertained whether Justices of the Peace for Counties at large are thereby empowered to act for such Counties at large within any City, Town or other Precinct having exclusive Jurisdiction, but not being a County of itself; '

Be it therefore enacted and declared by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Justices of the may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peacexacting for Pce acting any County at large, or for any Riding or Division of a County in for n7 ^ountj which there are several and distinct Commissions of the Peace, to *^uch

act as a Justice or Justices for such County at large, Riding or in Places hav-Division, in Sessions or otherwise, at any Place within any City, ing exclusive Town or other Precinct, having exclusive Jurisdiction, but not Jurisdiction,

CAP. LXIII.

An act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled An act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain cases, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are.

[2d July 1821.]

C. 63, 64.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

not being a County of itself, within or adjoining such County.

[Proviso.]

Passing of Vagrants to their Place of Settlement to be discontinued.

Justices not to grant any Passes either to Vagrants or others.

Present Rewards for apprehending Vagrants abolished.

being a County of itself, and situate within, surrounded by or adjoining to any such County at large, Riding or Division; and that all and every such Act and Acts, Matters and Things which shall be done or which may heretofore have been done by such Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County at large, Riding or Division, within such City, Town or other Precinct, shall be as valid and effectual in the Law as if the same had been done within the said County, Riding or Division, to*all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to give Power to the Justices of the Peace for any County at large, Riding or Division, not being Justices for such City, Town or other Precinct, or any Constable or other Officer acting under them, to act or intermeddle in any Matters or Things arising within any such City, Town or Precinct, in any manner whatsoever.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws now in force relating to Vagrants, until the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS the Provisions heretofore made, and now in force, relative to the apprehending and passing of Rogues, Vagabonds, Vagrants, incorrigible Rogues and other idle and disorderly Persons, are productive of great Expence; and it has

been found by Experience that great Frauds and Abuses are committed in the Execution thereof; and it is therefore deemed expedient to discontinue the same, and to make certain other Provisions for the better and more effectual Restraint of such Offenders Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of September next, all Provisions heretofore made and now in force relative to the passing of any Rogue, Vagabond, Vagrant, incorrigible Rogue or other idle and disorderly Person, to his or her Place of legal Settlement or Place of Birth or to the Place of Abode of his or her Father or Mother, shall cease and determine; and that from and after the First Day of September next, it shall not be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace to grant any Pass or to give any Directions for the Conveyance of any Rogue, Vagabond, Vagrant, incorrigible Rogue or idle and disorderly Person, to any such Place as aforesaid, or to grant any walking or permissive Pass, or any other Pass whatever, to any Person or Persons whatever.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person to claim or demand of or from any Justice of the Peace, any Order for any Sum of Money or Reward for apprehending and carrying before such Justice of the Peace or delivering to any Constable or other Person, any Rogue, Vagabond, Vagrant, incorrigible Rogue or idle and disorderly Person; nor shall it be lawful for any Justice of the Peace to order or direct to be paid to any Person or Persons, for apprehending any such Offender,

A.D. 1821.

1 & 2 GEO. I V.

C. 64.

219

Justices may order a certain Sum to be paid for Apprehension of Vagrants, by Overseers of Parish in which Act of Vagrancy committed.

any Surm of Money or Reward other than as is Jiereinafter in that Behalf mentioned and provided; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary hereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any Rogue, Vagabond, Vagrant, incorrigible Rogue or idle and disorderly Person, shall be apprehended and brought before any Justice of the Peace by any Person or Persons, or shall be apprehended and delivered, to any Constable or otlfer such Officer by any Person or Persons (not being a Constable or other such Officer) , it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, if in his Discretion he shall so think fit, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Overseer of the Poor of the Parish or Place wherein such Act of Vagrancy shall be committed, to pay to the Person or Persons so apprehending such Offender a Sum of Money not exceeding Five Shillings for every Offender so apprehended; which Sum shall be allowed to such Overseer in his Account, he producing the Justice's Order, and a Receipt under the Hand of the Person or Persons to whom such Sum was paid; and if such Overseer shall neglect or refuse to pay the said Sum, the said Justice, on Oath thereof made, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, order the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Overseer, and the Overplus (if any) , after the Charges of such Distress are satisfied, shall be returned to such Overseer, who in such case shall not be allowed the Sum so levied in his Accounts.

IV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of September next, it shall not be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace (except the Justices in their General or Quarter Sessions assembled) to commit any Rogue,

Vagabond, Vagrant, incorrigible Rogue or idle and disorderly Person, to any Gaol or House of Correction, for any Space of Time exceeding Three Months or less than One Month, unless such Offender snali be so committed to remain in the said Gaol or House of Correction until the next General or Quarter Sessions; and every such Offender, who shall be committed to the said Gaol or House of Correction, shall be there kept to hard Labour during the Period of his or her Confinement therein: Provided always, that it shall be in the Discretion of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person apprehended as a Rogue, Vagabond, Vagrant or idle and disorderly Person, shall be brought, either to commit or discharge such Person, although an Act of Vagrancy be proved against the Person so charged.

V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That Justices may from and after the passing of this Act, when any such Justice or bind Persons by Justices as aforesaid shall commit any such Offender to the House Recognisance of Correction, there to remain till the next General or Quarter Sessions, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice or Justices to require the Person or Persons by whom such Offender shall be apprehended, to become bound in sufficient Recognizance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to appear to the said General or Quarter Sessions, to prosecute and give Evidence against such Offender, touching his said Offence; and the Justices at their said General or Quarter Sessions are hereby authorised and empowered, at the Request of any Person who shall become bound in any Re-

Overseers neglecting.

Distress on Overseer.

Time of Imprisonment of Vagrants.

Kept to hard Labour. Justices may either commit or discharge Vagrants.

to prosecute Vagrants at Sessions.

ocoTOf5gle

Quarter Sessions may order Payment of Expences to

220

C. 64.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Prosecutor* and Witnesses.

Fee.

Visiting Justices may order Part of Vagrants* Earnings, &c. to be paid to them when discharged.

Two Justices may pass Vagrants in certain cases.

Proviso for 59 G. 3. c. 12. and for Orders for Removal of poor Persons not Vagrants.

cognizance to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to prosecute or give Evidence, and who shall appear to prosecute or give Evidence against such Offender, to order the Treasurer of the County, Riding, Division or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed to pay unto such Prosecutor and Witnesses respectively such Sum and Sums of Money as to the said Justices shall seem reasonable and sufficient to reimburse such Prosecutor and Witnesses respectively for the Expences they shall have been severally put to, and for their Trouble and Loss of Time in and about such Prosecution; which Order of the said Justices the Clerk of the Peace for the said County is hereby directed and required forthwith to make out and deliver unto such Prosecutor, upon being paid for the same the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and the Treasurer of the said County, Riding, Division or Place is hereby authorised and required, upon Sight of such Order, forthwith to pay to such Prosecutor or other Person authorised to receive the same, such Money as aforesaid, and shall be allowed the same in his Account.

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, when any such Offender as aforesaid, who shall have been committed to the Gaol or House of Correction, shall be duly discharged therefrom, it shall and may be lawful for the Justices visiting the said Gaol or House of Correction, to order and direct such Portion of the Earnings of such Offender during his Confinement therein, or such Sum of Money, to be paid by die Gaoler or Keeper of the said Gaol or House of Correction to such Offender, as such Justices in their Discretion shall think fit; which Sum shall be repaid to the said Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaol or House of Correction, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Division in which such Gaol or House of Correction is situated.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever it shall appear to Two Justices of the Peace, that any Person apprehended as a Rogue, Vagabond, Vagrant or idle and disorderly Person, and directed to be discharged without being committed, or to the said Visiting Justices or Two or more of them, where any Person shall have been committed to Gaol and discharged therefrom, that it is necessary and proper that such Person or Persons, or any of them, ought to be passed as a Vagrant or Vagrants to his, her or their Place of Birth or of Settlement, or to the Place of abode of his, her or their Father or Mother, that then, and in every such case, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices to cause such Person or Persons to be passed and conveyed in like manner as he, she or they might have been before the passing of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to alter the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend the Latvs for the Relief of the Poor9 or in any manner to affect the Mode of passing poor Persons born in Scotland and Ireland, and in the Isles of Man, Jersey and Guernsey, who may become chargeable to Parishes in England, or in any manner to alter or affect the Mode in which,

by

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 64, 6 5.

221

by the Laws now in force, poor Persons, not having committed Acts of Vagrancy, are directed to be removed to their Places of Settlement.

IX. And be it farther enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That Continuance of this Act shall continue in force until the First Day of September Act *

One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and no longer.

CAP. LXV.

An Act for the further Regulation of Trade to and from Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China), and Ports or Places beyond the Limits of the said Charter, belonging to any State or Country in Amity with His Majesty.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty third Year of 53G.S. c. 155. 4 the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing in the East India Company, for a farther Term, the Possession of the British Territories in India, together with certain exclusive Privileges; for establishing farther Regulations for the Government of the said Territories, and the better Administration of Justice within the same; and for regulating the Trade to and $6.

from the Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter:

And Whereas by the said Act it was enacted, that it should be lawful for any of His Majesty's Subjects, in common with the said United Company, to carry on Trade directly, under certain Limitations and Provisions prescribed in the said Act, between the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and all Ports and Places within the Limits of the said Charter, save and ex- $ 20.

cept the Dominions of the Emperor of China: And Whereas it was also enacted by the said Act, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend to prevent the making, during the further Term thereby granted to the said Company,

such further Provisions by Authority of Parliament as might from time to time be deemed necessary for enabling His Majesty's Subjects to carry on Trade and Traffic directly or circuitously, as well between all Ports and Places situate without the Limits of the said Company's Charter, and all Ports and Places 4 (except the Dominions of the Emperor of China) situate within those Limits, as between the said United Kingdom, and all the last mentioned Ports and Places, except as aforesaid: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the farther Regulation of the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, Provision was made for enabling the said Company, and all other His Majesty's Subjects carrying on Trade between the United Kingdom and the Ports and Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, to make circuitous Voyages, and to touch and trade at certain Ports and Places in America and Africa, in the said Act raentioned, and also for enabling His Majesty's Subjects to carry on Trade directly and circuitously to, from and between all the Ports and Places within the Limits of the said Charter: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty seventh Year of His said 57 G.s. c. 35.

G&5gl

54G.S. c. 34.

1.

0.65 *

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Si.

East India Company and others may trade to and from any intermediate Places between this Kingdom and the Limits of the Company's Charter, &c .;

and may also trade directly and circuitously as herein mentioned.

Proviso as to Trade of China, and the Article of Tea.

Proviso for 53 G. S. c. 155. as to Site of

late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the Trade to and from the Places within the Limits of the Charter of the East India Company, and certain Possessions of his Majesty in the Mediterranean, Provision was made for enabling the said Company, and all other His Majesty's Subjects, to carry on Trade i between all Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of

the said Company (the Dominions of the Emperor of China always excepted) and the Island of Malta and Port of Gibraltar: And Whereas it is expedient to give further Facilities for carrying c on Trade between the several Ports and Places within the said

Limits (except as aforesaid) , and the several Ports and Places situate without the said Limits, belonging to Princes, States and Countries in Amity with His Majesty; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and also for any other of His Majesty's Subjects, to trade (in Ships or Vessels navigated according to Law, or registered or trading under the Provisions of an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to make further Regulations for the Registry of Ships built in India, and proceeding under the Authority of the said Acts, or any of them, upon any Voyage between the United Kingdom, and any Ports or Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company) to and at any intermediate Ports or Places situate between the said United Kingdom and the Limits of the said Charter, and belonging to any Prince, State or Country in Amity with His Majesty, and in the Prosecution of any such circuitous Voyage outward or homeward respectively, to discharge the Whole or any Part of the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel at any such intermediate Ports or Places, and to take on board any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said United Company, and also for any other of His Ma-sty's Subjects, to carry on (in Ships or Vessels navigated according to Law, or registered or trading as aforesaid) Trade and Traffic in any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatsoever, directly and circuitously, between all Ports or Places within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, and any Ports or Places belonging to Princes, States or Countries in Amity with His Majesty; any thing in the Charter of the said Company, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any of His Majesty's Subjects, other than the said Company, or Persons properly licensed by them, to carry on Trade or Traffic with the Dominions of the Emperor of China, or to export or import from or to any such Ports or Places within or without such Limits, or to import into the United Kingdom, any Tea, or in any manner to trade or traffic in Tea between any such Ports or Places as aforesaid.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter, or in any manner to affect the Restrictions, Regulations

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 65. 223

and Provisions in the said first recited Act contained, as to Vessels, Lithe Size of Vessels allowed to clear out from or enter in at any cences, &c .; Port of the United Kingdom, or as to any Licences, Certificates or Lists required by the same Act in the Cases therein specified, or any of the Restrictions or Provisions in the same Act, or in any other Act contained, as to the Resort to and Residence of any Persons in the East Indies: Provided also, that all Trade with all *nd for Trade Ports and Places upon the Continent of Asia, from the River Indus from the lndles to the Town of Malacca inclusive, or any Island under the Govern- to ^IaIacca>&c' ment of the said Company lying to the North of the Equator, or the said Company's Factory at Bencoolen, and its Dependencies, shall remain and continue subject to all such Regulations, Provisions and Restrictions, as shall from time to time be in force in relation to Trade at any such Ports and Places under the Authority of any of the Governments of the said Company at their several Presidencies in India.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Ships not to sail be lawful for any Ship or Vessel, other than the Ships of the said from Places Company, engaged in Trade under the Authority or this Act, to where there are clear out from any Port or Place belonging to any Prince, State ouTdeliVerin1 or Country in Amity with His Majesty, where any Consul or Vice List of the Per-Consul of His Majesty shall be resident, for any Place or Places sons and Arms under the Government of His Majesty, or of the said Company, on board, upon situate more to the Northward than Eleven Degrees of South Latitude, and between the Sixty fourth and One hundred and fiftieth Degrees of East Longitude from London, until the Master, or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall have made out and exhibited to His Majesty's Consul or Vice Consul resident at such Port or Place of Clearance, upon Oath (which Oath such Consul or Vice Consul is hereby authorized to administer) , a true and perfect List, in such Form as shall from time to time be settled by the said Court of Directors, with the Approbation of the said Board of Commissioners, specifying and setting forth the Names, Capacities and Description of all Persons embarked, or intended to be embarked on board such Ship or Vessel, and all Arms on board, or intended to be put on board the same; and when and as soon as any such Vessel shall have The like at been admitted to Entry at any such Port or Place as aforesaid, Ports belonging belonging to any Prince, State or Country in Amity with His Ma- Countries majesty, the Master, or other Person having the Command of such Am, ty '

Ship or Vessel, shall, in like manner, make out and exhibit to His Majesty's Consul or Vice Consul there resident, upon Oath, (which Oath such Consul or Vice Consul is hereby authorized to administer,) a true and perfect List, in Form to be settled as aforesaid, specifying the Names, Capacities and Descriptions of all Persons on board, or who shall have been on board such Ship or Vessel, from the time of the Sailing thereof to the time of Arrival, and of all Arms on board, or which shall during that time have been on board such Ship or Vessel, and the several Times and Places at which such of the said Persons as may have died or left such Ship or Vessel or such of the said Arms as may have been disposed of, have been so disposed of: Provided also, that every List transmit-such Consul and Vice Consul shall, and they are hereby required to ted to Court of cause every such List, which shall be so received at such Port or Directors.

224

C. 6S.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

No Lascar or other Asiatic Seamen to be takenon board without Licence, and under certain Regulations.

Governor General at Fort William to make Regulations in respect of Provisions, Clothing, &c. for such Lascars, &c.

How far Cape of Good Hope to be considered within the Charter of the said Comply-

Proviso for Power of King in Council under I'G.i c.ll.

Place, to be transmitted with all reasonable Dispatch to the Court of Directors of the said United Company.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Ship or Vessel engaged in any Voyage under the Authority of this Act, from any Port or Place in the East Indies, to any Port or Place belonging to any Prince, State or Country in Amity with His Majesty, and not destined to any Port in the United Kingdom, to take or have on board any Lascars, or other Asiatic Seamen: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any of the Governments of the East India Company in India} or for any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any Colony, Territory or Island belonging to His Majesty, within the Limits of the said Charter, and they and he are hereby required, on Application made by the Owner or Commander of any Ship or Vessel, and after having ascertained, by due Inquiry, that a sufficient Number of British Seamen cannot be procured for the Crew of any Ship or Vessel sailing from India, within Ten Days from such Application, to certify the same, and licence such Ship or Vessel to sail with such Proportion of Lascars or Asiatic Seamen as may be specified in such Certificate and Licence; and the Governor General in Council at Fort William is hereby authorized and required to make Rules and Regulations that all such Asiatic Sailors, Lascars or Natives, as aforesaid, shall be duly supplied with Provisions and Clothing, and other necessary Accommodation, while employed and while absent from the Countries or Places to which they respectively belong, and until they shall be carried back to India or any other Country or Place to which they respectively belong, and until they shall he carried back to India or any other Countnr or Place from which they were respectively brought, and for the Conveyance back of such Asiatic Sailors, Lascars and Natives aforesaid, within a reasonable time, to be ascertained by such Rules and Regulations; and that no Ship or Vessel so licensed to take on board Lascars or Asiatic Seamen shall be permitted to clear out from any Port or Place within the Limits of the said Company's Charter, unless and until the Owner or Captain or Master of such Ship shall have first given such Security as is directed by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, and subject to all the Provisions of that Act, for the Maintenance and Conveyance back to India of such Lascars or Asiatic Seamen which may be received on board of such Ship.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That His Majesty's Settlement at the Cape of Good Hope shall, as to all Trade allowed by this Act to be carried on between Ports and Places within the Limits of the Charter of the said Company, be deemed, construed and taken to be within such Limits: Provided also, that nothing herein contained as to the said Settlement being deemed, as to such Trade as aforesaid, to be within such Limits, shall extend or he construed to extend to prevent or in any manner to limit or affect any other Trade which now may or which may hereafter he allowed to be carried on between the said Settlement, and any other Countries, Ports or Places whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall in any way affect the Power vested m His Majesty in Council by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 65, 66. 225

An Act to continue, *wfr7 the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty five, an Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, for regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope, and for regulating the Trade of the Island of Mauritius.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for regulating the Fur Trade, and establishing a Criminal and Civil Jurisdiction within certain Parts of North America.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS the Competition in the Fur Trade between the Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading into Hudsons Bay, and certain Associations of Persons trading under the Name of "The North West Company of Montreal," has been found for some Years past to be productive of great Inconvenience and Loss, not only to the said Company and Associations, but to the said Trade in general, and also of great Injury to the native Indians, and of other Persons Subjects of His Majesty: And Whereas the Animosities and Feuds, arising from such Competition, have also for some Years past kept the Interior of America, to the Northward and Westward of the Provinces of Upper and Lower Canada, and of the Territories of the United States of America, in a State of continued Disturbance:

And Whereas many Breaches of the Peace, and Violence extending to the Loss of Lives, and considerable Destruction of Property, have continually occurred therein: And Whereas, for Remedy of such Evils, it is expedient and necessary that some more effectual Regulations should be established for the apprehending, securing and bringing to Justice all Persons committing such Offences, and that His Majesty should be empowered to regulate the said Trade: And Whereas Doubts have been entertained, whether the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty third 43 G. 3. c. iss. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, to the Trial and Punishment of Persons guilty of Crime* and Offences within certain Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces, extended to the Territories granted by Charter to the said Governor and Company; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed, and that the said Act should be further extended Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing His Majesty of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Sue- may n* cessors, to make Grants or give His Royal Licence, under the Gmtsfor Hand and Seal of One of His Majesty's Principal Secretaries of tritoTndians  State, to any Body Corporate, or Company, or Person or Persons, i, certain Parts of or for the exclusive Privilege of Trading with the Indians in all of North Ame-such Parts of North America as shall be specified in any such Grants rica* or Licences respectively, not being Part of the Lands or Territories heretofore granted to the said Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading to Hudson's Bay, and not being Part of

226

C. 66.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

For what Periods such Grants may be made.

Rcsenration of Rents.

Persons to whom such Grants made, to enter into Security,

for the Purposes herein mentioned.

any of His Majesty's Provinces in North America, or of any Lands or Territories belonging to the United States of America; and all such Grants and Licences shall be good, valid and effectual for the Purpose of securing to all such Bodies^ Corporate, or Companies, or Persons, the 6ole and exclusive Privilege of trading with the Indians in all such Parts of North America (except as hereinafter excepted) , as shall be specified in such Grants or Licences; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and? be it further enacted, That no such Grant or Licence, made or given by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any such exclusive Privileges of trading with the Indians in such Parts of North America as aforesaid, shaft be made or given for any longer Period than Twenty one Years; and no Rent shall be required or demanded for or in respect of any such Grant or Licence, or any Privileges given thereby under the Provisions of this Act, for the first Period of Twenty one Years; and from and after the Expiration of such first Period of Twenty one Years, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to reserve such Rents in any future Grants or Licences to be made to the same or any other Parties, as shall be deemed just and reasonable, with Security for the Payment thereof; and such Rents shall be deemed Part of the Land Revenues of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and fie applied and accounted for as the other Land Revenues of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall, at the time of Payment of any such Rent being made, be applied and accounted for.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Governor and Company of Adventurers trading to Hudson's Bay, and every Body Corporate and Company and Person to whom every such Grant or Licence shall be made or given as aforesaid, shall respectively keep accurate Registers of all Persons in their Employ in any Parts of North America, and shall, once in each Year, return to His Majesty's Secretaries of State, accurate Duplicates of such Registers, and shall also enter into such Security as shall be required by His Majesty for the due Execution of all Pcpcesses criminal and civil, as well within the Territories included in any such Grant, as within those granted by Charter to the Governor and Company of Adventurers trading to Hudson s Bay, and for the producing or delivering into safe Custody, for Purpose of Trial, of all Persons in their Employ or acting under their Authority, who shall be charged with any Criminal Offence, and also for the due and faithful Observance of all such Rules, Regulations and Stipulations as shall be contained in any such Grant or Licence, either for diminishing or preventing the Sale or Distribution of Spirituous Liquors to the Indians, or for promoting their moral and religious Improvement, or for any other Object which His Majesty may deem necessary for the Remedy or Prevention of the other Evils which have hitherto been found to exist.

IV. And Whereas by a Convention entered into between His Majesty and the United States of America, it was stipulated and agreed, that any Country on the North West Coast of America, 4 to the Westward of the Stony Mountains, should be free and open to the Citizens and Subjects of the Two Powers, for the

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 66. 227

[Proviso.]

Term of Ten Years from the Date of the Signature of that Convention Be it therefore enacted, That nothing in this Act Such Grants contained shall be deemed or construed to authorize any Body Corporate, Company or Person, to whom His Majesty may have, u, ited under the Provisions of this Act, made a Grant or given a Licence Westward of of exclusive Trade with the Indians in such Parts of North America the Stony as aforesaid, to claim or exercise any such exclusive Trade within Mountains, the Limits specified in the said Article, to the Prejudice or Ex-clusioo of any Citizens of the said United States of America, who may be.engaged in the said Trade: Provided always, that no British Subject shall trade with the Indians within such Limits, without such Grant or Licence as is by this Act required.

V. And be it declared and enacted, That the said Act passed 4nG. n. c. 133. in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justices in granted to the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, to the Trial and Hudson's Bay Punishment of Persons guilt u of Crimes and Offences within certain Company. Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces, and all the Clauses and Provisoes therein contained, shall be deemed and construed, and it is and are hereby respectively declared, to extend to and over, and to be in full force in and through all the Territories heretofore granted to the Company of Adventurers of England trading to Hudsons Bay; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or this Act, or in any Grant or Charter to the Company, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Courts of Judi-of this Act, the Courts of Judicature now existing, or which may * be hereafter established in the Province of Upper Canada, shall (^nadato uke*^ have the same Civil Jurisdiction, Power and Authority, as well in cognisance of the Cognizance of Suits, as in the issuing Process, mesne and final, Causes in In-and in all other Respects whatsoever, within the said Indian Terri- dian Terrgories. tories, and other Parts of America not within the Limits of either of the Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, or of any Civil Government of the United States, as the said Courts have or are invested with within the Limits of the said Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada respectively; and that all and every Contract, Agreement,

Debt, Liability and Demand whatsoever, made, entered into, incurred or arising within the said Indian Territories and other Parts of America, and all and every Wrong and Injury to the Person or to Property, real or personal, committed or done within the same, shall be and be deemed to be of the same Nature, and be cognizable by the same Courts, Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, and be tried in the same Manner and subject to the same Consequences, in all Respects, as if the same had been made, entered into, incurred, arisen, committed or done within the said Province of Upper Canada; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Grant or Charter, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided Action* relat-always, that all such Suits and Actions relating to Lands, or to anjr ing to Lands Claims in respect of Land, not being within the Province of Upper upper Canada Canada, shall be decided according to the Laws of that Part of the decided accord-United Kingdom called England, and shall not be subject to or ing to Law of affected by any Local Acts, Statutes or Laws of the Legislature of England. Upper Canada.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proceedings of Courts issued as heretofore.

Justices of Peace authorized by Governor, &c. to act as Commissioners for executing Process, &c.

Persons residing in Indian Territories refusing to obey Process.

Committed and conveyed to Upper Canada.

Costs.

Proviso for Recognizance.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Process, Writs, Orders, Judgments, Decrees and Acts whatsoever, to be issued, made, delivered, given and done by or under the Authority of the said Courts, or either of them, shall have the same Force, Authority and Effect wffchin the said Indian Territory and other Parts of America as aforesaid, as the same now have within the said Province of Upper Canada.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Governor or Lieutenant Governor or Person administering the Government for the time being of Lotvcr Canada, by Commission under his Hand and Seal, to authorize all Persons who shall be appointed Justices of the Peace under the Provisions of this Act, within the said Indian Territories, or other Parts of America as aforesaid, or any other Person who shall be specially named in any such Commission, to act as a Commissioner within the same, for the Purpose of executing, enforcing and carrying into Effect all such Process, Writs, Orders, Judgments, Decrees and Acts, which shall be issued, made, delivered, given or done by the said Courts of Judicature, and which may require to be enforced and executed within the said Indian Territories or such other Parts of North America as aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons whatsoever residing or being within the said Indian Territories, or such other Parts of America as aforesaid, shall refuse to obey or perform any such Process, Writ, Order, Judgment, Decree or Act of the said Courts, or shall resist or oppose the Execution thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justices of the Peace or Commissioners, and they or any of them are and is hereby required, on the same being proved before him, by the Oath or Affidavit of One credible Witness, to commit the said Parson or Persons so offending as aforesaid to Custody, in order to his or their being conveyed to Upper Canada; and that it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace or Commissioner, or any Person or Persons acting under his Authority, to convey or cause to be conveyed such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid to Upper Canada, in pursuance of such Process, Writ, Order, Decree, Judgment or Act, and such Person and Persons shall be committed to Gaol by the said Court, on his, her or their being so brought into the said Province of Upper Canada, by which such Process, Writ, Order, Decree, Judgment or Act was issued, made, delivered, given or done, until a final Judgment or Decree shall have been pronounced in such Suit, and shall have been duly performed, and all Costs paid, in case such Person or Persons shall be a Party or Parties in such Suit, or until the Trial of such Suit shall have been concluded, in case such Person or Persons shall be a Witness or Witnesses therein: Provided always, that if any Person or Persons so apprehended as aforesaid shall enter into a Bond Recognizance to any such Justice of the Peace or Commissioner, with Two sufficient Sureties, to the Satisfaction of such Justice of the Peace or Commissioner, or the said Courts, conditioned to obey and perform such Process, Writ, Order, Judgment, Decree or Act as aforesaid, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice of the Peace or Commissioner, or the said Courts, to discharge such Person or Persons out of Custody.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 66. 229

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Person or Persons shall not perform and fulfil the Condition or Conditions of such Recognizance, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for-any such Justice or Commissioner, and he is hereby required, to assign such Recognizance to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any Suit in which such Process, Writ, Order, Decree, Judgment or Act shall have been issued, made, delivered, given or done, who may maintain an Action in the said Courts in his own Name against the said Sureties, and recover against such Sureties the full Amount of such Loss or Damage as such Plaintiff shall prove to have been sus^ tained by him, by reason of the original Cause of Action in respect of which such Process, Writ, Order, Decree, Judgment or Act of the said Courts were issued, made, delivered, given or done as aforesaid, notwithstanding any thing contained in any Charter granted to the said Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading to Hudsons Bay.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, if He shall deem it convenient so to do, to issue a Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons to be and act as Justices of the Peace within such Parts of America as aforesaid, as well within any Territories heretofore granted to the Company of Adventurers of England trading to Hudsons Bay, as within the Indian Territories of such other Parts of America as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Court in the Province of Upper, Canada, in any case in which it shall appear expedient to have any Evidence taken by Commission, or any Facts or Issue, or any Cause or Suit ascertained, to issue a Commission to any Three or more of such Justices to take such Evidence, and return the same, or try such Issue, and for that Purpose to hold Courts, and to issue Subpoenas or other Processes to compel Attendance of Plaintiffs, Defendants, Jurors, Witnesses and all other Persons requisite and essential to the Execution of the several Purposes for which such Commission or Commissions had issued, and with the like Power and Authority as are vested in the Courts of the said Province of Upper Canada; and any Order, Verdict, Judgment or Decree that shall be made, found, declared or published by or before any Court or Courts held under and by virtue of such Commission or Commissions, shall be considered to be of as full Effect, and enforced in like Manner, as if the same had been made, found, declared or published withir the Jurisdiction of the Court of the said Province; and at the Time of issuing such Commission or Commissions shall be declared the Place or Places where such Commission is to be opened, and the Courts and Proceedings thereunder held; and it shall be at the same time provided how and by what Means the Expences of such Commission, and the Execution thereof, shall be raised and provided for.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, notwithstanding any thing contained in this Act, or in any Charter granted to the said Governor and Company of Adventurers of England trading to Hudsons Bay, from time to time, by any Commission under the Great Seal, to authorize and empower any such Persons so appointed Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, to sit and hold Courts of Record for the Trial of Criminal Offences and Misdemeanors, and also of Civil Causes; and it shall be law-

Q 3 ful

Such Recognisance may be assigned.

notwithstanding Charter to Hudson's Bay Company. Appointment by His Majesty of Justices of Peace to determine Causes.

Effect of such Decree, &c.

His Majesty may issue Commissions under Great Seal, empowering Justices to hold Courts of Record for Trial of Criminal and Civil Offences.

Sle

C. 66, 67.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Such Courts constituted as His Majesty shall direct.

Power of Court not to extend to Capital Offences; nor to Civil Actions where the Amount in Issue exceeds 2001.

Appeal.

Proviso for Hudson's Bay Company.

9 Ann. . 6.

fill for His Majesty to order, direct and authorize the Appointment of proper Officers to act in aid of such Courts and Justices within the Jurisdiction assigned to such Courts and Justices in any Such Commission; any thing in this Act, or in any Charter of the Governor and Company of Merchant Adventurers of England trading to Hudsons Bay, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Courts shall be constituted, as to the Number of Justices to preside therein, and as to such Places within the said Territories of the said Company, or any Indian Territories, or other Parts of North America as aforesaid, and the Times and Manner of holding the same, as His Majesty shall from time to time order and direct; but shall not try any Offender upon any Charge or Indictment for any Felony made the Subject or Capital Punishment, or for any Offence or passing Sentence affecting the Life of any Offender, or adjudge or cause any Offender to suffer Capital Punishment or Transportation, or take Cognizance of or try any Civil Action or Suit, in which the Cause of such Suit or Action shall exceed in Value the Amount or Sum of Two hundred Pounds; and in every case of any Offence subjecting the Person committing the same to Capital Punishment or Transportation, the Court or any Judge of any such Court, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom any such Offender shall be brought, shall commit such Offender to safe Custody, and cause such Offender to be sent in such Custody for Trial in the Court of the Province of Upper Canada.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Judgments given in any Civil Suit shall be subject to Appeal to His Majesty in Council, in like manner as in other cases in His Majesty's Province of Upper Canada, and also in any case in which the Right or Title to any Land shall be in question.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken or construed to affect any Right, Privilege, Authority or Jurisdiction which the Governor and Company of Adventurers trading to Hudsons Bay are by Law entitled to claim and exercise under their Charter; but that all such Rights, Privileges, Authorities and Jurisdictions shall remain in as full force, virtue and effect, as if this Act had never been made; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for extending the Drawbacks on Coals used in Mines and Smelting Works within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Coals used in draining Coal Mines in the County of Pembroke.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Ann, intituled An Act for reviving, continuing and appropriating certain Duties upon several *' Commodities to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals to be water-borne and carried coastwise, and for making further Duties

upon Candlesy for Thirty two Years; to raise Fifteen hundred

thousand Pounds by way of Lottery, for the Sendee of the Year

One thousand seven hundred and eleven; and for suppressing such

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 67.

231

 54.

unlawful Lotteries and such Insurance Offices as are therein mention-

ed, a Drawback of all the Duties charged on Coals carried coast-

wise is granted oik Coals used for smelting Copper and Tin Ores

within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His late 14 G. 2. c. 4l.

Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting

to His Majesty the Sum of One Million out of the Sinking Fund,

and for applying other Sums therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty one; and for allowing a Drawback of the Duties upon Coals used in Fire Engines for draining Tin and Copper Mines in the County of Cornwall; and for appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills, Lottery Tickets and Orders, lost, burnt or otherwise destroyed; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for tie Indentures and Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices, a 4 Drawback of all the Duties paid on Coal is allowed on Coals which shall be used in Fire Engines for the draining Water out of the Mines of Tin and Copper within the County of Cornwall:

And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty first Year of the Reign 51 G.s. c. 83.

of His Tate Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for allowing the like Drawback of Duty paid on Coals used in certain Mines and Smelting Mills in Devonshire, as is now allowed in the County of Cornwall, it is enacted, that for all Coals that shall be used for Fire Engines in Mines of Tin, Copper or Lead, or for

calcining or smelting Lead Ores within the County of Devon, and for which Duties have been first answered and paid, a Drawback shall be allowed and made of all such Duties: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty third Year of the Reign of His said late 53 G. 3. c. 18.

Majesty, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals used in Fire or Steam Engines for raising Ores in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, the Drawback is extended to . ' all Coals consumed in Fire or Steam Engines used for the Purpose of raising Ores or Dead Stuff or Rubbish out of Mines in the Counties of Cornwall and Devon: And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Ma- 56 G. 3. c. 134.

jesty, intituled An Act for allowing a Drawback of the Duty on Coals consumed in Lead Mines in Cornwall, the Drawback granted by the Act of the Fifty first Year of the King, to Lead Mines in the County of Devon, is extended to the County of Cornwall:

And Whereas it will be expedient to repeal the whole or such Parts of the said Acts as relate to Drawbacks on Coals used within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, to consolidate some of the Provisions of the said Acts, and to extend others Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Acts as relates to granting a Drawback of the Duties on Coals used and consumed in the working of Mines and smelting Minerals, in the Counties of Coals* repealed, Cornwall and Devon, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

H. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Drawback of Act, for all Coals that shall be consumed in Fire or Steam Engines, r>uty " Coals used for drawing Water, drawing Ores, Dead Stuff or Rubbish, for ^Steam

Q 4? stamping

So far as relates to Drawback on

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Engines for drawing Water, Ores, &c. in Mines of Cornwall or Devon.

Proof of Pay xnent of Duty, and that Coals were so consumed, to be made on Oath.

Drawback of Duty on Coals used in Steam Engines for draining of Coal Mines in Pembroke.

1 G. 3. (I ) 3G.S. (I.)

stamping or pulverizing Ores, or for any other Purposes, in Mines of Copper, lln, Lead, Zinc, Arsenic or other Metal, within the Counties of Cornwall or Devon, and for all Coals used in roasting, calcining, smelting or refining any Copper, Tin, Lead, Zinc, Arsenic or other Metal, or any of their Ores, within the said Counties, and for which Duties have been first answered and paid, a Drawback shall be allowed and made of all such Duties, upon Proof by Oath made before the Collector of the said Duties (which Oath he is hereby empowered and required to administer) , that such Coals have been so used and applied, and the Amount of the Duties so drawn back shall be returned and paid by the Collector of the said Duties to the Persons making Proof as aforesaid.

III. And Whereas it is expedient that, previously to the Draw-

back being repaid upon Coals used or consumed as aforesaid within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, Proof should be made that the Duties upon the same have been actually paid, and that the said Coals were bondJide used or consumed, and that no Part of the same have been or shall be used or sold for domestic Purposes, or as Culm for burning Lime, or for any other Purpose not contemplated by Law Be it therefore enacted, That previously to any Drawback being paid upon Coals used or consumed as aforesaid in the Counties of Cornwall or Devon, Proof shall be made upon Oath, either by some one of the Proprietors or Adventurers in such Mine or Work, or by a managing Agent, before the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs (which Oath they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer) of the Port where the Drawback shall be paid, that he verily believes that the Duties upon the said Coals have been actually paid, and that the said Coals were bond Jide used and consumed in such a Manner as to entitle them to the Drawback under the Provisions of this Act.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient that a Drawback of the Duties on Coals should be allowed on all Coals used in Steam Engines employed in draining Coal Mines in the County of Pembroke; Be it therefore enacted, That a Drawback of the whole of the Duties payable on Coals shall be paid and allowed for all Coals used in Steam Engines which shall be employed in draining Coal Mines in the County of Pembroke; and such Drawback shall be paid and allowed under the same Rules and Regulations as the Drawbacks hereinbefore mentioned are directed to be repaid and allowed.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to repeal so much of several Acts to prevent the excessive Price of Coals, as relates to Coal Yards established at the Expence of the Public in Dublin and Cork.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to prevent the excessive Price of Coals in the City of Dublin; and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Third Year of His said late Majesty, for amending and continuing the said first recited Act, and by an

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 68. 233

Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom, in the

Fifly second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for 52 G. 3. c. 136. ' enabling the Lord Lieutenant to regulate the Price of Coals to be bought for the Benefit of the Poor of the City of Dublin,

divers Provisions and Regulations were made for the establishing and regulating Public Coal Yards for supplying the Journeymen,

Tradesmen and Manufacturers, and the Poor of the City of

Dublin, with Coals at moderate Prices: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, so far as relates to

such public Coal Yards; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Recited Acts from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hun- repealed, so f* dred and twenty two, so much and such Parts, Clauses and "IT1 Provisions of the said recited Acts of the First and Third and Fifty Yards in second Years of His late Majesty's Reign, shall be repealed, as Dublin, &c. relate to any such public Coal Yard or Coal Yards in the City

of Dublin, or to the buying in or supplying Coals at any of the said public Coal Yards, or to the selling out Coals from the said Coal Yards, or to the appointing any Director or Superintendant of any such Coal Yards, or to the Advance of any Money out of the Treasury to such Director or Superintendant for the Purchase of Coals, or to the Payment of any Salary to such Director, or any Clerks under him, or to the Appointment or Payment of any Comptroller of the Accounts and Conduct of such Director, or as in any way relate to such Coal Yards, or the Purchase or Sale of Coals there; and the said Parts, Clauses, and Provisions of the said recited Acts shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, cease and determine, and are hereby repealed accordingly.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, 5 G. 3. (I.)

among other things, for the continuing, reviving and amending several temporary Statutes, it was among other things enacted,

that the said Acts of the First and Third Years of His said late

Majesty's Reign, hereinbefore recited, and all and every Clause and Clauses therein contained, should extend to the City of

Cork9 as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if the said City had been expressly mentioned in the said Acts, except only as is provided and enacted in the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, and whereby the said recited

Acts of the said First and Third Years were amended, so far as relates to the said City of Cork: And Whereas it is expedient

that the said Provisions of the said recited Act of the said Fifth Year of His late Majesty's Reign should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January So far as it One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, so much and suen extends l G. s. Parts of the said recited Act of the said Fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, whereby the said recited Acts of the said First repJa{>ed# and Third Years of His said late Majesty's Reign, and all and

every Clause and Clauses therein, are extended to the said City of Cork, and all Clauses, Enactments and Provisions in the said recited Act of the said Fifth Year of His said late Majesty's

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Directors of Coal Yards in Dublin and Cork not to purchase any more Coals. Coals iir Store to be sold, and Produce paid into Exchequer at Dublin.

Reign, for carrying into effect the said recited Acts of the said First and Third Years of His said late Majesty's Reign, in the said City of Cork, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and shall thenceforth cease and determine; any thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Director or Superintendent of the several Coal Yards in Dublin or Cork, or any of them, to-buy or purchase any Coals for the Supply of the said Coal Yards in Dublin or Cork, or any of them, at any Time after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act; and that the said Directors or Superintendents of the said several Coal Yards in Dublin and Cork respectively, shall, before the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, sell out and dispose of all Coals which are or shall be stored in the said Coal Yards, or any of them respectively, at such Times, and at and for such Price or Prices, as shall be appointed or directed by any Order or Orders of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, for that Purpose; and every such Order shall be signified in Writing to such Director or Superintendant, by the Chief Secretary, or in his Absence by the Under Secretary of the Civil Department; and that all Money arising from the Sale of such Coals shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin.

CAP. LXIX.

An Act for vesting all Estates and Property, occupied for the Ordnance Service, in the principal Officers of the Ordnance; and for granting certain Powers to the said principal Officers.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, have been at various times purchased for the Use of the Department of His Majesty's Ordnance, and have been conveyed to or to several different Persons, in Trust for His Majesty and His Royal Predecessors, and His and their Heirs and Successors, and the same have been placed under the Charge of the said Department: And Whereas certain Parts of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, not being now wanted for the Service of the said Department, the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance have lately entered into conditional Contracts or Agreements in Writing for the Bale and Disposal thereof to, sundry Persons, but such Contracts or Agreements cannot be carried into Effect without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And Whereas it may be expedient that such other Parts of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as may not be wanted for the Service of the said Department, should from time to time be also sold and disposed of: And Whereas, for effectuating such Sales, it is necessary that all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so already purchased or used,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 69. 235

and occupied by or for the Service of the said Ordnance Department, and %11 other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements

and Hereditaments, that may be hereafter purchased, or in any manner used and occupied by or for the Service of the said De-

partment, should be vested in the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the passing of this Act, all Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which have been heretofore purchased or taken by or in the Name of or by any Person or Persons in Trust for His Majesty or His Royal Predecessors, and His or their Heirs and Successors, for the Use or Service of the said Ordnance Department (by whatever Mode of Conveyance the same shall have been so purchased or taken) , either in Fee, or for any Life or Lives, oi* any Term or Terms of Years, or any other or lesser Interest; and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall or may be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging (other than and except such Messuages, Lanas, Tenements and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure) , shall be and become and remain and continue vested in the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the respective Nature and Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates and Interests of and in the same Hereditaments respectively, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the said Ordnance Department, or for such other public Service or Services as His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall from time to titne, by any Order in Council, be pleased to direct.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Purchase and Conveyance, Grant or Demise thereof, all other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (other than and except as aforesaid) , which shall at any time or times hereafter be purchased by the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being, or by any other Person or Persons, by their Order, for the Service of the said Ordnance Department, and all Erections and Buildings which shall then or which may thereafter be erected and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall in like manner be and become and remain and continue vested in the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the Nature and Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several and respective Estates and Interests of and in the same respectively, in Trust as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present principal Officers of the Ordnance, or of any of them, or of any future principal Officers or principal Officer, all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements

Goodfe

Lands purchased for the Service of the Ordnance, and all Buildings thereon, vested in principal Officers.

Exception.

Lands to be hereafter purchased, and also the Buildings thereon vested in like manner.

In case of Death, &c. such Premises (Exception) to vest in Successors.

236

C. 69.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Lands may be sold, exchanged or let by the said principal Officers.

Principal Officers not to take a greater Estate than was in the Crown.

Purchase Monies to be paid to Treasurer of the Ordiyutce, &c.

and Hereditaments respectively (other than and except as aforesaid) shall become vested in, and be held by the succeeding principal Officers, according to the respective Nature and Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates and Interests of and in the same respectively, in Trust as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said principal Officers for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to sell, exchange or in any manner dispose of, or to let or demise, as well any of the Freehold and Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, which shall be vested in them under and by virtue of this present Act, with their respective Appurtenances, as also any of the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall have been surrendered to and vested in any Person or Persons, and his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust for His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the said Ordnance Department, either by Public Auction or Private Contract; and as to the said Freehold and Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said principal Officers or any Three or more of them, and as to the said Copyhold Messuages, Land, Tenements and Hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons in whom the same shall be so vested as aforesaid, in due Form of Law, to convej, surrender, assign or make over, or to grant or demise the same respectively (as the case may require) to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase or take the same in exchange or otherwise respectively, and also to do any other Act, Matter or Thing in relation to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall by the said principal Officers be deemed beneficial to the Public Service, in relation thereto or for the better Management thereof, which might be done by any Person having a like Interest in any such like Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to give to the said principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being a greater or better Estate in the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any of them, than was vested in His Majesty at the Time of the passing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to arise and be produced by the Sale or Exchange of any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so sold or exchanged under the Provisions of this present Act, shall be paid by the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or the Person or Persons making such Exchange, into the Treasury of His Majesty's Ordnance in the Tower of London, unto the Ordnance Treasurer there for the time being, or to such other Person or Persons as the said principal Officers for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall direct or appoint to receive the same, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that the Receipt of the said principal Officers, or of any Three or more of them, for such Monies (such Receipt to be indorsed on every such Conveyance, Surrender or Assignment, as aforesaid,)

A.D. 1821.

l&2GEa IV.

C. 69.

237

said,) shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers, or Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall be paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the Payment of such Purchase Money, and the Execution of every such Conveyance, Surrender and Assignment as aforesaid, the Purchaser or Purchasers therein named, or the Person or Persons making such Exchange as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seized and possessed of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased or taken in exchange by, and conveyed, surrendered, assigned or made over to him, her or them respectively, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and all manner of prior Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, Claims and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be had, made or set up, in, to, out of or upon or in respect of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by any Person or Persons whomsoever on any Account whatever (save and except such Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, Claims and Demands, as in any such Conveyance, Surrender, Deed of Exchange or Assignment, shall be excepted).

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall have any just and legal or equitable Right to any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so sold, exchanged and conveyed as aforesaid, or to any Part or Parts thereof, or to any Charge, Incumbrance or Demand affecting the same, and not being under any of the Disabilities hereinafter mentioned, and shall within Five Years next after such Right shall by Law or Equity accrue to or become vested in him, her or them respectively, or being Femes Covert (except Femes Covert whose Estates have been or may be sold under the Authority of this or any other Act of Parliament for that Purpose) , Persons within the Age of Twenty one Years, or out of the Realm, or not of whole Mind at the Time of such Sale, Exchange and Conveyance as aforesaid, shall within Five Years next after they shall respectively come and be discovert, at their full Age of Twenty one Years, out of Prison, within this Land, or of whole Mind, make out and establish such Right or Claim to the Satisfaction of the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being, then and in such case the said principal Officers shall make or cause to be made a fair and reasonable Compensation or Satisfaction for every such Right and Claim so made out and established as aforesaid; but such Compensation or Satisfaction shall not in any case exceed the Amount of the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies which shall have been paid to and received by the said principal Officers, for the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Right or Claim shall be so made out as aforesaid, or a proportional Part thereof, exclusive of the Value of any Buildings or Improvements which shall havfe been erected or made thereon for the Use of the said Ordnance Department.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That until any such Sale, Exchange and Conveyance of any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or of any

After Purchase Money paid,

&c. the Purchaser to have full Right and Possession.

In what cases Compensation to be made by the said Principal Officers.

But not to exceed the Purchase Money received by such principal Officers.

Terms of Years to remain vested until Sale, &c, completed.

238

C. 69.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Actions of Ejectment, &c. may be brought by the said principal Officers.

How the Plaintiffs in such Actions to be described.

Power given to Bodies Politic and others to treat.

Part thereof, shall be made and executed under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and as to all such the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof no such Sale or Exchange and Conveyance shall be made and executed as aforesaid, no Term or Terms of Years which shall or may have been, or which shall or may be assigned to any Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, in Trust to attend the Inheritance of the same Premises, and to protect the same from mesne Incumbrances (if any) shall, by reason of any thing herein contained, merge in the same Premises, but that until such Sale or Exchange and Conveyance as aforesaid, and as to all such the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof no such Sale or Exchange and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made and executed as aforesaid, all and every such Terms or Term of Years shall remain, continue and be vested in the Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in whom the same now are or shall at any Time hereafter be vested, in Trust to attend the Inheritance of the same Premises, and to protect the same from mesne Incumbrances (if any); any Law, Custom or Usage, or any Clause, Matter or Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said principal Officers for the time being, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, to bring, prosecute and maintain any Action or Actions of Ejectment or other Proceedings at Law or in Equity, for recovering Possession of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by this Act vested in them as aforesaid; and to distrain or sue for any Arrears of Rent which shall have become or shall become due for or in respect thereof, under any parol or other Demise from the said principal Officers; and also tu bring, prosecute and maintain, or to defend any other Action or Suit in respect of or in relation to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Trespass or Encroachment committed thereon, or Damage or Injury done thereto; and that in every such Action or Suit the said principal Officers for the time being shall be called "The principal .Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance," without naming them or any of them; and no such Action or Suit shall abate by the Death, Resignation or Removal of such principal Officers or any of them; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Laws, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies Of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which have been or i^ay be hereafter agreed to be purchased or taken for the Use of the said Ordnance Department, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots or Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, to contract or agree with the said principal Officers for the time being, either for the

absolute

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 69.

239

absolute Sale or Exchange of any such Freehold or Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold Messuages, Lands or Hereditaments, or Sale of any Reversion after any Estate or Estates for Lives or Years, or for the Grant of any Lease either for Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years certain therein, or for such Period as the Exigency of the Public Service shall require, and to convey, surrender, demise or grant the same accordingly; and Contracts valid, all Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Enfranchisements, Surrenders,

Leases and Agreements, which shall be made in pursuance hereof, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be a complete Bar to all Dower and Claims of Dower, Estates Tail, and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every such case of Investment of Purchase or Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Purchase such Reversion as aforesaid, or of the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold, or Purchase of any other Interest belonging to any ^ewUdnig such Body or other Person or Persons under any Disability or aool/ Incapacity, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the Purchase Money, if the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of

Two hundred Pounds, shall be paid into the Hands or in to the Name of the Accountant General, or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster or Dublin, or the King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer of the said Court at Edinburgh respectively, for the time being, for the Use and Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments; and such Accountant General, King's Remembrancer, or other proper Officer respectively, is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept, and to give a Discharge for the same, and upon the Acceptation or Receipt thereof, to sign a Certificate to Certificate of the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer^ under his Payment by Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Con- pecelv"

sideration was received or accepted by and paid to him in pur- mg c same' suance of this Act, for the Use and Benefit of such Owners or Proprietors as shall be named in such Certificate, and the said Cer-% tificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Dublin or Edinburgh respectively, and a true Copy thereof, signed by the said Accountant General, King's Remembrancer, or other proper Officer respectively of such Court, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and the said Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer respectively, is hereby required upon Receipt of any such Sum or Sums of Money as aforesaid, to pay the same into the Bank of England, Money to be or Bank of Ireland, or Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of P*id into the Scotland, as the case may require; and immediately upon the Bank* filing or depositing of such Certificate, the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become vested in the said principal Officers of the Ordnance for the time being, for the Public Service, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of Barons of Er-His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Dublin or chequer to Edinburgh, of the Degree of the Coif for the time being, or any Order on

C. 69.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

manly for the Investment of such Purchase Money.

Investment of Purchase Money when less than 2001. and exceeding 20L

Investment of T urchase

One or more of them, shall be, and they or he are or is hereby authorized and empowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion or Petition, for and on Behalf of any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of the Money so paid to and received by the said Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer respectively, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer respectively, concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such farther Satisfaction as they or he shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Money or any Part of the same, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal, in the Public Funds or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, as the said Lands and Hereditaments so purchased or taken stood settled at the Time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, or as near thereto as the same can be done, or otherwise concerning the Disposition of the said Money or any Part thereof, and the Interest of the same, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons entitled to and interested in the same respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes, as the said Court shall think just and reasonable.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such Purchase Money as is lastly hereinbefore mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then find in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rentd and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Hands of the said Accountant General, King's Remembrancer, or other proper Officer respectively of the said Court of Exchequer, m order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Three Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said principal Officers, or any Three or more of them, such Nomination or Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties, in order that such Principal Money may be invested in the Purchase of Stock in the Public Funds; and that such Stock, when purchased, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Order, Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Exchequer.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such Purchase Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and

111

A.D. 1821.

P & 2 GEO. IV. C. 69, 70.

241

in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Per- Money le*s son or Persons who would for the time being be entitled to the than sol. Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, in such manner as the said principal Officers, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or Re- Stock and Se-moval of any such Accountant General, king's Remembrancer purities retted or other proper Officer respectively, all Stock and Securities Ge^2u^nt vested in him by virtue of this Act shall vest in the succeeding , n^70f Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer or Removal, to respectively, for the Purpose hereinbefore mentioned, without vest in the Suc-any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the said c*#sor-Banks respectively, in pursuance of this Act, or remaining in the Hands of any Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer respectively, at his Death or Removal, and not vestea in the Funds or placed out on Securities as aforesaid, shall be paid over to the succeeding Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer respectively for the time being.

CAP. LXX.

An Act for raising a Loan of Thirteen Millions from the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late 26 G.3. c.si.

Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of 4 a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National Debt; And Whereas an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late 37 G. 3. (I.)

Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting a certain Fund in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of \he National Debt; and to direct the Application of additional Funds, in case of future Loans, to the like Purposes: And Whereas an Act passed in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in the

Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled 56Q.3. c. 98. 4 An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom;

and by the said last recited Act it is, among other things, 13.

enacted, that so much of the said hereinbefore recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland, Or of any Act for amending the same,

as directs that certain Persons shall be Commissioners for carlying into Execution the Purposes of the said Act of the Parliament of Ireland, shall be and the same is thereby repealed;

and that from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Commissioners for the Reduc-1 & 2 Geo. IV. R 4 tion

242

C. 70.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

The Money heretofore iued to the Comminionen for the Reduction of the National Debt to cominue to be bo tawed.

fion of the National Debt of Great Britain, shall be and become Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom, and that the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities as are or may be given in and by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland, relative to the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain or the National Debt of Ireland; and that the several Sums whch, under and by virtue of several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, are required to be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain and the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, respectively, on Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, and of the National Debt of Ireland, shall continue to be so set apart; and that all such Sums so set apart, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall and may be issued and paid from time to time into the Bank of England, or into the Bank of Ireland, as shall be directed and required by the Lord High Treasurer,

+or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, and shall be from time to time applied, under the Direction of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Purchase of such Capital Stock, Funds, Debentures or Annuities, or towards any Public Loan, either in Great Britain or Ireland, as shall seem most expedient to the said Commissionere for the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom; and that the Orders of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom shall at all times be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the Bank of Ireland, for the Application of any Part of the Money from time to time remaining in the Bank of England, or Bank of Ireland, on account of the said Commissioners, to the Purchase of any Stock, Funds, Debentures or Annuities, or towards any Public Loan in Great Britain or Ireland: And Whereas the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies, have resolved, that the Sum of Thirteen Millions be raised by Annuities in manner hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas the Commissioners under the said recited Act have agreed to subscribe the said Sum of Thirteen Millions in manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds in Great Britain, and Five hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, being Five hundred forty one thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, in Ireland; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Monies which have heretofore been issued, or are required or directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be issued to the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom, shall continue to be issued and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as heretofore.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. c. 70. 243

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners 12, 500,000l. to

shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, out of the be paid by the Monies which shall be issued and carried to their Account at the Commissioners Bank of England, after the passing of this Act, to order and and at

direct their Agent or Agents, or proper Officers, to pay into the Times Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, on account herein meo-of the Sum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds, tioned.

Part of the said Loan of Thirteen Millions so agreed to be subscribed and advanced by the said Commissioners, the Sum of Two millions seven hundred thousand Pounds within the (Quarter of the Year ending on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Sum of Three millions seven hundred thousand Pounds within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum of Two millions six hundred thousand Pounds within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and the* Sum of Three millions five hundred thousand Pounds within the Quarter of the Year ending 6n the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in such. Proportions, and at such Times in each of such respective Quarters, as the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no larger Sum in each Quarter than is before specified, and no further Sum in the Whole than Twelve Millions five hundred thousand Pounds, shall be s6 paid and advanced by the said Commissioners out of the Monies in the Bank of England on account of the said Commissioners.

III. And be it further enacted, That for every One hundred Commissionen

Pounds of the said JSum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand entitled for Pounds so paid, advanced and contributed by the said Commis- ^Jv^ed to sioners as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall be entitled to |he s

the Principal Sum of One hundred Pounds in Annuities after the per Cent Re-Rate of Three Pounds per Centumy transferable at the Bank of duced, and England, to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand 3011in eight hundred and twenty one, and to be added to and made One conLII Joint Stock with certain Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds 

per Centum, which were reduced from Four Pounds to Three Pounds per Centum by an Act made in the Twenty third Year of 23 G.2. e.id. the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of England at the same Time and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities; and to the further Principal Sum of Thirty Pounds Seven Shillings and Sixpence in Annuities, transferable at the Bank of England, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum> to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousana eight hundred and twenty one, and to be added to and made One Joint Stock with the Three Pounds per Centum Annuities consolidated by the Acts of the Twenty fifth,

Twenty eighth, Twenty ninth, Thirty second and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and by several subsequent Acts, and to be payable and trans-

R 2 ferrable 33'2' e'7 *

25 G.*. c. 27.

28 G. 2. c. 15.

29 G. 2. c. 7.

244

C. 70.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

S2 G. 3. c. 55.

5SG.3. 9, 35.

When the *bore Sum is paid into the Exchequer, Auditor to grant Certificates as herein mentioned; on Production at the Bank of such Certificates the Stock Is to be placed to the Credit of the Commissioners.

ferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time and in the same Manner, and subject to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities; which said respective Annuities shall be made Capital Stock in the Names of the said Commissioners; and the Dividends payable thereon shall be charged and chargeable upon, and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any other Duties and Revenues which shfcll be appropriated for that Purpose by any Act or Acts of this .present Session of Parliament; and such Capital Stock, and the Annuities arising therefrom, shall be deemed Part of the Stock and Annuities applicable by the said Commissioners to the Purposes of the Sinking Fund, and Annual Sums shall be issued as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption thereof, according to the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majestys Reign, intituled An Act for vesting certain Sums in Commissioners at the End of every Quarter of a Year, to be by them applied to the Reduction of the National i Debt; and to direct the Application of an additional Sum to the Reduction of the said Debt in case of future Loans; and of another Act passed in the Fifty third '('ear of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts passed in His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provision in respect thereof

IV. And be it further enacted, That when the whole of the said Sum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds, authorized to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall have - been paid into the Exchequer at Westminster, by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Auditor of the Exchequer shall grant a Certificate stating that the said Sum has been so paid, in which Certificate the Amount of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities to which the Commissioners, upon Payment of the said Sum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds, will become entitled, shall be specified; and upon the Production and Deposit of the said Certificate with the Accountant General of the Bank of England, the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall thereupon cause the Amount of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Bank Annuities, specified therein, to be written and entered to the Credit of the Account of the said Commissioners in the Books kept by the said Governor and Company for entering the Accounts of the said respective Annuities; and the said Commissioners shall, after the Production and Deposit of the said Certificate at the said Bank, be entitled, at the next Half Yearly Period for the Payment of the Dividends upon the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities respectively, which shall ensue after the full Payment of the said Sum of TVelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to receive the Dividends upon the Amount of the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated and Reduced Annuities, which shall tnen have been entered to the Credit of the Account of the said Commissioners, from the Periods when such Dividends are directed. to commence by this Act.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 70.

2 45

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful 500,000l. for the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National British Cur-Debt of the United Kingdom, and they are hereby authoized and ^ibJ required, out of any Monies which shall be issued and carried to conmri2mm their Account at the Bank of Ireland, after the passing of this into the Ex-Act, to order and direct their Agent or Agents, or proper Officer chequer in Ire-or Officers, to pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer l*nd> in the

at Dublin, on account of the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, being Five hundred forty one thousand ximherein six hundred sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence mentioned. Irish Currency, Fart of the said Loan of Thirteen Millions so agreed to be subscribed and advanced by the said Commissioners, the several Suras following, at the Times and in Manner hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, the Sum of One hundred and Fifty three thousand Pounds Irish Currency, within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Sum of Thirty six thousand Pounds Irish Currency within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum of One hundred and sixty two thousand Pounds Irish Currency within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of Aprd One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum of Thirty one thousand Pounds Irish Currency within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and the Sum of One hundred and fifty nine thousand six hundred sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency within the Quarter of the Year ending on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in such Proportions, and at such Times in each of such respective Quarters, as the Lord High Treasurer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Tni'ee or more of them for the Time being, shall order and direct: Provided always, that no larger Sum in each Quarter than is before specified, and no further Sum in the whole than Five hundred forty one thousand six hundred sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, being Five hundred thousand Pounds British Currency, shall be so paid and advanced by the said Commissioners out of the Monies in the Bank of Ireland on account of the said Commissioners.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for every One hundred Commissioners

Pounds British Currency, being One hundred and eight Pounds J entit1* Six Shillings and Eight Pence Irish Currency, so paid, advanced, to

and contributed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the said 1291.3s. 26. Commissioners shall be entitled to the Principal Sum of One hun- in the sL. 10s. dred and twenty nine Pounds Three Shillings and Two Pence, in per Cents. Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per

Centum, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, to commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and to oe added to and made one joint Stock with the Capital of the Annuities and Debentures, after the Rate of Three rounds and Ten Shillings per Centum, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, and to be payable and transferable at the Bank of Ireland at the same Time, and in the same Manner, and subject

R 3 to

246

C. 70.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

When the lest mentioned Sum on account of the Loan shall be paid, the Auditor to grant Certificates as herein mentioned; on Production at the Bank of such Certificates, the Stock is to be placed to the Credit of the Commissioners.

Treasury may issue the Money to such Services as shall have been voted.

to the like Redemption, as the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities and Debentures transferable at the Bank of Ireland; and the said Annuities shall be made Capital Stock in the Names of the said Commissioners, and the Dividends payable thereon shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any other Duties and Revenues which shall be appropriated for that Purpose by any Act or Acts of this present Session of Parliament; and such Capital Stock* and the Annuities arising therefrom, shall be deemed Part of the Stock and Annuities applicable in Ireland, by the said Commissioners, to the Purposes of the Sinking Fund; and annual Sums shall be issued as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption thereof, according to the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts in force for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That when the Whole of the said Sum of Five hundred forty one thousand six hundred sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, so authorized to be raised in pursuance of this Act, shall have been paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer at Dublin, by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Auditor General of the said Exchequer, or the Loan Clerk there, shall grant a Certificate stating that the said Sum has been so paid, in which Certificate the Amount of the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, to which the said Commissioners will become entitled upon Payment of the Whole of the said Sum, shall be specified; and upon the Production and Deposit of the said Certificate with the Accountant General of the Bank of Ireland, the Governor and Company of the said Bank shall thereupon cause the Amount of the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities specified therein to be written and entered to the Credit of the Account of the said Commissioners, in the Books kept by the said Governor and Company for entering the Accounts of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities; and the said Commissioners shall, after the Production and Deposit of the said Certificate at the said Bank, be entitled at the next Half Yearly Period for the Payment of the Dividends upon the said Three rounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, which shall ensue after the full Payment of the said Sum of Five hundred forty one thousand six hundred sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, to receive the Dividends upon the Amount of the said Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities which shall then have been entered to the Credit or Account of the said Commissioners from the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, from which Period such Dividends are directed to commence by this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Lord High Treasurer of the said United Kingdom for the time being, to issue and apply from time to time all such Sums of Money as shall be paia under this Act into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster and Dublin as aforesaid, to

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 70, 71, 72. 247

such Services as shall have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in this present Session of Parliament. '

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Bank ef Eng-the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the Go- Und or Ireland vemor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, respectively, to ad- advance vance or lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, or at the Receipt of His Majesty's Loan after the Exchequer in Dublin, upon the Credit of the several Sums to be Rate of per subscribed and advanced by the Commissioners for the Reduction Cent, of the National Debt in pursuance of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Amount of Thirteen Millions British Currency, any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding; so that no greater or higher Sum, by way of Interest, Discount, Gratuity or other Consideration, shall be demanded or taken by such or any of the said Governors and Companies respectively, or by any Person on their Behalf, than at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum for any Money so advanced.

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twenty nine Millions by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[2d July 1821.]

[This Act is the same as 1 G.4. c. 31. except as to Dates.]

CAP. LXXII.

An Act to establish an Agreement with the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, for advancing the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency; and to empower the said Governor and Company to enlarge the Capital Stock or Fund of the said Bank to Three Millions.

[2d July 1821.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Bank of Recital ef

Ireland are willing and have proposed to advance the Agreement Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for the

Public Service, in the Manner and upon the Terms and Conditions hereinafter mentioned, upon the said Governor and Company being authorized and empowered by Parliament to increase

their Capital Stock, which now consists of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to Three Millions, and that the proposed Increase of Five hundred thousand Pounds may be appropriated amongst the Proprietors of the Capital Stock of the Bank of Ireland, at the Rate of Twenty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock which they respectively shall hold on the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and until Repayment to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, upon the Promissory Notes of the said Governor and Company, expressed to be payable to

248

C. 72.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Bearer on Demand, being received in Payment of all Sums of Money which now are or shall become payable for any Part of the Public Revenue of Ireland, and being accepted by the Collectors, Receivers and other Officers of the Revenue of Ireland, authorized to receive the same, if offered to be so paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted; and that in Consideration of the above proposed Increase of the Capital Stock of the Bank of Ireland, and of the Notes of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland being received in Payment of every Branch of the Public Revenue m Ireland as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company shall advance the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, for the Public Service, to be paid on the Fifth Day of July in the present Year, the Repayment thereof to be secured with Interest at the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable Half Yearly, and to be repaid on the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty eight, and to be charged and chargeable upon and to be repaid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, unless otherwise provided for by Parliament: And Whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland have consented to a Provision being enacted in this Act, that from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Number of Persons in Ireland, acting in Copartnership, and residing and carrying on their Business not less than Fifty Miles from Dublin, to borrow, owe and take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes payable on Demand, and to make and issue such Bills and Notes accordingly, payable on Demand, at any Place exceeding the Distance of Fifty Miles from Dublin, all the Individuals composing such Copartnership being liable and responsible for the aue Payment of such Bills and Notes; but that no other Power, Privilege or Authority shall, previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty eight, nor until after Repayment to the said Governor and Company of all such Sum and Sums of Money as now are or shall or may hereafter be due to them by Government, be granted to any Copartnership or Society of Persons whatsoever, contrary to the Laws now in Force for establishing and regulating the Bank of Ireland, save and except the Power for Persons in Ireland, acting in Copartnership, and residing and carrying on their Business not less than Fifty Miles from Dublin,

to sue and be sued in the Name of a Public Officer, if Parliament shall think fit to grant such Authority:' Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise, with as much Ease and Advantage as possible to Your Subjects, the necessary Supplies, and to encourage the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to advance the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 72. 249

the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and Bank of Ire* they are hereby authorized and empowered, on the Fifth Day of jPawer-July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, to advance jo^oolTIit* and lend to His Majesty, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Ex- 4 con. chequer in Dublin, upon the Credit of the Consolidated Fund of the said United Kingdom, the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, at an Interest of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum, such Interest to be payable Half Yearly to the said Governor and Company, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin; any thing contained in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Repayment of the said Repayment Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, and the chained on Interest thereof at they Rate aforesaid *, shall be and the same is CoMolidated hereby charged and made chargeable upon the said Consolidated UDd *

Fund, unless otherwise provided for by Parliament; and that such Interest Half Interest shall be paid Half Yearly to the said Governor and Com- Yearly, pany, at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, the

first Half Yearly Payment thereof to commence and be made on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty

two; and that the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds, Money to be

with all Arrears of Interest thereon, shall be repaid to the said "paid 1 *

Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland on the First Day 1838#

of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty eight.

III. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the Capital Stock said Advance of Five hundred thousand Pounds for the Public of Bank ex-Service as aforesaid, the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall be and the same is hereby 3*000 ooool. increased and extended from the Sum of Two millions five hundred Irish Currency, thousand Founds Irish Currency, of which the same now consists,

to the Sum of Three Millions Irish Currency, making an Increase or Addition of Five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock; and Tha Increase of that the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Capital Stock 500,000l. to be shall be appropriated and divided amongst the several Persons,

Bodies Politic and Corporate, who shall be Proprietors of the ftt t^TlUte of Capital Stock of the Bank of Ireland on die Twenty fourth Day aoL for every of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, at the Rate loot, they of Twenty Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of Bank Stock possess, of which such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, shall then be respectively Proprietors, or which they shall have standing in their respective Names in the Books kept by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland for the Entry and Transfer of such Stock, and so in proportion for a greater or lesser Sum; and such Division and Appropriation shall be placed to the Credit of the respective Names of such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, in the Books of the said Governor and Company accordingly; and all such Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, shall, from the time of such Division and Appropriation, be lawfully entitled to the additional Sum of Bank Stock so placed in or to the Credit of their respective Names, and shall respectively be entitled to be paid the same Rate of Dividend thereon, and to possess and enjoy the same Profits, Privileges and Advantages in respect thereof, in like manner to all Intents and Purposes as they are or shall be entitled to be paid, possess and enjoy, in respect

C. 72.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Increased Capital Stock assignable.

Stamp Duty thereon.

Until Repayment Notes of Bank of Ireland received in Payment of Public Revenue.

Proviso for Persons in Partnership residing not less than 50 Miles from Dublin borrowing on Bills and Notes payable on Demand.

SI & 22 G. S.

(I)

No other Privilege previous to Jan. 1. 1838, to be granted to Partnerships.

of the Ifonk Stock which shall stand in their respective Names previous to the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, so increased as aforesaid, shall be assignable and transferable in the same manner as the original Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company was assignable and transferable before the making of this Act, and, together with the Produce thereof, shall be free from Parliamentary Taxes, Charges and Impositions, and all other Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever; and the Transfers or Assignments of Stock or additional Stock in the Books of the said Company shall not hereafter be or be made liable to any higher or greater Stamp or other Duties than are now payable for the Transfers or Assignments of their present Stock, or any Part thereof; any thing in this Act contained, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That until Repayment to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland of the said Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, and all Interest to become due thereon, the Promissory Notes of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, expressed to be paid to Bearer on Demand (called Bank of Ireland Notes) , shall be received in Payment of all Sums of Money which now are or at any time hereafter shall become payable in Ireland, for or in respect of any Part of the Public Revenue of Ireland, and shall be accepted and received accordingly by all Collectors, Receivers and other Officers of the Revenue of Ireland, authorized to receive the same, if offered to be so paid, fractional Parts of Twenty Shillings only excepted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for any Number of Persons in Ireland, united or to be united in Societies or Partnerships, and residing and having their Establishments or Houses of Business at any Place not less than Fifty Miles distant from Dublin, to borrow, owe or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes payable on Demand, and to make and issue such Notes or Bills accordingly, payable on Demand, at any Place in Ireland exceeding the Distance of Fifty Miles from Dublin, all the Individuals composing such Societies or Copartnerships being liable and responsible for the due Payment of such Bills and Notes; and-such Persons shall not be subject or liable to any Penalty for the making or issuing such Bills or Notes; any thing in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, holden in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for establishing a Bank by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no further or other Power, Privilege or Authority shall, *previous to the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and thirty eight, nor until after Payment to the said Governor and Company of all Sum and Sums of Money which now are or hereafter shall or may become due to them from Government, be granted to any

Copart-

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 72, 73.

251

Copartnership or Society of Persons whatsoever, contrary to the Laws now in force for establishing and regulating the Bank of Ireland, save and except the Power of enabling such Societies Exception, and Copartnerships as aforesaid, residing and carrying on their Business not less than Fifty Miles from Dublin, to sue and be sued in the Name of a Public Officer, should Parliament hereafter think fit to grant such a Power.

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Number of contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize P*nooin any Persons exceeding Six in Number, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, residing or having their Establishment or Notes,

House of Business within the Distance of Fifty Miles from Dublin, &c. to make or issue any Bill or Bills of Exchange, or any Promissory Note or Notes, contrary to the Provisions of the said recited Act of the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of King George the Third.

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to permit, for Three Years, the Transfer from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fifty seventh Year of 57G.S. c. 79.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

1 intituled An Act to permit the Transfer of Capital from certain '

Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain, to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland, and which Act was amended by an Act

made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late 58G.S. c.sa

Majesty; and it is expedient that the Transfer of Capital should likewise be permitted to be made from certain Public Stocks or Funds in Ireland to certain Public Stocks or Funds in Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

and by the Authority of the same, That at any time after the Fifth Penons hold-Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it shall "J3 3i and may be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in the Three rounds and Ten ^millings per Centum per Annum Annuities transfer mine and Debentures transferable at the Bank of Ireland, or in the Four forcarapond-Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the said >ng Stock in Bank of Ireland, to transfer or cause to be transfered such Stock Brithh per or Annuities respectively, for the Purpose of having coresponding Ccnt8 *

Sums written in and consolidated with and made Part of the Capitid of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; and that it shall and may sod Irish 5 per be lawful at any time after the said Fifth Day of July One thou- JJ*?* sand eight hundred and twenty one, for any Person or Persons 5 cent* holding Stock in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferable at the Bank of Ireland, to transfer or cause to be transfered such Stock or Annuities, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with and made Part of the Capital of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, usually called The Navy Five per Cents, and which were created

by

C. 73.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

24 G. 3. sess. 2.

c. 39.

Not less than lOOOOl. Stock to be transferred.

Scale upon which Transfers shall be made under this Act:

1001. in the 3j per Cents.

100L in per Cent, and 1001. in 5 per Cent.

No Transfers to be made at the Bank of Ireland after certain Days preceding the several Dividend Days.

by an Act made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for granting Annuities to satisfy certain Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, and Ordnance Debentures, and by several subsequent Acts; and that all such Transfers shall be made according to the Scale and on the Terms and Conditions specified and contained in this Act*.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons holding Stock in any of the Funds or Annuities transferable at the Bank of Ireland, mentioned in this Act, to transfer at any time any Sum less than the Sum of One thousand Pounds of such Stock, Funds or Annuities, for the Purposes of this Act; any thing in this Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Scale upon which every such Transfer shall be made under the Authority of this Act, of an)r Sum or Sums from the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures transferable at the Bank of Ireland, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written into or consolidated with the said several before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, shall be as follows; that is to say, that every Person who shall so transfer any such Sum or Sums shall, for every One hundred Pounds in the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, so transfered, be entitled to the Sum of Eighty Pounds Sixteen Shillings in the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; and for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, transferable at the said Bank of Ireland, so transfered, every such Person shall be entitled to the Sum of Ninety two Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence in the said Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; and for every Sum of One hundred Pounds in the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures transferable at the Bank of Ireland, every such Person shall be entitled to the Sum of Ninety two Pounds Six Shillings and Sixpence in the said Navy Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities transferable at the Bank of England; and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum than One hundred Pounds of any such Stocks, Funds or Annuities, exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds, so transfered respectively.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person to make any Transfer, for the Purposes of this Act, of any such Irish Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures, or of any such Trish Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, at any time on or after the Twelfth Day of December next preceding the Fifth Day of January, nor on or after the Twelfth Day of June next preceding the Fifth Day of July in any Year, nor to make any Transfer for the Purposes of this Act of any such Irish Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities or Debentures, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, at any time on or after the Twelfth Day of March next preceding the Fifth Day of April, nor on or after the Twelfth Day of September

C. 73.

253

next preceding the Tenth Day of October in any Year; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to write into or consolidate any such Sum or Sums in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, relating to the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities transferable at the said Bank, at any time on or after the First Day of March next preceding the Fifth Day of April, nor on or after the First Day of September next preceding the Tenth Day of October, in any Year; nor to write in or consolidate any such Sum or Sums relating to the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, usually called The Navy Five per Cents, transferable at the said Bank of England, at any time on or after the First Day of December next preceding the Fifth Day of January, nor on or after the First Day of June next preceding the Fifth Day of July, in any Year; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons having or possessing any Stock in the several before mentioned Stocks, Funds or Annuities, transferable at the Bank of Ireland, to apply in Writing to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or to cause Application to be made to the said Governor and Company by some Person on his, her or their Behalf, and which Application shall be according to such Form as shall be established by the said Governor and Company, in concurrence with the Governor and Company of the Bank ef England, and shall be the same in all cases, for Permission to transfer or cause to be transferred such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures respectively* for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written in and consolidated with the several Stocks, Funds or Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, set forth in this Act, as the case may require, according to the Provisions of this Act; and thereupon, and upon such Person or Persons transferring or causing to be transferred such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures, so transferable at the Bank of Ireland, into the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of their cancelling and discharging the same from the National Debt in Ireland, it snail and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ireland, or for the Accountant General or Deputy Accountant of the said Governor and Company, or for the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the said Governor and Company for the time being, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, to grant a Certificate to the Person or Persons making such Transfer, or on whose Behalf such Transfer shall have been made, directed to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England; and which Certificate shall be also according to a Form which shall be established by the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, in concurrence with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall be the same in all cases; and such Certificate shall state that the Person or Persons therein mentioned has or have transferred or caused to be transferred the Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures therein described, to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, for the Purpose of having

No Sums to be written into the Books of the Bank after certain Days preceding the several Dividend Days.

Application may be made to the Bank of Ireland for Permission to make such Transfers to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, whereupon a Certificate shall be granted.

Form of such Certificate,

and what'it is to state.

corre-

254

C. 73.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Notice of Transfer to Commissioners.

Stock trans-

corresponding Sums written in the Name of such Person or Persons, and consolidated with such Stock, Funds or Annuities transferrable at the Bank of England, as the same are applicable to, describing the same, and stating the Amount in such British Stock, Funds or Annuities to which such Person or Persons shall be so entitled in respect of such Transfer, according to the Scale set forth in this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall cause Notice thereof to be given and transmitted to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at their Office in London, on the same Day on which such Transfer shall be made; and the said Commissioners shall, upon the Receipt thereof, transmit the said Notice to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately upon any ferred to Com- SUCH Transfer as aforesaid being made at the Bank of Ireland to

CM1" the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, the Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred to them shall be cancelled, and for ever discharged from the Amount of the National Debt in Ireland.

Books to be

IX. And be it further enacted, That in the Office of the Ac-

provided at countant General of the Governor and Company of the Bank of

lend for enterin ^rc^an^ for the time being, a Book or Books shall be provided such Transfers/ kept, in which shall be fairly entered the Names of all Persons making any such Transfer of any such Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt under the Provisions of this Act, to which Book or Books it shall and may be lawful for all Persons making any such Transfer, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from time to time and at all seasonable times, to resort and to inspect the same without any Fee or Charge; and the said Accountant General shall, on or before the Fifteenth Day of March, the Fifteenth Day of June, the Fifteenth Day of Sej>-tember, and the Fifteenth Day of December, in each and every Year, transmit a Certificate fairly written on Paper, of the total Amount of the several Stocks, Funds or Annuities so transferred, the annual Interest thereon, into the Office of the

uditor of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and also into the Office of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in London; and the Monies heretofore set apart at His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland\ for the Payment of the Interest of the Capitals of the said Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures so transferred, shall thenceforward cease and determine, and be no longer issued out of the Consolidated Fund in Ireland.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon the Production to them of any such Certificate or Certificates of the Governor or Deputy Governor of the Bank of Ireland, or of the Accountant General or Deputy Accountant, or of the Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the Governor and Company of the said Bank, so given for the Purposes of this Act, to write or cause to be written into the existing Stock* Books of the Bank of England relating to thq several Stocks,

Funds

Interest no longer issued out of Consolidated Fund in Ireland.

On Production of Certificates of Bank of Ireland, Bank of England to write the Sums into their Books to be consolidated with the several

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 73.

255

Funds or Annuities respectively, the Sums specified and con- specified in tained in every such Certificate, in the Name or Names of the wch Certifi-Party or Parties specified in every such Certificate; and all and catw> every such Sums and Sum shall be respectively added to and made one Joint Stock with the then existing Annuities of Four Pounds; per Centum per Annum, or Navy Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, respectively, transferable at the Bank of England, as the case shall require, and shall be payable and transferrable at the Bank of England at the same Time and in the same Manner as such existing Annuities of Four Pounds and Five Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively are payable and transferrable; and all such Sums so written into the said Books of the Bank of England shall be entitled to Interest or Dividend from the lost Dividend which became due immediately previous to the Transfer made under this Act of the several Irish Stocks, Furids, Annuities or Debentures, in respect of which such Sums were so written in, and up to which Day the Dividend or Interest on such several Irish Stocks, Funds, Annuities or Debentures, shall have been payable at the Bank of Ireland.

XI. And Whereas the Dividends on the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Consolidated Annuities, transferrable at the Bank or England, are payable on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in each Year, and the Dividends on the Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum Annuities and Debentures, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland,

and on the Four Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities,

transferrable at the said Bank of Ireland, are payable on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in each Year:

And Whereas the Dividends on the Navy Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of England, are payable on the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in each Year; and the Dividends on the Five Pounds per Centum per Annum Annuities, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, are payable on the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in each Year; and it will thereby happen,

that upon the Transfer of certain of the said Irish Stocks, Annuities or Debentures under this Act, for the Purpose of having corresponding Sums written into or consolidated with such English Stocks or Annuities, the Dividends whereon are payable at such different Periods, the Amount of the Dividend payable on the Dividend Day next after the making any Transfer under this Act, would, in certain cases, be Three Fourths of a 4 Year's Dividend, and, in certain other cases, would be only One Fourth of a Year's Dividend; and it is expedient that Provision should be made in such cases Be it therefore enacted, That Regulation as whenever any Stock, Funds, Annuities or Debentures, trans- to Payment of ferrable at the Bank of Ireland, shall be transferred for the Purposes of this Act, at any time in the Quarter of a Year iTl&

commencing from the Day on which the last preceding Dividend Funds to was payable on the corresponding British Stock or Annuities, British Funds into which such Irish Stock, Annuities or Debentures is to be taking place at transferred or written, and ending on the Day on which the next TOpn succeeding Dividend would have been payable on the Irish Stock, the

Annuities or Debentures so transferred, m case the same had not Time of Trans-

256

C. 73.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 18 81.

fer at the Bank of Ireland.

Bank of Ireland to certify to Exchequer Half Yearly, Amount of Payments and Receipts in respect of Trans-

been so transferred, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland\ and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to pay or cause to be paid to every Person or Persons who shall make or cause to be made any such Transfer of Irish Stock, Annuities or Debentures, for the Purposes aforesaid, a Sum of Money equal to One Fourth Part of One Year's Dividend for every One hundred Pounds of such Stock or Annuities which shall be transferred out of the Books of the said Bank of Ireland, for the Purposes aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and such Payment of such Sum shall be made in Ireland by the said Governor and Company, at the time when such Stock or Annuities shall be so transferred out of the Books of the said Bank of Ireland, and the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall pay to such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the Dividend becoming due on the corresponding Stock or Annuities written into the Books of the said Bank of England, on the Dividend Day next after such Transfer, the Amount of One Half Year's Dividend and no more, in like manner as on all other such Stock or Annuities standing in the Books of the said Governor and Company; and that whenever any Stock, Annuities or Debentures, transferrable at the Bank of Ireland, shall be transferred for the Purposes of this Act, at any time in the Quarter of a Year commencing firpm the Day on which the last preceding Dividend was payable on such Irish Stock, Annuities or Debentures, and ending on the Day on which the next succeeding Dividend will become payable on the corresponding British Stock or Annuities into which such Irish Stock, Annuities or Debentures is to be transferred or written, the Person or Persons who shall make or cause to be made any such Transfer shall pay to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the said Governor and Company, are hereby authorized and empowered to receive a Sum of Money equal to One Fourth Part of a Year's Dividend for every One hundred Pounds of such Stock, Annuities or Debentures so transferred out of the said Books of the Bank of Ireland, for the Purposes aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; and such Payment of the said Sum of Money shall be made to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland at the time when such Stock or Annuities shall be so transferred out of the Books of the said Bank of Ireland; and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall and they are hereby authorized and required to pay to such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to receive the Dividends becoming due on the corresponding Stock or Annuities written into the Books of the said Bank of England, on the Dividend Day next after such Transfer, the Amount of One Half Year's Dividend, in like manner as on all other such Stock or Annuities standing in the Books of the said Governor and Company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland shall, upon making up their Books preparatory to the Payment of each and every Half Yearly Interest or Dividend, certify to the Auditor General of His Majesty's Exchequer in Ireland, and the Loan Clerk there, the Amount of all Sums of Money paid and received by the said Governor and Company to and from all Persons having made 5 Transfers

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 73.

257

Transfers of any Stock, Funds or Annuities or Debentures under fer mfM)e as

this Act, at such Periods when the Amount of One Quarter's herein m n-

Dividend is by this Act required to be paid or received by the tioned, may

said Governor and Company to or from such Persons; and in case jj^atwedwc to

the whole Amount so paid by the said Governor and Company jJ1

shall at any time exceed the whole Amount so received by them, i*tUGd accord-

and the said Governor and Company shall make Application for ingly.

the Payment or Issue of the Balance due to them in respect of

such Payments and Receipts, or for the Payment or Issue of any

Sum of Money on account of such Balance, such Loan Clerk

shall 'certify to the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or

Governors of Ireland, by his Signature, such Application for such

Balance or Sum of Money, provided such Demand from the said

Governor and Company shall be correct; and thereupon it shall Warrant from

and may be lawful for the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Gover- Lord J.ieuten-

nor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, and he or they is a, u thereupon.

+and are hereby authorized and required, to grant his or their Warrant, to issue out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Ireland a sufficient Sum of Money for paying to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland the Amount of such Balance, or of such Sum so applied for; any Act or Acts in force in Ireland, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Bank of Eng-

Company of the Bank of England shall, upon making up their land to certify Books preparatory to the Payment of each and every Half Yearly to Treasury and Interest or Dividend, certify to the Commissioners of His Ma q

jesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and cquer Ireland, and to the Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, the Amount of all Stocks, Funds Amount of and Annuities which shall have been written into the Books of .Slock written the said Governor and Company, pursuant to this Act, in the

Course of the preceding Half Year, and for which Interest or Yld^Yeor.

+Dividend shall be and become payable pursuant to this Act; and upon the Receipt of such Certificate, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, to direct the said Auditor of the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain to issue out of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund arising in Great Britain such Sum of Money as shall be sufficient for paying to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England the Amount of all such Interest Interest issued

or Dividend as shall so appear to be payable, according to the out of Comoli-

usual Course of the Receipt of the Exchequer in Great Britain; dated Fund

any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain, or any Law, Usage anslD8in

or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in cafe Duplicates may of the Loss or Destruction of any Certificate of the Governor or be granted of Deputy Governor, Accountant General or Deputy Accountant, Certificates lost Secretary or Deputy Secretary of the Bank of Ireland, given for destroyed, the -Purposes ol this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Governor or Deputy Governor of the said Bank, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, upon Proof of such Loss or Destruction to their Satisfaction, to grant a Duplicate of such Certificate, and.such Duplicate shall be* full.and: sufficient Au-

1 & 2 Geo. IV. S

thorit

gle

258

C. 7 3.

1 & 2 GEO IV.

A.D. 1821.

Security to be given against the Production of a Claim upon the Original.

If original afterwards produced it may be detained by the Bank of England, &c.

Counterfeiting or altering, &c. Certificates, &c.

Felony.

Taking Fees for

receiving any Certificates, &e.

Penalty 20l.

thority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Purposes of this Act, and shall stand in the Place and Stead of the original Certificate, if such original Certificate shall not have been previously found and produced to and acted upon by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England: Provided always, that upon any Loss or Destruction, or alleged Loss or Destruction of any such original Certificate, and on the Production of any such Duplicate Certificate, the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to demand and take from the Party or Parties tendering any such Duplicate, full and sufficient Security to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to indemnify the said Governor and Company against the Production of, or any Claim which shall be made under or by virtue of any such original Certificate so lost or destroyed, or alleged to have been lost or destroyed; and if at any time after a Duplicate Certificate shall have been produced and acted upon undef this Act, the Original of such Certificate shall be tendered to th6 said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company, and they are hereby authorized and required to detain such original Certificate, and to cancel the same, and to transmit the same so cancelled to the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to deliver up such Security as shall have been entered into touching the said original Certificate to the Party or Parties entering into such Security, or such of them as shall require the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, that if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, or shall willingly act or assist in the forging or counterfeiting, any such Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, or shall alter any Number, Figure or Word therein, or shall alter or publish as true any such false, forged, counterfeited or altered Certificate, with Intent to defraud the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, or the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or any Body Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever; every such Person or Persons so forging or counterfeiting, or causing or procuring to be forced or counterfeited, or willingly acting or assisting in the forging or counterfeiting, or altering, uttering or publishing as aforesaid, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, shall be demanded or taken of any of His Majesty's Subjects for receiving any such Certificate or Duplicate Certificate, of for paying the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Transfer of any Sum, great or small, to be made in pursuance of this Act, upon Pain that any Officer or Person offending, by taking or demanding any such Fee or Reward or Gratuity, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds to the Party aggrieved, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin respectively, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, In *

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 73, 74. 259

junction or Order of Restraint, nor any more than One Imparlance, shall be granted or'allowed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be in Continuance of force for the Term of Three Tears, from the Fifth Day of July Act.

One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and no longer.

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprests, and to make other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS the Regulations contained and provided in and

by a certain Act, made and passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, repealed.

[57 G. 3. C. lfi.]

intituled An Act for regulating Payments to the Treasurer of the Navy under the Heads of Old Stores and Imprests, have been

found by Experience to be productive of much Inconvenience

to the Public Service, by reason that all Monies payable on

Account of Old Naval Stores must, in conformity with the said Regulations, be paid to the Cashier of the Bank of England,

notwithstanding it may frequently happen*at the Out Ports where Sales of old Stores take place, and the Purchase Money for the same is paid, that Monies are then wanted for immediate

Public Services at those Ports, to answer which Services other Monies must necessarily be remitted from the Navy Pay Office in London, whereby much unnecessary Expence and Risk are occasioned to the Public; and it is therefore expedient that other Provisions should be made in lieu thereof:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Act so passed in the Fifty seventh Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, and all and every the Clauses, Regulations and Provisions therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby wholly repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Xreasurer of this Act, the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, and his Cashiers Navy author, or other Persons deputed by him, shall be, and they are hereby to receive respectively authorized to receive all Sums of Money that shall Money* or may be tendered to them on account of the Naval and Victualling Service, save and except such Sums as shall be issued from His Majesty's Exchequer, or paid by other Public Departments not being Naval Departments.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Money re-Monies as shall be received at the Navy Pay Office in London un- ceived at the der the Authority of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby ^ary p*y required to be paid into the Bank of England on Two Days in each Week, to be appointed for the Payment of such Monies into )mk.n  the Bank, and that the same shall, when so paid in, be placed by the Cashiers of the Bank to the Account of the Treasurer of His

260

C. 74.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Commissioners of Nary and Victualling to empower Clerks of Cheque, &c. to apply Money received for Old Stores, &c.

Commissioners of Navy resident at Dock Yards, yearly to take Account of Public Monies in Hands of Clerk to Treasurer, and to certify to Commissioners of Navy in London, who shall take an &c. count of Monies issued, &c.

Certificates of Balances to be sent to Auditors of Public Accounts.

Majesty's Navy, under and subject to the like Regulations and Restrictions as Monies issued^ from the Exchequer for the Service of the Navy are by Law now subject.to.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling respectively, to authorize and empower the Clerks of the Cheque and other Officers under their respective Controul, at the several Dock Yards and Victualling Yards and Stores, instead of remitting to the Bank of England as heretofore, pursuant to the said Act of the Fifty seventh Year of His late Majesty, the Sums of Money respectively received bytfiem on account of old Stores, or on any other Public Service, to apply and dispose of, for the Public Use, all such Public Monies as are now in or may hereafter come to their Hands, in and towards the carrying on the Services of their respective Departments, under such Regulations, Orders and Directions as the said Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling shall respectively make and direct concerning the same; which Monies shall be charged against such Clerks of the Cheque and other Officers respectively by Imprest Bills assigned upon the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy.

V. And be it further enacted, That on the First Day of January, or (that Day being Sunday) on the following Day in every Year, the Commissioner of His Majesty's Navy resident at each of the Dock Yards or Out Ports at which there is a Clerk to the Treasurer of the Navy, shall and he is hereby required to inspect and take an Account of the Public Monies which shall remain in the Hands or Charge of such Clerk at the Close of the preceding Year, and shall certify the Amount thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy in London; and the Commissioner of the Navy in London, whose Duty it may be to controul the Payment of Seamen's Wages there, shall also and is hereby required, at the like Period, to inspect and take an Account of the Public Monies which have been issued to and shall actually remain chargeable to the several Cashiers for the Payment of Seamen's Wages, and of Allotments, and of Navy Bills, and of Victualling Bills respectively, and shall certify the Amount thereof to the Commissioners of the Navy, as far as respects the Balances due to them of account of the Navy Office, and to the Commissioners of Victualling, as far as respects the Balance due to them on account of the Victualling Office, in order to ascertain the Correctness of the said Balances by comparing them with the Certificates or Monthly Accounts for the current Month of January made up at the Navy Pay Office, and transmitted to the Navy and Victualling Offices respectively for Examination; and the said Commissioners respectively shall, within Three Months from the Commencement of each Year, make out and transmit Certificates of the Amount of the said Balances to the Auditors of Public Accounts, that it may be seen whether the same, together with the Balance in the Account of the Treasurer of the Navy at the Bank, shall correspond with the whole Balance charged to the said Trea-asurer at the Close of the Account of the preceding Year.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 75.

261

CAP. LXXV.

An act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of 49 G. 3. c. 122.

His late Majesty Kina George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and Depredations on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage

in England, under an Act made in the Twelfth Year of Queen Anne; which Act was to continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His late 53 G. s. c. 87.

Majesty King George the Third, the said above recited Act (except so far as the same was altered and extended) was further continued in force for Seven Years from the passing of the said Act, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And Whereas it is fit and expedient that the said above recited Acts should be further continued, except

so far as the same are altered by this Act:' Be it therefore

enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Pilots, Boatmen, Hovellers or other Pilots and Persons, who shall take up any Anchors, Cables, Tackle, Apparel, others taking up Furniture, Stores or Materials, or any Goods or Merchandize c!?*"

which may have been parted with, cut from or left by any Ship Materials, tore-or Vessel within any Harbours, Rivers or Bays, or on any of the port to Deputy Coasts of this Kingdom, whether the same Ship or Vessel shall be Vice Admiral, or shall have been in Distress or otherwise, and which shall have and deliver the been weighed, swept for or taken Possession of by any such Boat-

man, Pilot, Hoveller or other Person, shall send a Report in Writing b/appointed of the Articles so found, and stating the Marks, it any, thereon, by this Act. and also an accurate and particular Description of the Bearings,

Distances and Situations, and Time when and where the same were so found, to a Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, at or .near to the Port or Place where such Boatman, Pilot, Hoveller or other Person shall first arrive with such Articles, within Forty eight hours after his or their Arrival at such Port or Place, or before he or they shall leave the Port, if he or they shall quit it before that Time shall expire; and shall also, within such Period, -

as aforesaid, deliver such Articles so found into a proper Warehouse or such other Place as the Vice Admiral of each County shall appoint for safe Custody, until the same shall be claimed '

by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her or their Agent, or Agents, and the Salvage, together with such other Charges and Salvage. Expences as are hereinafter directed to be paid in respect of such Articles, paid by him or them, or security given for the Payment

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Concealing such Articles Forfeiture of Salvage, and Punishment.

Deputy Vice Admiral to send Report to Trinity House.

No Report sent until Articles amount to 20l.

Deputy Vice Admiral may seise Goods not reported and deposited, and make Report thereof to Trinity House.

[Penalty.]

In what case One Third of Value of Goods to Deputy Vice Admiral.

C. 75.

ment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Salvor or Salvors thereof; and every such Pilot, Boatman, Hoveller or other Person, who shall wilfully and fraudulently keep PQSsession of, or retain or conceal, or secrete any Anchors or Cables, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores or Materials, or any Goods or Merchandize, or deface, take out or obliterate the Marks and Numbers thereon, or alter the same in any manner, with Intent thereby directly or indirectly to prevent the Discovery and Identification of such Articles so found, weighed, swept for or taken Possession of as aforesaid, and shall not report and deliver the same at some proper Warehouse or other Place in the manner aforesaid, and within the Time hereinbefore limited, shall forfeit all Claim to Salvage, and shall, on Conviction, be adjudged and deemed guilty of receiving Goods knowing them to have been stolen, and shall suffer the like Punishment as if the same had been stolen on Shore.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, to whom any such Report shall be sent, shall within Two Days forward the same, or a true Copy thereof, to the Secretary of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond in London, and the same shall be placed by the said Secretary in some conspicuous Situation, for the Inspection of all Persons choosing to inspect and examine the same: Provided always, that no Report shall be forwarded by such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, until the Articles so to be deposited as aforesaid, for and in respect of which a Report is required to be made as hereinbefore is directed, shall amount in Value to the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent to seize and detain any such Articles as shall not have been reported in the manner hereinbefore directed; and upon such Seizure such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent shall deposit the same in the Warehouse or other Place to be appointed as aforesaid, and shall within Two Days thereafter send a Report in Writing of the Articles as seized, and stating the Marks (if any) thereon, to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as before directed, to be made public as aforesaid; and every such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, so seizing, who shall not make such Report as aforesaid within Two Days after Seizure as aforesaid, shall, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party offending, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such Neglect, together with Double the Value of the Goods so seized, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township where such Offence shall be committed; and every Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, who shall make any such Seizure, without any previous Information being given to such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, shall, on the same Articles being claimed by and delivered to the Owner thereof, or his or her Agent, be entitled to receive such Sum of Money as shall be equal to One Third Part of the Value thereof, after the Payment of the Duties, and any Charges incidental to the Recovery and Preservation of the same.

C. 7S.

265

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner and Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent so seizing cannot agree on the Value of the Articles, such Value shall be ascertained in like manner as is hereinafter directed with regard to Salvage, or be referred to the Decision of the High Court of Admiralty.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any such Seizure shall have been made in consequence of any Information given to any such Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, the Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent so seizing shall only be entitled to receive from the Owners or their Agents of the Articles One Sixth Part of the Value thereof, and one other One Sixth of such Value shall be paid to the Person who shall have given the Information, the Value of such Articles to be ascertained in manner aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Articles, so reported and delivered into the Warehouse or other Place as aforesaid, shall not be claimed within a Year and a Day after such Report shall have been transmitted to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, as before mentioned, the same shall be sold, and a Certificate of such Sale shall be delivered to the Purchaser thereof, under the Directions of the High Court of Admiralty, and the Monies arising from the Sale thereof be applied in the manner directed in and by an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for preserving all such Ships and Goods thereof which shall happen to be found on Shore, or stranded on the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions; and if the same shall have been seized by the Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent as aforesaid, then the Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent so seizing, and the Person who shall have given such Information as shall have led to the Seizure (if any such Information shall have been given) , shall be equally entitled to the Salvage which shall be allowed by the High Court of Admiralty to the Salvors in the case of unclaimed Property

VII. And be it further enacted, That if the Salvors of any such Articles, or any Goods so found, weighed, swept for or taken Possession of as aforesaid, and so lodged and reported as aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, cannot agree respecting the Amount of Salvage to be paid for or in respect of the same, or the Value thereof, as the case may be, then the Matter in Difference shall be determined by any Three Justices of the Peace residing near to the Place where such Articles or Goods shall be deposited, f shall begin to proceed in their Inquiry, as to such Matters in Dispute, within Forty eight Hours after such Difference shall be referred to them for their Determination thereof; and if they cannot agree respecting the same, then it shall be lawful for them to nominate any Third Person conversant in Maritime Affairs, at their Option, who shall ascertain the Amount of the Salvage to be paid, or the Value thereof, as the case may be, within Forty eight Hours after he shall have been so nominated as aforesaid; and the said Justices, and such Third Person so nominated as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, whenever they see Occasion, to examine the Parties, or their Witnesses, upon Oath, which Oath they are hereby authorized to administer.

Mode of ascertaining Value of Articles seised.

If Deputy Vice Admiral seise by previous Information, he and Informer to divide 2-6th Parts.

Articles not claimed within a limited Time, sold according to 12 Ann. stat 2. c. 18.

In what case Deputy Vice Admiral seising, and Informer, equally entitled to Salvage.

If Owners and Salvors cannot agree respecting Salvage, Three Justices to determine.

t Sic.

Tf Justices cannot agree, they shall nominate a Third Person, conversant in Maritime Affairs, who shall determine.

2G *

Justices may in like manner determine upon Remuneration to be made for Services rendered to Ships in Distress or otherwise.

Appeal to Court of Admiralty.

Persons entitled to Salvage dis-satisfied may appeal to High Court of Admiralty; but Goods to be restored to Owners on giving Bail.

Bail to be taken by a Commissioner in Prize Cases, ir there is one in the Place, otherwise by a Justice.

C. 75. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 182U

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shali also be lawful for the said Justices to decide, in the like Manner, and within the same Time as is hereinbefore directed with regard to Salvage, on all Claims and Demands whatsoever, which shall or may he made by Pilots, Boatmen and other Persons, for Service of any Description (except Pilotage) to be rendered by them to any Ship or Vessel, as well for carrying off from the Shore to such Ship or Vessel any Anchors, Cables or other Stores from any Port or Ports of the Coast of England and Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed, or for the saving and preserving any Goods or Merchandize which may have been wrecked, stranded or cast away from any Ship or Vessel, or for being instrumental in saving the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel, the Master, Ownej or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, being nresent with such Justices; and that the said Justices shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine on all cases whatever, of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen and others, to Ships or Vessels (except Pilotage) , whether such Ships or Vessels shall at the Time be in Distress or not, and that they shall have the like Power of examining the Parties or their Witnesses upon Oath, as last hereinbefore directed; and the Decision of such Justices shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, save and except in such cases in which an Appeal shall be interposed by either Party to the High Court of Admiralty, such Appeal to be interposed within Thirty Days after the Award of the Justices or such Person so appointed as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party or Parties so claiming to be entitled to Salvage, or the Party or Parties who is or are to pay the same, or their Agents, shall be dis-satisfied with such Award and Decision of the Justices, or of the Person so to be nominated by them as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for either of them respectively, within Ten Days after such Award is made, but not afterwards, to declare to the Justices, or such other Person to he nominated by them as aforesaid, his, her or their Desire of obtaining the Judgment of the High Court of Admiralty respecting the said Salvage, and thereupon he, she or they shall proceed, by taking out a Monition within Thirty Days from the Date of the said Award; but in such case the said Justices are hereby required and empowered to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors or their Agents any such Anchor or Cable, Goods or other Articles, respecting which any Claim for Salvage shall be made upon the Owners or Proprietors thereof, his, her or their Agent, giving good and sufficient Bail in the Amount of the Sum awarded for Salvage or Compensation, and which Bail shall be taken by a Commissioner for taking Examinations in Prize Cases, if there shall he One in the Port or Place where such Difference shall arise; hut if there shall be no such Commissioner there, then the said Justices, to whom such Difference shall have been referred, or either of them, or any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, are and is hereby authorized to take the same; and the Commissioner or Justice who shall take such Bail, shall certify the same according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and transmit the same without Delay to the High Court of Admiralty, together with a true Certificate m Writing, of

the

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 75 *

266

Evidence.

Person* named by Justices to decide on the Amount of Salvage, Scc. may demand from the Owner 21. 2a.

Cutting away or defacing Buoy Ropes, Sec. Felony.

(he gross Value of the whole of the Articles respecting which Sal- Certificates vage shall be claimed, and also a Copy of such Proceedings and Value and Awards, on unstamped Paper, certified under the Hand of such Proceedings. Commissioner or Justice taking the Bail as aforesaid; and the same shall be admitted by such Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the Cause.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Person so to be named by the said Justices as aforesaid, who shall decide on the Amount of Salvage to be paid, or on the Value of the Articles, or on the Remuneration to be made to Persons rendering Assistance to Ships or Vessels, or Persons as aforesaid, to demand and receive of and from the Owner or Owners of the Articles saved, or of the Ships or Vessels in behalf of which the Services may have been rendered, or his, her or their Agents or Agent, a Sum of Money not exceeding Two Pounds Two Shillings, and such Owner or Owners, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, shall and is and are hereby required to pay to the Person so to be nominated by the said Justices nominated as aforesaid, such Fee or Reward, immediately after he snail have made his Award or Decision, and on Delivery of the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully cut away, cast adrift, remove, alter, deface, sink or destroy, or shall do or commit any Act with Intent and Design to cut away, cast adrift, remove, alter, deface, sink or destroy, or in any other way injure or conceal, any Buoy, Buoy Rope or Mark belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or which may be attached to any Anchor or Cable, belonging to any Ship or Vessel whatever, whether in Distress or otherwise, such Person or Persons so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment to be imprisoned for any Number of Years, at the Discretion of the Court in which the Conviction shall be made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall knowingly and wilfully, and with Intent to defraud and injure the true Owner or Owners thereof, or any Person interested therein as aforesaid, purchase or receive any Anchors, Cables or Goods or Merchandize which may have been taken up, weighed, swept for or taken Possession of, whether the same shall have belonged to any ship or Vessel in Distress or otherwise, or whether the same shall have been preserved from any Wreck, if the Directions hereinbefore contained with regard to such Articles shall not have been previously domplied with, such Person or Persons shall, on Conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of receiving stolen Goods, knowing the same to be stolen, as if the same had been stolen on Shore, and suffer the like Punishment as for a Misdemeanor at the Common Law, or be liable to be transported for Seven Years, at the Discretion of the Court before which he, she or they shall be tried.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master, Mate or Crew of any Ship or Vessel bound to Parts beyond the Seas, shall find and take on board of such Ship or Vessel, any Anchor,

Cable or any Goods or Merchandize, Or shall receive any Anchor,

Cable

Persons fraudulently purchasing or receiving Anchors. Cables, Stc. considered Receivers of stolen Goods.

Masters of Ships bound to Parts beyond the Seas, finding or taking

C. 75.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

on board Anchors and other Articles, to moke Entry in the Log Book, and report to Trinity House, and on their ArriTal in England deliver the Articles to a Deputy Vice Admiral.

If not claimed, to be sold.

Master making Default, Forfeture of Salvage and Penalty.

Application of Penalty.

20G.2. c.S8.

Fees to be paid for Reports.

Cable or any Goods or Merchandize on board of such Ship or Vessel, from any other Person or Persons who may have found the same, knowing the same to have been so found, the Master, Mate or other Person having the Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall make a true Entry in the Log Book of such Ship, of the Description of the Articles so found or taken on board as aforesaid, stating the Marks (if any) thereon, and the Bearings and Distances, and other minute Description, and the Time when and where the same were found and taken on board; and also shall, at the first possible Opportunity, transmit a Report in Writing, containing a true Copy of such Entry in the Log Book of the said Ship or Vessel, to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Stroud, and on the Return of such Vessel to any Port in England or Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, he shall deliver the same Articles into the Possession of a Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, in or nearest to such Port at which he shall first arrive, and within Twenty four Hours after his Arrival, with the like Report as is hereinbefore directed; and such Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent is hereby required to transmit such Report to the said Corporation of the Trinity House at Deptford Strond, to be placed by the said Corporation for inspection in like manner as aforesaid; and if the same shall not be claimed by the Owner or Owners thereof, or his, her or their Agent, within a Year and a Day after such Report shall be transmitted, the same shall be sold and disposed or according to Law with regard to unclaimed Property; and in default thereof, or if the Master of such Ship or Vessel shall sell or dispose of such Anchor, Cable, Goods or Merchandize to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or shall not, upon his first Return to any Port within England and Wales or Berwick upon Tweed, report and deliver the same according to the Provisions of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit all Claim to Salvage, and on being thereof lawfully convicted before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, on the Oath of One credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the President and Governors, for the Relief and Support of such maimed and disabled Seamen, and of the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain or drowned in the Merchants' Service, under an Act of Parliament made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the Relief and Support of maimed and disabled Seamen, and the Widows and Children of such as shall be killed, slain or drowned in the Merchants' Service; and shall also forfeit and pay double the Value of such Articles to the Owners or Owner thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the' Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, who shall make the Report required by this Act to the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond as aforesaid, to receive of and from the Owner or Owners of the Articles in respect of which the Report shall be made, or if the same are not claimed, then out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Report; and that it shall also be lawful

for

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

c. it.

261

for the Secretary or other proper Officer of the said Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, to receive in like manner as last mentioned, the Sum of One Pound One Shilling for each Report so to be received by the said Corporation, to be made public by them as aforesaid, which last mentioned Sum shall be paid to the said Deputy Vice Admiral or his Agent, before the Delivery of the Goods, and accounted for by him to the Trinity House.

XV. And Whereas Pilots, Hovellers, Boatmen and other Persons in small Vessels have for many Years conveyed Anchors and Cables which may have been weighed, swept for or taken Possession of by them as aforesaid, or which they may have purchased of other Persons, knowing them to have been weighed, swept for or taken Possession of, without being reported as aforesaid, to Foreign Countries, and there sold and disposed of, to the manifest Injury and Loss of the Owners thereof; for remedying whereof be it further enacted, That every Pilot, Hoveller, Boatman or the Master of any such Vessel, who shall convey any such Anchor or Cable to any Foreign Port, Harbour, Creek or Bay, and there sell and dispose of the same, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for any Term not exceeding Seven Years.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall trade or deal in buying and selling Anchors, Cables, Sails or old Junk, old Iron or Marine Stores of any Kind or Description, shall have their Names, with the Words " Dealer in Marine Stores," painted distinctly in Letters of not less than Six Inches in Length, upon the Front of all their Storehouses, Warehouses and other Deposits for such Goods; and in default of their so doing, they shall, on Conviction before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Magistrate or Magistrates of any Jurisdiction where such Storehouse, Warehouse and Depdt shall be, upon the Oath of One credible Witness, or on Confession of the Party offending, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township where such Offence shall be committed; and that it shall not be lawful for such Dealers or Traders to cut up any Cable, or any part of a Cable, exceeding Five Fathoms in Length; or uncant, untwine or unlay the same into Junk or Paper Stun on any Pretence whatsoever, without first obtaining a Permit from some Justice of the Peace or Magistrate residing near to the Residence of such Dealer, which Permit shall not be granted, unless an Affidavit shall have been made that the Cable so intended to be cut up had been bona fide purchased, and without Fraud, by the Party so intending to cut up the same, and without any Knowledge or Suspicion on his or her Part, that the same had been or were dishonestly come by; and in which Affidavit shall also be specified the particular Quality and Description of such Cable; and the Name or Names of the Seller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit shall be recited and set forth at Length in the Permit thereupon granted, on pain of forfeiting for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; and for every Second or further Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Twenty

Pounds,

Selling or disposing of Anchors or Cables weighed for, &c. in Foreign Countries. Felony.

Dealers in Marine Stores not having their Names painted on their Store* houses.

[Penalty.]

Cutting up Cable without Permit from Magistrate;

to be granted on Affidavit stating as herein mentioned;

Penalty,

First Offence. Further Offence.

e

266

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Dealers to keep Account of old Stores bought by them;

to advertise before cutting up of Cordage.

Persons herein described may demand Inspection of Books.

Refusing Inspection, neglecting to keep Books, or to publish Advertisements.

Penalty,

First Offence. Further Offence.

Recovery of . Penalties.

C. 75.

Pounds, to be recovered before any Justice of the Peace; and One Half thereof to go to the Informer, and the other Half to, the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall have been committed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That for the more effectual Prevention of such Frauds, all Dealers in such Marine Stores as aforesaid, shall keep a Book or Books, fairly written, in which Entries shall be from time to time regularly made, of all such old Marine Stores as shall be by them from time to time bought, containing a true Account and Description of the Times when the same were so respectively bought by them, and of the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Sellers thereof; and before any Person who shall obtain such Permit for the cutting up of any such Cable (as hereinbefore required to be obtained) , shall proceed to cut up the same by virtue thereof, there shall be published, by the Space of One Week at least before the cutting up the same, One or more Advertisement or Advertisements in some public Newspaper printed nearest to the Storehouse, Warehouse or Depot where the Articles shall be deposited, notifying that such Party had obtained such Permit for the Purpose of cutting up such Cable, and of such Kind and Quality as therein described, and also specifying the Place where such Articles shall be de-

?osited; whereupon it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Arsons who may have just Cause to suspect that such Articles are the Property of such Person or Persons, and shall have verified upon Oath the Fact of such his or their Suspicion before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate residing near to the said Storehouse, Warehouse or Dep6t, by Warrant for that Purpose thereupon granted, to require of and from such Dealer, who shall have so advertised, and shall be so sworn to be suspected as aforesaid, the Production and Examination of the Book or Books of Entries hereby required by him or her to be kept, and inspect and examine the Cables described in such Permit; and in case any such Dealer, when so thereunto required as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to produce to the Person named in such Warrant, as the Person on whose Oath the same shall have .been obtained, the Book or Books containing the Entries of such Dealer so required to be made therein as aforesaid, or shall neglect to keep any such Book or Books in which Entries, containing Accounts of the several Particulars hereinbefore required to be entered, shall be made, or to permit such Inspection or Examination as aforesaid, or shall, after obtaining such Permit for the cutting up of any such Cable, and before the cutting up of the same, neglect to publish such One or more Advertisement or Advertisements relative thereto, as is hereinbefore directed and required, the Dealer or Dealers so offending in all or any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, being his, her or their First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds; and for every Second or further Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, One Half of which Penalty shall, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, or Magistrate residing near as aforesaid, be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township in which such Offences shall be committed; and in case any. Qf the Penalties by this Act .imposed

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 75.

269

posed shall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Conviction, immediately upon such Conviction, the same shall and may be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, upon the Goods and Chattels of any such Offender or 'Offenders; and in case no sufficient Distress shall be found, then every such Offender or Offenders shall and may be committed by any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate as aforesaid to Gaol, in case of any First Offence, for the Space of Six Calendar Months, and in case of any Second or further Offence, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty and the Charges shall be sooner paid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Manufacturers of Anchors and Kedge Anchors shall place his, her or their Name or Names, together with a progressive Number, and also the Weight of the Anchor, in legible Characters upon the Crown, and also upon the Shank under the Stock of each Anchor, which he, she or they shall manufacture; and shall also place his, her or their Name or Names, together with a Number, and also the Weight of the Kedge Anchor upon the Crown, and also upon the Shank near to the Stock of every Kedge Anchor, which he, she or they shall manufacture; and in case any such Manufacturer shall neglect to place such Name, dumber or Weight in the manner hereinbefore directed and required, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, on Conviction before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, on the Oath of One Credible Witness, or on the Confession of the Party so offending, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Township in which such Offence shall be committed.

XIX. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to *be drawn up according to the following Form; videlicet,

BE lt remem^ere^ That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before

me [or, us]

One [or, Two, as the case may be,] of His Majesty's

Justices of the Peace for the

[here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place token and where committed, as the case may be,] contrary to an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled 4 [here insert the Title of this Act]. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals,] the Day and Year first above written. '

And no Certiorari or other Writ or Process for the Removal of any such Conviction or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be allowed or granted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons so convicted by any justice or

Justices

viUUV 1

Manufacturers of And tors to place Name and Marks on Anchors and Kedge Anchors.

[Penalty.]

Form of Conviction.

Appeal from Conviction to

e

270

General Quarter Sessions.

Notice.

Proof of Notice.

Final.

No Certiorari, &c.

Inhabitants may be competent Witnesses.

Offences tried in County where Articles found, or if sold in Foreign Parts, where Offenders reside. '

Proviso for 48G.S. c. 130.

and for 48 G. 3. c. 104.

G. 75. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Justices of the Peace before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, within Three Calendar Months next after such Conviction, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions holden for the County, City or Place where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Ten Days' Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices at the General Quarter Sessions shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to then* shall seem just and reasonable, and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceeding to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses, for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such Offence or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township or Place or otherwise, for the Benefit or Use or in Aid or in Exoneration of such Parish, Township or Place.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Felonies, Misdemeanours and other Offences under this Act, shall and may be laid to be committed, and shall be tried in any City or County (being a County) where any such Article, Matter or Thing, in relation to which such Offence shall have been committed, shall have been found in the Possession of the Person committing the Offence; or if the same shall have been sold in foreign Parts, then in the County or Place in which the Person selling the same shall reside.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to or be in force within the Limits specified and directed in an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her fate Majesty Queen Anne, or in any manner to affect any of the Provisions of the said Act, but the said recited Act shall remain in full force within the Limits therein specified, as if this Act had not been passed: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal, take away or alter any of the Clauses, Powers or Provisions contained in an

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 75. 271

Act of Parliament made in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas; but that the said Act shall remain in mil force as if this Act had not been passed.

XXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared, That Pro?i*o for this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, prejudicing or impeaching, in any manner whatever, the Jurisdiction of the High

Court of Admiralty of England, or the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Dunxoich, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Southampton, in the County of Hants, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Southxuold, in the County of Suffolk, or of the Admiralty Court of the Borough of Lynn Regis, in the County of No folk; but that it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts respectively, and the Judge or Judges thereof for the time being, to have, use, exercise and enjoy Jurisdiction over all such Matters, Rights and Offences as they have heretofore had, used, exercised and enjoyed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That neither Proviso for

this Act nor any thing* herein contained shall any ways extend, or Rights of the be construed to extend, to deprive or in any ways prejudice the ai?d

Rights of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors or any claiming

under them or any of them, or any Patentee or Grantee of the Manors. Crown, or any Lord or Lords, or Lady or Ladies, of any Manor or Manors whatsoever; but that such respective Rights shall be enjoyed in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, in every respect, as if this Act had never been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Lord or Lady of any Lords of Manor, or other Person who may be entitled to or claim to be Manors n<* entitled to Wreck of the Sea or to any Goods found jetsam, flot-

sam or lagan, shall be entitled to appropriate such Wreck or Report Goods to his, her or their own Use, or otherwise to dispose thereof, made to the until he, she or they shall have caused a Report thereof in Writ- Deputy Vice ing to be given to the Deputy Vice Admiral of that Part of the of the

Coast where the same shall have been stranded, wrecked or found, Cotst> &c* or to his Agent; or if there shall be no such Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent residing within the Distance of Fifty Miles, then to the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond; which Report shall contain an accurate and particular Description of the Wreck or Goods found, and of the Place or Places and time or times where and when the same may have been found, and of any Marks that may be thereon, and of such other Particulars as may the better enable the Owner or Owners thereof to recover the same, and also of the Place or Places where the same are deposited and may be found and examined by any Person claiming any Right to such Wreck or Goods, nor until the full Expiration of a Year and a Day after the Delivery of such Notice, any thing

Deputy Vice Admiral to transmit a Copy of Report to Secretary of Trinity House. Penalty 50l, Proviso for 52 G. 3. c. 159.

Perishable Goods may be sold with Consent of a Justice.

c. 76. post.

Money to be deposited in the Hands of Lord of Manor, &c.

Account of Sale transmitted to Deputy Vice Admiral, who is to forward Reports to Secretary of Trinity House.

C. 75. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

in any Law to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Deputy Vice Admiral or Agent aforesaid shall, within Forty eight Hours after receiving such Report as aforesaid, transmit a Copy thereof to the Secretary of the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, upon pain of forfeiting for any Neglect to transmit such Account as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who will sue for the same; and the said Secretary shall cause such Account to be placed in some conspicuous Situation, for the Inspection of all Persons claiming to inspect and examine the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in any manner to affect any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the 'Fifty second Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for charging Foreign Liquors and Tobacco, derelict, jetsam, fotsam, lagan or twreck, brought or coming into Great Britain, with the Duties payable on Importation of such Liquors and Tobacco.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when any Goods which shall be found or taken Possession of by any Lord or Lady of any Manor, or Person entitled or claiming to be entitled to Wreck of the Sea, or to Goods found flotsam, jetsam or lagan, or his or her Agent or Servant, or by any Vice Admiral, or his Deputy or Agent, or by any Officer or other Person whatsoever acting by or under the Authority of this Act, or of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, shall be of so perishable a Nature, or so much injured or damaged, that the same cannot he kept, then and in every such case such Goods shall and may, at the Request of any of the Persons interested or concerned therein, or in the saving and preserving thereof, by and with the Consent and Approbation of some Justice of the Peace, not interested or concerned in the same, or in the saving or preserving thereof, and in the Presence of such Justice, or of some Person for that Purpose specially appointed by such Justice, be sold by public Auction or private Contract, as such Justice may direct by some Writing under his Hand, which Writing shall contain an accurate and particular Account of the Goods, and of the Marks that may be thereon, or other Particulars belonging thereto, and of the Times and Places of the finding and intended Sale thereof; and the Money raised by such Sale, after defraying the reasonable Expences of the Sale, to be settled and allowed by such Justice, shall be deposited and remain in the Hands of the Lord or Lady of the Manor, or other Person, or Deputy Vice Admiral, who would have received the Custody of the Goods so sold, to abide and be subject and liable to the Claims of all Persons, in like manner as the Goods themselves would be subject and liable if remaining unsold: Provided always, that all Persons required to transmit Reports to the Deputy vice Admiral of the finding of any Goods, shall, in case of any such Sale as last aforesaid, likewise transmit to such Deputy Vice Admiral an Account, of such Sale, and of the Proceeds thereof; and the said Deputy Vice Admiral shall forward such Reports to the Secretary of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, within the like Periods and under and

C. 75.

278

Goods saved from Vessels wrecked to lie forwarded to the Ports of their original Destination.

Deputy Vice Admiral, &c. with Carriages may pass over private Lands near the Coast where Vessels are wrecked, for the Preservation of the Wreck, Ac .;

subject to the like Penalties and Forfeitures for any Neglect therein, as in Cases of any Goods found and required to be reported under the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, and they are hereby required to permit all Goods, Wares and Merchandize saved from any Vessel or Vessels stranded or wrecked on their respective Homeward Voyage, to be forwarded to the Port or Ports of their origina Destination; and also to permit Goods,

Wares and Merchandize saved from any Vessel or Vessels stranded or wrecked on their respective Outward Voyage, to be returned to the Port or Ports at which the same were shipped; but such Commissioners are to take Security for the due Protection of the Revenue in respect of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Deputy Vice Admiral of the Part of the Coast where any Ship or Vessel shall be stranded or wrecked, or where any Wreck of the Sea or Goods shall be cast on Shore, and for his Agent, and also for the Owner or Master of any such Ship or Vessel, and for the Owners of any such Goods, or of any Part thereof, and for any Officer of the Customs or Excise, and other Officer, and for all Persons whatsoever employed or acting in aid of or in the assisting of any such Deputy Vice Admiral, Officer, Master or Owner as aforesaid, in the saving or recovering any such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo,

Stores, Tackle or other Articles belonging to the same, or the preserving the Lives of the Crew or Persons belonging thereto, or of any Wreck as aforesaid, to pass and repass with their Horses,

Carts, Carriages or Servants, over any Lands near to the Part of the Sea Coast where such Vessel shall be so wrecked or stranded, or on which such Wreck shall be cast, without Interruption or Obstruction by the Owner or Occupier thereof, for the Puqmse of rendering Assistance in saving, recovering and preserving any such Ship or Vessel, or Goods or Stores, or any Cables, Anchors,

Spars, Masts, Cordage or other Tackle or Articles belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or for saving or otherwise assisting in preserving the Lives of the Crew, or of any Persons on board of any such Ship or Vessel, or for the taking Possession of and securing for the Benefit of the Owners thereof, of any Wreck or Goods, or other Things cast on Shore, or found on Shore, or found near thereto, provided there shall be no Road by which the Parties may pass and repass with as much Convenience and Expedition as over such Lands; and also to place any Planks, Timber or any Part of the Wreck, or any Goods or Stores removed or saved from any such Ship or Vessel, or any other Wreck or Goods as aforesaid, upon any such Land for a reasonable Time, until they can be removed to some Warehouse or safe Place of Deposit, making Compensation to the Occupier of such Lands for any Damage done by the Means aforesaid, which Compensation shall be a Charge upon the Wreck or Goods in respect whereof the Damage may be done, in like manner as Salvage; and in case the Parties cannot agree as to the Amount thereof, then the same shall be ascertained and settled Two

by Two Justices of the Peace, or of a Third Person to be named to

by them, in such manner and within such times as the Amount of sett c 1

1 & 2 Geo. IV. T Salvage

by C_J

if no other fit Road.

Compensation to Occupiers.

If Disagree-

I & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Refusing Persons so employed to pass over Lands, &c.

Penalty 100L

Jurisdiction of Courts respecting Questions of Salrage.

In case of Damage done by a Foreign Vessel in Harbour, &c. Judge may cause Vessel to be arrested until Owners, &c. undertake to appear and be Defendant in any Action.

Penalties bow recoverable, c, 76. p6*t.

Salvage is directed to be ascertained and settled by the said recited Act in the Forty ninth Year of His said Majesty's Reign.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Occupier of any Land or Premises, over which any Person is authorized by this Act to pass and repass, for any of the Purposes in this Act before mentioned, shall interrupt, impede or hinder any such Person from passing over his Land or Premises, with Horses, Carts, Carriages and Servants, for the Purposes in this Act before mentioned, or any or either of them, by locking his Gates, or refusing upon Request to open the same, or otherwise, or shall obstruct or hinder the placing any Wreck, Goods, Stores or other Articles upon his Land, or shall prevent their remaining there for a reasonable time, until the same can be removed to some Warehouse or safe Place of public Deposit, such Occupier shall forfeit and pay to any Person who will sue for the same the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt.

XXXI. And Whereas Questions have arisen as to the Jurisdictions of the Courts of Record at Westminster, and of the High Court of Admiralty, in cases of Salvage of Ships and Goods performed between High and Low Water Mark; Be it therefore enacted, That any Question in relation to Salvage of any Ship or Vessel, or of any Goods, which shall be performed between High and Low Water Mark, shall be and be aeemed to be within the Jurisdiction or Cognizance of the High Court of Admiralty, or of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which any Damage shall be done by any Foreign Ship or Vessel to any British Ship or Vessel, Barge, Boat or other Craft, or any Buoy or Beacon, in any Harbour, Port, River or Creek, and it shall appear on a summary Application, made to any Judge of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or to the Judge of the High Court of Admiralty respectively, that such Damage or Loss has probably been sustained or arisen by the Misconduct or Negligence of the Master or Mariners of such Foreign Ship or Vessel, then and in such case it shall be lawful for such Judge to cause such Foreign Ship or Vessel, being in any Harbour, Port, River or Creek, to be arrested and detained, until the Master, or Owner, or Consignee, or some Agent of the Owner, Master or Consignee of such Ship or Vessel, shall undertake to appear and be Defendant in any Action which may be brought for such Loss or Damage, and give such sufficient Security, 1 by Bail or otherwise, for all Costs and Damages, if recovered, as shall be directed and ordered by such Judge, if it shall upon the Trial of such Action or Suit appear that such Loss or Damage shall have arisen from such Negligence or Misconduct as aforesaid; and in such Action or Suit the Person giving Security shall be made Defendant, and shall be stated to be the Owner of the Foreign Ship or Vessel doing such Damage; and it shall not be necessary in any such Action or Suit to give any other Evidence of the Liability of such Person to such Action or Suit, than the Production of the Order of the Judge, made in relation to such Security as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures above the Sum of Twenty Pounds, or which by this Act,

by

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 75. 275

or by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Portst or any or either of them, or by this Act, are made to be recoverable by Action or Suit, shall and may be sued for and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXXIV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not Proviso for extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, Rights of hindering, prejudicing or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Franchises and Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Cor- upon Hull, poration of the Trinity House of Kingston upon Hull, or in the Newcastle Commissioners acting under the Provisions of any Act or Acts of upon Tyne and Parliament relating to the Adjustment of Salvage for Anchors, Scarborough. Cables and other Ships' Materials found in the River Humber, or in the Masters, Wardens and Brethren of the Trinity Houses of-Newcastle upon Tyne and Scarborough respectively; T)ut that the said Corporation, and the said Masters, Wardens and Brethren, shall hold and enjoy the same as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done in case this Act had never been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to Ami for Rights extend, to prejudice or take away any Right, Property, Authority of City of

or Jurisdiction of the Mayor of the City of London, or of the Mayor k001*011* and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in and upon the Rivers of Thames and Medway.

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it hereby further enacted, That Act not to ex nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to Scot-tend, to those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and land or Ir*Iawd' Ireland called Scotland and Ireland.

XXXVII. And Whereas it is expedient, that the like Means of conclusively adjusting and recovering the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the said several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship or Vessel, or the Materials or Stores belonging thereto, or Goods of Persons on board thereof, should subsist, and be by Law applicable in cases where the

Salvors shall have acted under and by the Employment and

Authority of any Magistrate, or of the Commander or other superior Officers, Mariners or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, as are now by Law provided for adjusting the Quantum r of such Monies or Gratuities, which shall have become due in cases where Application shall have been first made to the Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf named and appointed in and by a certain Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act for preserving all such Ships and Goods thereof which shall happen to beforced on Shore or stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom,

or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, and where such Assistance shall thereupon have been rendered, in pursuance of the

C. 75.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

For the better Adjustment and Payment of Salvage pursuant to 12 Ann. tat. 2. c. 18.

Property saved may be sold so far as necessary to defray the Expence of Salvage.

Award may be referred by Customs or Excise to Court of Admiralty.

Public Act

Provision of that Statute Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Means which in virtue of the said last mentioned Act subsist, and may now be by Law applied for the conclusively adjusting, and for the recovering of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship or Vessel, or the Materials or Stores belonging thereto, or Goods, in cases where Application shall have been first made pursuant to the said Act, to Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf mentioned, and Assistance shall have been thereupon rendered and had, in pursuance of the Provisions of the said Act, shall be by Law applicable and available, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, in cases where the Salvors shall have acted under and by the Employment and Authority of any Magistrate, or of the Commander or other superior Officers, Mariners or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, although no such Application shall have been made to, nor any Authority or Assistance derived from, any Officer of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in the said Statute in that Behalf mentioned; and thereupon, upon Payment or Tender and Refusal of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons who shall have acted or been employed in such ^Salvage, or in case such Payment or Tender cannot be made, on Security being given for the true Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Justices who shall have adjusted such Quantum or Gratuities, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, or other Person or Persons having the Possession or Custody of such Ship, Vessel, Materials, Stores or Goods, any longer to retain the Possession or Custody of the same, or any Part thereof, by Reason or Pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compensation or Gratuity of such Salvage as aforesaid, or for having acted or been employed therein.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all cases it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners, or if the Owner or Owners refuse, for the Salvors, to sell so much of the Property saved as will be sufficient to defray the Salvage adjudged, and all Expences attending the same, and such other reasonable Charges and Expences respecting the said Property as shall be allowed by the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Justices acting in Execution of the Provisions of this Act; and that a Production of an Order or Decree from the High Court of Admiralty, or of an Award made by the Justices acting in Execution of the Provisions of this Act, the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise shall be empowered and required, and they are hereby empowered and required, to allow the Sale of such Goods aforesaid, free from the Payment of all Duties: Provided nevertheless, that in all cases in which they may think it advisable, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to refer any such Award, which may be produced to them from the Justices acting in Execution of the Provisions of this Act, to the Judgment and Revision of the High Court of Admiralty.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 75, 76. 277

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

ON the Day of in the Year of

Our Lord before me at

in the County of [Ship's Name,] A.B.

[here

insert the Names of the Salvors against, and name the Stores and other Articles, (id est) Anchors and Cables, , fyc. c. as the case may be'] certain Goods and Merchandizes lately found and taken Possession of, and belonging to the said Ship, whereof was

Master, and also against the said Master, and the

Owners [or if the Owners alone appear by themselves or Agents, then leave out the Master's Name] of the said Goods and Merchandize, in a Cause of Salvage [Master's Name] on which Day appeared personally/ of and

of who produced themselves as Sureties

for the said the Master, and for the Owners

of the said Goods and Merchandize, and submitting themselves to the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England, bound themselves, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the Master and Owners of the said Goods and Merchandize in the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain, unto the

said to answer such Salvage and Expences, or

the Value of the Goods [as the case maybe], as shall be hereinafter decreed by the said Court, according to the Tenor of the Act in that case made and provided; and unless they shall so do, they hereby consent that Execution shall issue forth against them, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Goods and Chattels, where-ever the same shall be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged and received, at the Time and Place above written, before me the undersigned Commissioner; and

I do believe and consider the Persons above mentioned sufficient Security for the said Sum of

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act to continue and amend certain Acts for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of 48 G. 3.

His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Ship Owners and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjustment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of Her late Majesty Queen

C. ISO.

278

C. 76.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

53 G. 3. C. 87.

Lord Warden to appoint Commissioners to determine Differences relative to Salvage.

Who are to appoint A Secretary subject to Approbation of Lord Warden.

Proceedings

entered.

Power to Commissioners to settle all Differences which may arise within the Limits herein mentioned.

Anne; which Act was to continue in force for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, the said above recited Act, except so far as the same was altered, was further continued in force for Seven Years from the passing of the said Act, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts should be further continued, except so far as the same are altered by this Act Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the time being to nominate and appoint, by ^ny Instrument or Instruments under his Hand and Seal, Three or more substantial

Persons in each of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, to adjust and determine any Difference relative to Salvage (which may arise) between the Master of any Vessel and the Person or Persons bringing such Cables and Anchors ashore; and in case any Ship or Vessel shall be either forced or cut from her Cables and Anchors, by Extremity of Weather, or by any other Accident whatever, and leave the same in any Roadstead, or other Place within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, and the Salvage cannot be adjusted between the Persons concerned, then the same shall be determined by any Three or more of the said Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty four Hours after such Difference shall be referred to them for their Determination thereof, any Usage or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that such Commissioners shall, immediately after their Nomination, proceed to elect some fit and proper Person, who shall be a Notary or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, as their Secretary or Register, except to the Port of Dover, where the Register for the time being of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports shall be the Register; and which Secretary, or Register, shall enter in a Book, to be kept for that Purpose, all the Proceedings of such Commissioners, and also a Copy of the Awards which they shall from time to time make; but such Election of Secretaries, or Registers, shall be subject to the Approbation of the Lord Warden for the time being.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to be appointed as aforesaid, to decide on all Claims and Demands whatever, which shall or may be made by Pilots, Hovellers, Boatmen and other Persons, for Services of any Sort or Description rendered to any Ship or Vessel, as well for carrying off from the Shore to such Ship or Vessel any Anchors, Cables or other Stores from any Part or Port of the Coast of Kent, Sussex, Essex or the Isle of Thanet, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, as for the conducting and conveying such Ships and Vessels from the

Dotvns9 and other Bays and

on the Coast of Kent,

Sussex and Essexf and the Island of Thanetf or from the Sea or any other Place, to Ramsgate, Dover or any other Harbou r, Port or Place, on the said Coasts, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, or

A.D. 1821.

1 GEO-IV.

C. 76.

* 79

for the saving and preserving, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, any Goods or Merchandize wrecked, stranded or cast away from any Ship or Vessel, the Master or Owners thereof, or their Agents, being present at the Place where the Commissioners shall be sitting; and that the said Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to hear and determine on all Cases whatever of Services rendered by Pilots, Boatmen and others, to Shipping within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, whether such Ships or Vessels shall be in Distress or not; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners whenever they see Occasion, to examine the Parties or their Witnesses upon their Oath, which Oaths shall and may be administered by the said Secretary or Register.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners Commissioners so to be appointed, and their Secretary or Register and Secretary to as aforesaid, who shall decide on any such Claims or Demands as aforesaid, to demand and receive of and from the Owners of such

Ships or Vessels, or the Proprietors of any such Goods or Merchan- by the Lord dizes, against whom any Pilot, Boatman or other Person shall make Warden, any Claim or Demand for Services of any Sort rendered to such Ships or Vessels, or for the sole saving and preserving any Goods or Merchandizes wrecked, stranded or cast away within the Jurisdiction aforesaid; and such Owners and Proprietors are hereby required to pay to them such Fee or Reward, for deciding on every such Claim and Demand, as shall be adjudged to them in that Behalf by the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the time being:

Provided always, that no Person to be appointed a Commissioner No Commis-by virtue of this Act shall have Power or Authority to act in any sioner to act ou other Port or Place than that in which he is resident, or from which ^lacc of his usual Place of Residence is not distant more than One Mile; 1 ence *

and that before such Commissioners shall in any case proceed Commission* to act, they shall severally take the following Oath before a Magi- to take Oath, strate or a Commissioner of the Court of King's Bench or Common Pleas, or a Master Extraordinary in Chancery; (videlicet,)

I A.B. do swear, That I have not, neither will I in any way, Form of Oath.

directly or indirectly, take or receive any Fee, Emolument or Reward, from any of the Parties whose Interests are referred

to my Decision (save and except such Fee or Reward as shall be allowed by the Lord Warden to be paid to me by the Ship

Owners or Proprietors of the Cargo, or their Agents); and that I will not accept or receive any Fee whatever from the Persons claiming Reward or Salvage; but that I will decide according to

the best of my Judgment, on the Evidence to be brought before me, without Favour or Affection to either Party.

So help me GOD. '

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party or Parties Appeal to High

so claiming to be entitled to Salvage or Compensation for Services Couit of Ad-rendered as aforesaid, or the Party or Parties who are to pay the mi.raJt3ror same, or their Agents, shall be dis-satisfied with such Award and ^iMue Ports Decision of the Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful for either but Ship to be' of them respectively, within Eight Days after such Award is made, liberated, on but not afterwards, to declare to the Commissioners his or their Bail in double Desire of obtaining the Judgment of some competent Court of of

Admiralty respecting the said Salvage or Compensation as afore- War

T 4l said.

Bail to be taken and certified according to Schedule annexed.

Appeal conclusive.

Cutting away

or defacing Buoy Ropes, &c. Felony.

Anchors, &c. found within Jurisdiction, to be deposited as herein mentioned, &c. or the Persons having them in Possession adjudged guilty of receiving stolen Goods.

C. 76.

V & V GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

said, and thereupon such Party or Parties shall forthwith be required by the Commissioners to declare whether he or they will proceed in the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or the High Court of Admiralty of England, and he or they shall so proceed within Twenty Days from the Date of such Award, by taking out a Monition against the adverse Party; but in such case the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to permit the said Ship and her Cargo, notwithstanding such Declaration and Proceeding, to depart on her Voyage, or to deliver to the Owners and Proprietors, or their Agents, any Goods or Merchandizes respecting which any Claim for Salvage shall be made upon the Owners or Proprietors of the same, or their Agents, giving good and sufficient Bail in double the Amount of the Sum awarded; and which Bail the said Commissioners, or any of them, are and is hereby authorized to take and certify according to the Form contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and to transmit the same without Delay to the Court of Admiralty, in which the Intention of proceeding shall be so declared, together with a true Certificate in Writing of the gross Value of the whole Ship and Cargo, or other Goods and Merchandizes respecting which Salvage shall be claimed, and also an official Copy of such Proceedings and Awards, certified by the said Secretary or Register, and the same shall be admitted by such Court of Admiralty as Evidence in the Cause.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on an Appeal so as aforesaid being made to the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or to the High Court of Admiralt} ', the same shall be taken and held to be final, and no ulterior Appeal from Sentence of the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or from the High Court of Admiralty, shall lie to the King in Chancery.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully cut away, cast adrift, remove, alter, deface, sink or destroy, or shall do or commit any Act with Intent and Design to cut away, cast adrift, remove, alter, deface, 6ink or destroy, or in any other way injure or conceal any Buoy, Buoy Rope or Mark, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, or which may be attached to any Anchor or Cable belonging to any Ship or Vessel whatever, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, with Intent thereby to defraud or injure any Person or Persons whatsoever, or Body Corporate, such Person or Persons so offending shall, on being convicted of such Offence, be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be transported for any Period not exceeding Fourteen Years.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Anchors, Cables, Buoys, Ropes or other Ships' Stores or Materials, or any Goods or Merchandizes of any Sort or Description whatever, which may have been parted with, cut from or left by any Ship or Vessel in the Downs, or elsewhere, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, whether the same shall be in Distress or otherwise, and which shall have been weighed, swept for or taken Possession of by any Pilots, Boatmen, Hovellers or other Person or Persons, shall be by them delivered either at Ramsgate, Deal or Dover, Harwich, Brightlersea or Wivenhoe, Six public Places of Deposit declared by this Act for the Reception of all such Articles, or such other Places as shall be declared by the Lord Warden, in

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 76. 281

the same State in which they are found, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of the Admiralty of the Cinque Ports aforesaid, their Deputy or Deputies, or such other Person as he shall authorize to receive the same; but if any such Articles so found, weighed, swept for or taken Possession of, shall not be so delivered immediately, or duly reported to such Serjeant or Serjeants, or their Deputies, on the finding thereof, and shall afterwards be discovered in the Possession, Custody or Power of such Pilots, Boatmen, Hovellers or other Person or Persons, he, she or they shall, on Conviction, be adjudged and deemed guilty of receiving Goods knowing them to have oeen stolen, and shall suffer the like Punishment as if the same had been stolen on Shore.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Merchandize, Materials of any 6ort, or Marine Stores of every Description, whether belonging to His Majesty, or to any British Subjects or Foreigners, which may be preserved from any Ship or Vessel stranded, deserted by her Crew or wrecked, either on Shore, or on the Goodwin or any other Sand or Shoal, or any Part of the main Land, or any Port or Place within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall be landed and delivered at one of the Six Places of Deposit, belonging to the Lord Warden's Deputies at Ramsgate or Deal or Dover, Harwich, Brightlersea or Wivenhoe, or such other Place as shall be declared and appointed by the said Lord Warden for that Purpose, which ever shall be most convenient or contiguous to the Place where the Loss occurs; and that if any Person or Persons who shall have preserved or taken Possession of any such Merchandize or Marine Stores within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall sell, dispose of or otherwise make away with the same, or shall in any Manner conceal, deface, take out or obliterate the Marks or Numbers thereon, or alter the same in any Manner, with Intent thereby directly or indirectly to prevent the Discovery and Identity of such Articles by the Owner or Owners thereof, such Person or Persons shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of Felony.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the preventing or restraining the Serjeant's Deputies, or any other Officer of the Lord Warden, from seizing all such Anchors, Cables, Buoys, Buoy Ropes or other Ships' Stores or Materials as aforesaid, and likewise all such Merchandize and Marine Stores as aforesaid, which he or they shall find concealed, or attempted to be concealed, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, or which he or they shall find in the Possession of any Person or Persons who shall be conveying, or in the Act of preparing to convey the same out of the said Jurisdiction, or from any Place where the same shall have been landed within the said Jurisdiction, to any other Place within the same, other than to one of the said public Places of Deposit aforesaid; but it shall be lawful in all such cases, for all and singular the Officers aforesaid, to seize the same as well on Shore as at Sea, within the said Jurisdiction, and to take and carry the same to one of the said public Places of Deposit, any thing in this or in any other Act, Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Wrecked Merchandize and Ships' Stores to be also deposited in like Manner.

If sold, or Marks defaced by the Salvor*,

Felony.

Officers of Lord Warden may seise Anchors, Stores, &c. concealed within their Jurisdiction, &c .;

to be deposited as aforesaid.

C. 76.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Receivers subject to same Punishment as though Goods had been stolen on Shore.

Lord Warden's Officers authorized to seize Anchors, Sec. taken up within the Limits of the Cinque Ports, though removed out of uch Limits.

Dealers in Ships' Stores to have their Names painted on their Storehouses.

[Penalty.]

No Cables, &c. to be cut up without Permit from One of Lord Warden's Deputies; to

Affidavit stating as herein mentioned.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall knowingly and with Intent to defraud and injure the true Owner or Owners thereof, purchase or receive any Anchors, Cables, Ropes or other Ships* Stores or Materials of any Description whatever, or any Merchandize or Lading which may have been taken up, weighed, swept for or taken Possession of, whether the same shall have belonged to any Ship or Vessel in Distress or otherwise, or whether the same shall have been preserved from any Wreck within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall on Conviction thereof be deemed guilty of receiving Stolen Goods, knowing the same to be stolen, as if the same had been stolen on Shore, and suffer the like Punishment as for a Misdemeanor at the Common Law, and be also liable to be transported for Seven Years, in the Discretion of the Court before which he, she or they shall be tried.

XI. And Whereas it frequently happens, that Anchors, Cables and other Marine Stores, or Merchandize, which have been weighed, swept for or taken Possession of, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, are, for fraudulent Purposes, carried away to Rochester, London, Portsmouth and other Places not within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, and the Officers of the Lord Warden cannot, by reason of such Removal, recover the same Be it enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, Deputies or any other Officer of the Lord Warden, whenever the case shall happen, to seize such Anchor, Cable or other Marine Stores or Merchandize, out of the Jurisdiction aforesaid, and there to take and carry away the same to some One of the aforesaid public Places of Deposit, or to place the same in a Place of Security, till Proceedings shall be instituted against the same, either in the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or in the High Court of Admiralty.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall trade or deal in buying and selling Anchors, Cables, Sails, old Junk or Paper Stuff, old Iron or Marine Stores of any Kind or Description, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall have their Names, with the Words, u Dealer in Marine Stores, painted distinctly in Letters of not less than Six Inches in Length, upon the Front of all their Storehouses, Warehouses and o&er Depots for such Goods; and in default of their so doing they shall, on Conviction before any Person or Persons duly authorized to act as a Magistrate or Magistrates within the Limits aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Ten Pounds, One Half of which Penalties shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the "Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and further, that it shall not be lawful for such Dealers or Traders to cut up any Cables or Part of the same, or to uncant, untwine or unlay the same, or Cordage of any Description into Junk or Paper Stuff, nor any woulding, wounding or worming, or any Cable Matting on the same, or on Rigging, on any Pretence whatsoever, without first obtaining a Permit from the Lord Warden's Deputies, or One of them, which Permit shall not be granted unless an Affidavit shall have been first made before some One of the Persons duly

authorized

1 & 8 GEO. IV. C. 76.

283

Affidavit recited at length

Dealers to keep an Account of the Marine Stores bought by them.

To advertise before cutting up Cable or Cordage.

authorized to act as Magistrates within the Limits of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, and shall have been delivered to and left with the Person granting such Permit, in which Affidavit there shall be sworn that the Cable and Cordage, so intended to be cut up had been purchased fairly and without Fraud by the Party so intending to cut up the same, and without any Knowledge or Suspicion on his or her Part that the same had been or were dishonestly come by; and in which Affidavit shall also be specified the particular Quality and Description of such Cable or Cordage, and the Name or Names of in Perralt* the Seller or Sellers thereof, which Affidavit shall be recited and set forth at length in the Permit thereupon granted.

XIII. And for the further and more effectual Prevention of Fraud in this respect, be it enacted, That all Dealers in such Marine Stores as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and their Members, shall keep a Book or Books fairly written, in which Entries shall be from time to time regularly made of all such Marine Stores as shall be by them from time to time bought, containing a true Account and Description of the Times when the same were so respectively bought by them, and of the Names and Places of Abode of the respective Sellers thereof; and also that before the Party who shall have obtained such Permit for the cutting up of any such Cable or Cordage (as herein before required to be obtained) shall

fproceed to cut up the same by virtue thereof, there shall be pub-ished by the Space of One Week at least before the Time of cutting up of the same, One or more Advertisements in some public Newspaper printed within the Counties of Kent, Sussex and Essex, and near to the usual Residence or Place of Abode of such Party, notifying that such Party had obtained such Permit for the Purpose of cutting up such Quantity of Cable or Cordage, and of such Kind and Quality as therein described, a true Copy of which Permit shall be inserted in such Advertisement; where- Persons herein upon it shall be lawful for all and every Person or Persons who described may may have just Cause to suspect, and shall have verified upon Oath the Fact of such his, her or their Suspicion before any of the Persons duly authorized to act as Magistrates within the Limits aforesaid, by Warrant of such Magistrate to him or them for that Purpose thereupon granted, to require of and from any such Dealer who shalt have so advertised, and shall be so sworn to be suspected as aforesaid, the Production and Examination of the Book or Books of Entries hereby required by him to be kept, and to inspect and examine the Cable or Cordage described in such Permit; and in case any such Dealer shall, when so thereunto required as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to produce to the Person named in such Warrant as the Person on whose Oath the same had been obtained, the Book or Books containing the giectimr to rive Entries of such Dealer so required to be made therein as afore- Noticebefore said, or shall neglect to keep any such Book or Books in which cutting up Entries containing Accounts of the several Particulars hereinbefore required to be entered shall be made, or to permit such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, or shall, after obtaining such Permit for the cutting up of any Cable or Cordage, and before the cutting up of the same, neglect to publish such One or

Books.

Refusing to produce the Book of Entries, or ne-

Cable or Cordage, &c.

C. 76.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

[Penalty.]

First Offence. Further Offence.

Penalties how to be levied.

Inhabitants

competent

Witnesses.

Lord Warden and his Deputies, Judge Official, &c. to have like Power as Justices of Peace or Commissioners under this Act.

more Advertisements relative thereto, as is hereinbefore directed and required to be published, the Dealer or Dealers so offending in all or any of the Particulars hereinbefore mentioned, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, being his, her or their First Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds; and for every Second and further Offence, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, nor less than Thirty Pounds; One Half of which Penalties shall, on Conviction before any of such Magistrates duly authorized to act within the Limits aforesaid, be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish in which such Offence shall be committed; and in case any of the Penalties by this Act imposed shall not be paid, with the Charges incident to the Conviction, immediately upon such Conviction, the same shall and may be levied by the Warrant of such Magistrate as aforesaid, by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender or Offenders; and in case there shall be no sufficient Distress, then every such Offender or Offenders shall and may be committed, by such Magistrate as aforesaid, to the Common Gaol within the Limits aforesaid, in the case of any First Offence for the Space of Three Months, and in the case of any Second or further Offence, for the Space of Six Months, unless the said Penalty and Charges shall be sooner paid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be competent Witnesses, for the Purpose of proving the Commission of any Offence against this Act, within the Limits of such Parish, Township or Place, notwithstanding the Penalty incurred by such Offence, or any Part thereof, is or may be given or applicable to the Poor of such Parish, Township, Place or otherwise for Benefit or Use or in Aid or Exoneration of such Parish, Township or Place.

XV. And be it further enacted, TTiat the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, and the Lieutenant of Dover Castle for the Time being, and the Deputy Wardens of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, and the Judge Official and Commissary of the Court of Afoniralty of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns, and the Members thereof for the Time being, and any other Officer who shall be specially appointed by the Lord Warden, and all and every of them, shall and may execute, perform, and do, within the Jurisdiction aforesaid, all the Acts, Matters and Things contained in this Act, in like manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Magistrate or Magistrates, or any Commissioner or Commissioners to be appointed by virtue of this Act, is and are authorized to execute, perform and do the same.

XVI. And Whereas by a certain Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Pirates, it is among other things enacted to the Effect following, that whenever any Commission for the Punishment of certain Offences therein named shall be directed or sent to any Place within the Jurisdiction of the Five Ports, that then every such Commission shall be directed unto the Lord Warden of the said Port for the Time being, or to his Deputy, or unto

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 76.

285

Three or Four such Persons as the Lord Chancellor for the Time being shall name and appoint: And Whereas by the said Act it is further enacted to the Effect following, that every

Inquisition and Trial to be had by virtue of such Commission shall be made and had by the Inhabitants of the said Five Ports,

or the Members of the same: And Whereas of a long Time past no such Commission has been sent to any Place within the Juris-

diction of the Cinque Ports:* Be it enacted, for the more certain

and speedy Administration of Justice, That as often as His Manner of is- Majesty shall direct a Commission, according to the Provisions suing Commi*. of the aforesaid Act, to the Admiral or Admirals, or his or their ^ent of Lieutenant Deputy and Deputies, it shall and may be lawful for offence*.

His Majesty, on the Application of the Lord Warden of the 28 H. 8. c.is. Cinque Ports, to direct such Commission jointly to the Admiral 5, 6. or Admirals, or his or their Lieutenant Deputy and Deputies, and also to the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, and to his Deputy; and the Commissioners who shall sit by virtue of such Commission, so jointly addressed, to whatever Shire or Place in the Realm the same shall be limited, shall have full Power and Authority to inquire into, try and determine all Offences named in the said Act, or in any other Act relating to Proceedings under such Commission, by the Oaths of Twelve good and lawful Inhabitants in the Shire limited in the said Commission, whether the said Offences shall have been committed within the Jurisdictions of the Lord Admiral of England, or of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports; and all and every Trial,

Conviction, Judgment and Proceeding whatsoever under such Commission, shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes in Law, and shall be followed by the same Consequences to the Offender or Offenders, as if the same were had by virtue of any separate Commission to be issued - under the Provisions of the aforesaid Act of King Henry the Eighth: Provided always, and Proviso for it is hereby further declared, that this Act, or any thing herein of Ad-

contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the AdmU *

taking away, abridging, prejudicing or impeaching, in any Manner raity Qf the whatever, the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of Eng- Cinque Port*. land, or the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court of the Cinque Ports, Two ancient Towns and their Members; but that it shall and may be lawful for the said Courts respectively, and the Judge or Judges thereof for the Time being, to have, use, exercise and enjoy Jurisdiction over all such Matters, Rights and Offences, as they have heretofore had, used, exercised and enjoyed, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if this Act had not been made; any thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That this Act, or any thing herein contained, shall not Proviso for extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, abridging, Rights of th hindering, prejudicing or impeaching of any Grant, Liberties, Trinity House. Franchises and Privileges heretofore granted to and vested in the Corporation of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond; but that the said Corporation shall hold and enjoy the same as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as they might have done in case this Act had never been made; any thing herein-

beforer

286

A.D. 1821.

Boundaries of Jurisdiction of Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports.

C. 76. 1*'& 2 GEO. IV.

before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the exact Boundaries of the Jurisdiction of the Lord High Admiral and

the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, and it is highly expedient

for the Purposes of this Act that the same should be clearly set forthNow it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Boundaries of the Jurisdiction of the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports, in regard to any Matter or Thing contained in this Act, shall be and shall be deemed and taken to be as follows; {that is to say,) from a Point to the Westward of Seaford, in the County of Sussex, called Red Cliff) including the same; thence passing in a Line One Mile without the Sand or Shoal called The Horse of Willingdon, and continuing the same Distance without the Ridge and new Shoals; and thence in a Line within Five Miles of Cape Grisnez on the Coast of France; thence round the Shoal called The Overfalls, Two Miles distant from the same; thence in a Line without, and the same Distance along the Eastern Side of the Galloper Sand, until the North End thereof bears West North West true Bearing from the West North West Bearing of the Galloper, it runs m a direct Line across the Shoal called The Thwart Middle, till it reaches the Shore underneath the Maze Tower; from thence following in a Line of the Shore up to Saint Orsythy in the County of Essex, and following the Course of the Shore up to the River Coin to the Landing Place nearest Bright-lingsea; from thence in a direct Line to Shoe Bacon; from thence to the Point of Shellness9 on the Isle of Shippey; and from thence across the Waters to Feversham; and from tnence following the Line of Coast round the North and South Forelands, and Beachy Heady till it reaches the said Red Cliff, including all the Waters, Creeks and Havens comprehended between them: Provided always, and it is hereby declared, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enlarge or abridge the Local Limits of the ancient Jurisdiction, Rights and Privileges of the Lord High Admiral of England, or the Lord Warden or Admiral of the Cinque Ports respectively, or their respective Representatives; but that the same shall remain according to ancient Usage, and that the Description hereinbefore contained shall only be deemed applicable to the Purposes of this Act; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And Whereas it is expedient that the like Means of conclusively adjusting and recovering the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship, Vessel or Goods, 4 should subsist and be by Law applicable in cases where the Salvors shall have acted under and by the mere Employment and Authority of the Commander or other Superior Officer, Mariners or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, as are now by Law

provided for adjusting the Quantum of such Monies or Gratuities

which shall have become due in cases where Application shall have been first made to Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in that Behalf named and appointed in and by 4 a certain Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lady Queen Anne, intituled An Act for pre-

rnnn|P'' serving

1 & 3a GEO. IV. C. 76.

287

serving of all such Ships and Goods thereof which shall happen to be forced on Shore or stranded upon the toasts of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Majesty's Dominions, and where Assistance shall have been thereupon rendered in pursuance of the Provisions of that Statute Be it therefore enacted and declared,

That all and every the Means which, in virtue of the Statute last mentioned, subsist, and may now be by Law applied for the conclusively adjusting, and for the recovering of the Quantum of the Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons acting or being employed in the Salvage of any Ship, Vessel or Goods, in cases where Application shall have been first made pursuant to that Statute, to Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers therein in that Behalf mentioned, and Assistance shall have been thereupon rendered and had in pursuance of the Provisions of that Statute, shall be by Law applicable and available, in like manner to all Intents and Purposes, in cases where the Salvors shall have acted under and by the mere Employment and Authority of the Commander or other Superior Officers, Mariners or Owners of any Ship or Vessel in Distress, although no such Application shall nave been made to, nor any Authority or Assistance derived from, any Officers of the Customs, or other the Officer or Officers in the said Statute in that Behalf mentioned; and that, upon Payment or Tender and Refusal of the Quantum of Monies or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons who shall have acted or been employed in such Salvage, or in case such Payment or Tender cannot be made, or Security being given for the 'due Payment thereof, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners who shall have adjusted such Quantum of Gratuities, it shall not be lawful for any Officer of the Customs, or other Person or Persons having the Possession or Custody of such Ship, Vessel or Goods, any longer to retain the Possession or Custody of the same, or any Part thereof, by reason or pretence of any Claim or Right to a Compensation or Gratuity for such Salvage as aforesaid, or for having acted or been employed therein.

XX. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all cases it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners, or if the Owner or Owners refuse, for the Salvors, to sell so much of the Property saved as will be sufficient to defray the Salvage adjudged, and all Expences attending the same, and such other reasonable Charges and Expences respecting the said Property, as shall be allowed by the High Court of Admiralty, or by the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or by the Commissioners appointed under this Act; and that on the Production of an Order or Decree from the High Court of Admiralty, or from the Court of Admiralty of the Cinque Ports, or of an Award made by the Commissioners appointed under this Act, the Commissioners of Customs and Excise shall be empowered and required, and they are hereby empowered and required, to allow the Sale of such Goods as aforesaid, free from the Payment of all Duties; Provided nevertheless, that in all cases in which they may think it advisable, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs and Excise to refer any such Award which may be produced to them from the Commissioners appointed under this Act, to the Judgment or Revision of the High Court of Admiralty.

G 

For the better Adjustment and Payment of Salvage under 12 Ann. stat. 2. c. 18.

Owners or Salvors may sell so much of the Property saved as will defray Salvage.

Award may be referred by Customs or Excise to Court of Admiralty.

Ie

C. 76.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proviso for Jurisdiction of Cinque Ports

[Public Act.]

XXI. Provided always, That nothing herein in this Behalf contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or impeach the Jurisdiction to be exercised within the Cinque Ports, or to affect or abridge in any Degree the Jurisdiction or Authority of the High Court of Admiralty.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and , shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

[See Cap. 75. 27. ante.2

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Day of before, &c.

ON the our Lord

in the County of [Ships' Names."]

A.B.

[here insert the Name of the Salvors] against the said Ship, whereof

was Master, her Tackle,

Apparel and Furniture, and the Goods, Wares and Merchandizes on board the same; and also against the said

Master, and the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or as the case may be, against certain Goods and Merchandizes lately laden on board the said Ship, whereof was Master;

and also against the said

Master, and the Owners (or if the Otvners alone appear by themselves or Agents, then leave out the Masters Name) of the said Goods and Merchandizes,] in a Cause of Salvage.

Master and Owners, or for the Owners Merchandizes, in the Sum of

, in the Year of at

[Masters' Names.]

On which Day appeared personally W. Z. of and Y. Z. of who

produced themselves as Sureties for the said the

Master, and for the Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, as the case may be,] for the said ALister and Owners of the said Goods and Mer-> chandizes, and submitting themselves to the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England, [or, the Court of Admiralty for the Cinque Ports, as the case may bef\ bound themselves, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, for the said Master and Owners of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, as the case may be, "] for the said

of the said Goods and Pounds of lawful

Money of Great Britain, unto the said A.B. &c. to answer the Salvage and Expences of the said Ship and Cargo, [or, as the case may be,] on the said Goods and Merchandize, as shall hereafter be decreed by the said Court, according to the Tenor of the Act in that Behalf made and provided; and unless they shall so do, they hereby consent that Execution shall issue forth against them, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Goods and Chattels, wheresoever the same shall be found, to the Value of the Sum above mentioned.

This Bail was duly taken, acknowledged and] received at the Time and Place above written, | before me the undersigned Commissioner; I and I do hereby further certify, that I do > believe and consider the Persons above mentioned sufficient Security for the Sum of Pounds.

w.x.

Y.Z.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 77. 289

CAP. LXXVII.

An act to abolish the Payment, by Prisoners in Ireland, of Gaol Fees, and all other Fees relating to the Commitment, Continuance, Trial or Discharge of such Prisoners, and to prevent Abuses by Gaolers, Bailing and other Officers.

[2d My 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that all Fees and Gratuities noiv payable by Prisoners in Ireland, at the several Gaols and Bridewells in Ireland, and all other Fees relating to the Commitment, Continuance, Trial or Discharge of such Prisoners, should be abolished Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the I^ord *

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after AH Gaol Feet the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after the passing of this Act, bolted ia all Fees and Gratuities whatever, paid or payable by any Prisoner Ireland* in Ireland, on the Entrance, Commitment, Continuance in Custody or Discharge of any such Prisoner, to, in or from any Prison in Ireland, shall absolutely cease and determine; and that no Fee or Gratuity whatsoever shall be paid or payable by any such Prisoner; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas Prisoners have been frequently detained in Custody for Fees due to the Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, and other Officers, and were, during such Detention, supported at the public Expence, and great Inconvenience has arisen thereby from the crowded State of the Gaols and Bridewells in Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, for Remedy hereof, That from Prisoners not and after the Expiration of Fourteen Days next after the passing to be detained of this Act, no Prisoner shall be detained for his Fees only, and " Custody for that no Fee whatsoever shall be taken or demanded from any of Prisoner, by any Clerk of the Crown or his Deputy, Clerk of the &c. under Peace or his Deputy, Sheriff, Under Sheriff, Gaoler, Turnkey, Crier 49 G. 3. c. loi. or other Officer; any thing in an Act made in the Forty ninth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Fees payable by Persons charged with Treason, Felony and other Offences, at Assizes and Quarter Sessions in Ireland, or any other Act or Acts, or any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Local Inspectors Notice to be shall and they are hereby required to affix, in the several Prisons affixed in for which such Local Inspectors are appointed, Notice of the Abolition of all Prison Fees, in such Form and Manner as are or

may be required by any Act passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and if no Local Inspector be appointed, then the Gaolers or Keepers of such Prison are hereby required to affix the same; and if the said Inspectors, Gaolers and Keepers shall neglect to affix such Notice as aforesaid, any Inspector, Gaoler or Keeper so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds; and that the Expence of fixing such Notices and Penalty 51. renewing the same be charged by every Local Inspector, Gaoler or Keeper to the Account of the Prison Necessaries furnished, provided and accounted for by him.

1 & 2 Geo. IV. U IV. And

290

C. 77.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Grand Juries may make Presentments for Fees of Prisoners discharged.

Amount of Fees presented to be ascertained as under 49 G. 3. c. 101.

Prisoners

transitu.

Taking Fees contrary to this Act.

Penalty 51.

Proviso for Marshal sea.

Extortion and Abuses committed by Gaolers, &c.

IV. And be it farther enacted, That it shall ani may be lawful to and for the several Grand Juries of the several Co unties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns in Ireland, in addition to the Sums which they are at present authorized to present off the several Counties, Counties of Cities and Counties of Towns respectively, to present for the several Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace, and other Officers, and their Deputies, Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, Gaolers, Turnkeys and Criers, such a Compensation to the said Officer, for the Fees of Prisoners discharged without Payment of Fees, pursuant to the Provisions of this present Act, as would have been payable by such Prisoners themselves, if this Act had never passed.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sums to be presented by any Grand Juries under this Act, shall not in any case exceed the Amount of the Fees which would have been payable by the Prisoners if the present Act had not been made, and that such Amount shall be nxed and ascertained in the Manner provided by the said recited Act passed in the Forty ninth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, with respect to the fixing and ascertaining the Amount Presentments to be made in lieu of Fees of Persons discharged without Fees.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Presentment shall be made for the Keeper of any Bridewell, for the Fees of any Prisoner who shall have been lodged in such Bridewell, in transitu, to the County Gaol.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace, or any of their Deputies, or any Sheriff or Under Sheriff, or any Gaoler or Under Gaoler, or any Turnkey or Crier at Assizes or Sessions, or any Person acting under them or any of them, shall demand, take or accept any Fee, Gratuity or Reward whatever, directly or indirectly, on the Commitment, Custody, Trial or Discharge of any Prisoner or for any Matter or Thing whatsoever relating thereto, contrary to the Directions of this Act, each and every Person so offending shall for each and every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds British Currency, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, by Action of Debt, Bill or Plaint, in which noEs&ign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; or by Civil Bill, to be heard and determined by the Assistant Barristers at the Sessions of the Peace in such Counties where the said Offences shall be committed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to the Marshalsea of the Four Courts of the City of Dubbin, nor to the Marshalsea of the City of Dublin.

IX. And for the more speedy punishing Gaolers, Bailiffs and others employed in the Execution of any Process Civil or Criminal, for Extortion or other Abuses in their respective Offices and Places; Be it further enacted, That upon the Petition of any Prisoner or Person, being or having been under Arrest or in Custody, complaining of any Exaction or Extortion by any Gaoler, Bailiff or other Officer or Person in or employed in the keeping or taking Care of any Gaol or Prison or other Place to which any such Prisoner or Person, under or having been under Arrest, or in Custody, by any Process Civil or Criminal, or in any Suit or Action,

is

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 77, 78.

291

is or shall have been carried, or in respect of the arresting or apprehending any Person or Persons, by virtue of any Process, Action oV Warrant, or of any other Abuse whatsoever, committed or done in their respective Offices or Places, such Petition being presented in Term Time unto any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, from whence the Process issued by which any Person who shall so petition was arrested, or under whose Power or Jurisdiction any such Gaol, Prison or Place is, or in Vacation Time to any Judge of such Court from whence such Process so issued, or upon Petition to the Judges of Assize in their respective Circuits, or to the Judge or Judges of any other Court of Record, where any Prisoner or Person, being or having been under Arrest or in Custody, was arrested or in Custody by Process issued out of or Action entered in any such other Court of Record in Ireland, every such Court or Judge, and every Judge of Assize, and Judge and Judges of other Courts of Record as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required respectively, within their several Jurisdictions, to hear and determine the matter of such Petition and Complaints in a summary Way, and to make such Order thereupon, for redressing the Abuses which shall by any such Petition be complained of, and for punishing such Officer or Person complained against, and for making Reparation to the Party or Parties injured, as such Courts or Judges shall think just, together with the full Costs of every such Complaint, where such Courts or Judges shall think the same to be just; and all Determinations which shall be thereupon made by any of the said Courts or Judges as aforesaid respectively, in such summary Way as is herein prescribed, shall have the same Effect, Force and Virtue, and Obedience thereunto may be enforced by the respective Courts and Judges, by Attachment, or in any other Manner, as other Orders of the said respective Courts and Judges may be enforced.

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act to regulate Acceptances of Bills of Exchange.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS according to Law as hath been adjudged, where a Bill is accepted payable at a Banker's, the Acceptance thereof is not a general but a qualified Acceptance: And Whereas a Practice hath very generally prevailed among Merchants and Traders so to accept Bills, and the same have, 4 among such Persons, been very generally considered as Bills generally accepted, and accepted without Qualification: And Whereas many Persons have been and may be much prejudiced

and misled by such Practice and Understanding, and Persons accepting Bills may relieve themselves from all Inconvenience, by giving such Notice as hereinafter mentioned of their Intention to

make only a qualified Acceptance thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August now next ensuing, if any Person shall accept a Bill of Exchange,

U 2 by

Refief upon Petition.

Punishment.

Cost*.

Bills accepted payable at a Blinker's or

C. 78, 79.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

other Place, deemed a general Acceptance.

Bill* accepted payable at a Banker's or other Place only, deemed a qualified Acceptance.

Acceptance to be in Writing on the Bill.

48 G.*. c. 110.

1-

51 G.3. c. 101.

52 G. 3. c. 153.

54 G. 3. c. 102.

55 G. 3. c. 94.

Haw far the Bounty of 3l.

payable at the House of a Banker or other Place, without further Expression in his Acceptance, such Acceptance shall be deemed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, a general Acceptance of such Bill; but if the Acceptor shall in his Acceptance express that he accepts the Bill, payable at a Banker's House or other Place only, and not otherwise or elsewhere, such Acceptance shall be deemed and taken to be, to all Intents and Purposes, a qualified Acceptance of such Bill, and the Acceptor shall not be liable to pay the said Bill, except in default of Payment when such Payment shall have been first duly demanded at such Banker's House or other Place.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of August, no Acceptance of any Inland Bill of Exchange shall be sufficient to charge any Person, unless such Acceptance be in Writing on such Bill, or if there be more than one Part of such Bill, on one of the said Parts.

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to repeal certain Bounties granted for the Encouragement of the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery, and to make further Regulations relating to the said Fishery.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, it is among other Things enacted, that from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, a Bounty of Three* Pounds per Ton

shall be paid annually, in the Manner therein prescribed, to the Owner or Owners of any whole decked Buss or Vessel, of not less than Sixty Tons Burthen, or any Person or Persons hiring the same, being British built, owned in Great Britain, and manned, navigated and registered according to Law, which shall be

.fitted out for, and be actually employed in the Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery, on the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland in the Manner and under the Regulations therein particularly prescribed: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty *nrst Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for amending the said Act: And another Act was passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, to rectify a Mistake, and to carry into more effectual Execution the Purposes of the said recited Act; which several Acts, by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, were continued to the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the said Acts were further amended and made perpetual: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Bounty should be repealed; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Bounty of Three Pounds per Ton shall, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 79.

293

and twenty two, cease and determine, and shall be and the same is re-

hereby repealed, so far as regards the Deep Sea British White *"

Herring Fishery, in the said recited Acts mentioned.

II. And whereas by the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of 48 G. s. c. l lo the Reign of His said late Majesty, it is among other things $ 8 *

enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty to appoint a Commissioned Officer in His Majesty's Navy, as Superintendant of the said Deep Sea Fishery, for the Purposes and with the Powers therein particularly mentioned,

which Person so appointed Superintendant shall annually proceed in a proper Vessel or Vessels of sufficient Force, to be provided for that Purpose, to Brassey Sound in Shetland, which is thereby appointed to be the Place of Rendezvous of the said Deep Sea British White Herring Fishery, so as to arrive there before the Fifteenth Day of June; and that the said Superintendant shall remain with the Vessels which shall be employed in the Fishery during the Continuance thereof for the Season And Whereas the said Provision is rendered unnecessary by Operation of this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That from and 48G.s. c.no. after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty ptbei Act* two, so much of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of His said ^ntment late Majesty's Reign, or of any other Act, as relates to the Ap- ofalsuperto-pointment of a Superintendant of the said Deep Sea Fishery, and tendantof to the Matters and Things to be done by such Superintendant, Fishery, re shall be and the same is hereby repealed: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, Provlso' to repeal any Act or Provision made for the Appointment or Employment of a Superintendant of the British Herring Fishery, other than t}ie said Deep Sea Fishery.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the

passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery, from time to time to make such

Rules and Regulations directing by what Means and Methods the ^litions'for^ Provisions of the Acts herein recited, and now in force, or of this executing this Act, or of any Act hereafter to be made relating to the said recited Fishery, shall be observed, performed and put in execution, and the Acte#

Purposes thereof duly answered and fulfilled, as to the said Commissioners shall seem fitting and expedient; and that all such Rules

and Regulations shall be as valid and effectual as if the same were set form in this Act, and shall be obeyed and carried into execution by the Officers of the British Herring Fishery, and all other Persons concerned; and that no Bounty granted by the said Act of No Bounty the Fifty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign, or by this cotnplUd Act, shall be allowed or paid to any Person or Persons, unless all such Rules and Regulations shall be duly complied with by the Person or Persons thereby required to perform the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any White Herrings caught and cured in the Irish.

Fishery, and for which any Bounty granted for the Encouragement duced'to Officers thereof shall have been paid or allowed, shall be produced to any of British and Officer of the British Fishery, for the Purpose of obtaining any Irish Fishery Bounty granted for the Encouragement or the same; or if any for obtaining White Herrings caught and cured in the British Fishery, and for

which any Bounty granted for the Encouragement thereof shall ^nd Venalty*

U 3 have sooL

Commissioners for British Herring Fishery may make Re-

in what case of Herrings

294

C. 79.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

55 G. 9. c. 94. SIS.

If Person buying or receiving fresh Herrings snake use of, or have in his Possession, any Cran or Measure of undue Content, same forfeited, and Penalty 101.

have been paid or allowed, shall be produced to any Officer of the Irish Fishery, for the Purpose of obtaining any Bounty granted for the Encouragement of the same; all such Herrings, with the Barrels containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery, Customs or Excise; and the Person or Persons producing the same shall also forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as any Penalty is directed to be recovered and applied under any Act or Acts in force for the Encouragement of the Fisheries in Great Britain or Ireland respectively.

V. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, it is among other Things enacted, that the Commissioners for the British White Herring Fishery be and they are thereby empowered to fix and determine, by Rules or Regulations to be made by them for that Purpose, the Content or Capacity of every Measure commonly called a Cran, by which Fresh Herrings taken

in the British Herring.Fishery shall be bought and sold, also the

Form or Dimensions thereof, the Sort or Sorts of Wood of which it shall be made, the Thickness of every Part thereof, the Number and Dimensions of the Hoops with which it shall be bound, and whether the Whole or what Part of such Hoops shall be of

Iron, and also to determine and direct what Marks or Characters shall be set, and upon what Part or Parts of every such Measure, 4 as also to appoint a fit Person or Persons at such Place or Places as they shall think proper to examine the same, and upon finding any such Measure to be conformable in all respects to the Rules or Regulations to be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to cause such Marks or Characters as aforesaid to be branded thereon with an hot Iron in his Presence, according to the Rules and Regulations aforesaid; and if at any Time after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, any Cran or Measure not so marked or branded as aforesaid shall be made use of in the buying or receiving, selling or delivering of Fresh Herrings in the British Herring Fishery, or on any Part of the Coast or Shores of Great Britain, every Person so making use thereof shall forfeit the said Cran or Measure, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, and the Commissioners for the British Herring Fishery shall cause the said Cran or Measure to be destroyed And Whereas the Provisions above recited have not been sufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; Be it therefore, enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person buying or receiving fresh Herrings shall, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Quantity thereof, malte use of or shall have in his Possession any Cran or Measure which, whether the same shall or shall not be branded with such Marks or Characters as is required by the above recited Act, shall be of greater Content or Capacity than is or shall be required by the Rules or Regulations of the said Commissioners of the British Herring Fishery, every such Person making use of or having in his Possession any such Cran or Measure, shall forfeit the same, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and applied in the same manner as the like Forfeitures are directed to be recovered and applied by the last recited Act; and the Commissioners for the British Herring Fishery shall cause the said Cran or Measure to be burnt.

C. 79.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. s

295

VI. And Whereas by the said Act, made in the Forty eighth 48 G.s. c. no

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, it is among other

1 Things enacted, that from and after the First Day of June One 3.

thousand eight hundred and nine, there shall be paid for every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons of White Herrings caught in the British Fisheries, and landed in Great Britain, and which shall be cured and packed according to the Directions of that Act, a Bounty of Two Shillings: And Whereas by the said Act

made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, S5 G.s. c. 91.

after reciting the Provision last recited, it is enacted, that from $ 6.

and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the said Bounty of Two Shillings shall cease and determine, and in lieu thereof a Bounty of Four Shillings a Barrel shall be granted, which Bounty of Four Shillings shall be paid for every Barrel of Herrings which shall be caught, landed, cured and packed according to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and of that Act, for the Encouragement of the Inhabitants of the Isle of Man engaged in the Prosecution of the British Herring Fisheries; *

Be it further enacted, That firom and after the passing of this Act, Bounty of 4b. the like Bounty of Four Shillings shall be paid for every Barrel of fo*'every Barrel Herrings caught in the Fisheries of the Isle of Man or other British Fisheries, in Vessels or Boats fitted out from the said Isle, landed British Fish-there, and cured and packed according to the Directions of the cries, cured and said Acts passed in the Forty eighth and Fifty fifth Years of the packed in Isle Reign of His said late Majesty and of this Act. Man-

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers or Authorities, Regulations, Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, in &c. in or by the said Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty fifth Years of His 48 & 55 O.s. said late Majesty's Reign and this Act, or in or by any of them contained or imposed and now in force or to be in force after the 16 e  aD* passing of this Act, as far as the same are or shall be applicable, and can be put in execution, shall extend to and be in force in the Isle of Man: Provided always, that the Bounty hereby extended Bounty cx-to the Isle of Man shall be paid by Order of the Commissioners of J*?dd Excise in Scotland, in the same manner as the Bounty of Four Excise

Shillings for every Barrel of White Herrings caught in British Scotland. Fisheries, and landed in Great Britain, is directed to be paid; and that any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid, shall of

or may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated and applied, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied, mitigated and applied by any Law or Laws of Custom or Excise in Great Britain, or by any Law of Customs in the Isle of Man.

VIII. And Whereas by the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year 55 G-3* c-94 *

of the Reign of His said late Majesty, it is enacted, that when 28m 4 any White Herrings, packed in Barrels or Casks, shall be imported or brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain from any Port or Place in Ireland, the Isle of Man, or from any other Island or Colony under His Majesty's Dominion, the Barrels or Casks containing the said Herrings shall have been, or, within Twenty four Hours after the Landing thereof and before the same shall be put into any Warehouse, shall be branded with such Word or Words as after mentioned respectively; (that is to say,)

if imported from any Port or Race in Ireland, with the Word

J

296

C. 79-

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

J28.

590.3. c. 109.

10.4. c. 103.

Regulations 55 G. 3. c. 94. regarding such Herrings imported m Barrels from Ireland or Isle of Man repealed.

Quorum of Commissioners.

"Irish;" if imported from the Isle of Man, the Word "Manx;" if imported from any other Island or Colony under His Majesty's Dominion, with a Word or Words descriptive of the Name of such other Island or Colony respectively; which Word or Words shall be branded on every such Barrel or Cask respectively, in the manner therein directed, and shall remain thereon distinctly legible; and that any such Herrings shall not be afterwards packed in any other Barrels or Casks unless such Word or Words respectively as aforesaid shall have been so branded thereon as aforesaid; nor shall any such Herrings be laid in Bulk or mixed with any other Herrings, unless the same shall be so laid in Bulk or mixed in a Manufactory of Red Herrings, for the Purpose of being made into Red Herrings; and that if any White Herrings, imported in Barrels or Casks from any such Port or Place as is above mentioned, shall be found in Bulk or mixed with any other Herrings, unless as aforesaid, or packed in Barrels or Casks, on which such Word or Words shall not have been branded respectively, or shall not remain thereon distinctly legible as aforesaid, 4 contrary to the said Act, all such Herrings, with the Barrels or Casks containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer of the Fishery or of the Customs; bat it is by the said Act provided, that nothing in the said Act made in the Forty eighth Year, or in the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign contained, relative to the Size or Thickness of the Barrels or Half Barrels in which White Herrings shall be packed, or against their being made of Fir, or relative to the Exportation of White Herrings, shall extend or be construed to extend to White Herrings imported m 4 Barrels or Casks from Ireland, the Isle of Man, or from any other Island or Colony under His Majesty's Dominion, such Barrels or Casks being branded in the manner therein directed: And Whereas by the Operation of an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for the further Encouragement and Improvement of the Irish Fisheries, and of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament for the Amendment of the said last mentioned Act, and by the Operation of this Act, 4 the Provisions of the said recited Act, ' and the Forfeitures thereby enacted, so far as relates to White Herrings contained in Barrels or Casks imported or brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain from Ireland or the Isle of Man, have became unnecessary and inexpedient Be it therefore enacted, That the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the Regulations, Restrictions and Forfeitures therein contained, so far as relates to White Herrings contained in Barrels or Casks imported or brought into any Port or Place in Great Britain, from any Port or Place in Ireland or the Isle of Man, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any thing by this Act directed or required to be done by the Commissioners for the British Herring Fishery shall and may be done by such Number of them as by the Letters Patent for the Appointment of such Commissioners is or shall be determined.

A.D. 1821.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 80, 81.

297

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million British Currency, by Treasury Bills in Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[2d July 1821.]

[This Act is the same as 1 G. 4. c. 46. except as to Dates and Sums.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act to amend so much of an Act of the Twenty eighth Year of His late Majesty as requires a Registry of Wool sent Coastwise.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-eighth Year 28G.S. c. 38* of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

for the Purpose (among other things) of amending and reducing into One Act of Parliament several Laws for preventing the Exportation of live Sheep, Rams and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells,

and Manufactures or pretended Manufactures made of Wool, it is enacted, that a Register of all Wool and other Articles in the $41.

said Act enumerated and sent Coastwise, and also a Register of the Return of the Landing of the Wool or other Articles so shipped, shall be kept by the Customer or Collector or Comptroller at each Port; and a Copy thereof shall be transmitted once in every Six Months to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs at the Port of London, there to be registered in a Book to be kept at the Custom House by some Person or Persons to be by the said Commissioners appointed for that Purpose, and which Register and Registers shall at all seasonable times be inspected, on Payment of the Sum of One Shilling, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, on Application for that Purpose; and a printed Copy of such Register shall, within Sixty Days next after the End of each Year, be transmitted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port of London, to the respective Custom Houses within this Kingdom,

and which said Copies so transmitted shall be inspected by any Person on Payment of the like Fee in manner aforesaid upon Application for that Purpose:* And Whereas it is no longer necessary to require the said Registers to be kept, nor to transmit printed Copies thereof to the several Custom Houses: Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act So much so much of the said recited Act, as is immediately hereinbefore set forth, shall be and the same is hereby repealed. repeded? '

189.

C. 82.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Drawback of Is. allowed for every Bushel of Malt used in Distillation.

Malt to be deposited in an entered Room, Distiller to provide Fastenings, and Excise Officer to keep the Key.

Malt to be deposited in Presence of Officer, to whom 24 Hours' Notice shall be given.

Malt not so deposited, or Fastenings provided, Sec.

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act for allowing to Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland a Drawback of a Portion of the Duty on Malt used by them; and for the further Prevention of smuggling of Spirits on the Borders of Scotland and England.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that a Portion of the Duty on Malt used by Distillers of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland should be allowed to be drawn back by such Distillers May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, a Drawback of One Shilling shall be allowed to every Distiller of Spirits for Home Consumption in Scotland, for every Bushel of Malt used by such Distiller in the Distillation of suen Spirits, for or in respect of which Malt the Duty payable by Law shall have been paid; subject nevertheless to the Conditions and Regulations herein contained to which every such Distiller shall conform, or he shall not be entitled to the Drawback hereby allowed.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every such Distiller, meaning to take or who shall be entitled to take the Benefit of this Act, shall provide a proper and secure Room or Place, or proper and secure Rooms or Places, in which all Malt to be used by such Distiller shall be deposited and kept, to be approved of in Writing by the Supervisor of the District, and shall at the time of taking out his or her Licence make entry of every such Room or Place, and produce a written Approbation thereof by such Supervisor; and every such Distiller shall, at his or her own Expence, provide proper and sufficient Fastenings, and the Supervisor of Excise who shall survey such Distillery shall, at the Expence of such Distiller, from time to time provide proper Locks and Keys, and keep the same in Repair, for the Door or Doors of such Room or Place, Rooms or Places, and to be approved of by the said Supervisor; and the Key or Keys of such Lock and Locks shall at all times be kept by the proper Excise Officer authorized by the Commissioners of Excise in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Malt purchased or made by any such Distiller making such Entry as aforesaid, shall be in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise deposited by such Distiller in such Room or Place, Rooms or Places, entered by him or her as aforesaid, as soon as conveniently may be after the same shall have been purchased or made; and that at least Twenty four Hours* Notice in Writing of the time when any such Malt is to be so deposited, specifying the Quantity thereof, shall be given to such Excise Officer, who shall see the same so deposited and take an Account thereof; and if any Malt purchased or made by any such Distiller shall not be so deposited, or any such Distiller shall not provide such Fastenings as aforesaid, or on Demand by such Supervisor pay such Supervisor for any such Locks and Keys

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 82. 299

respectively as aforesaid, or for the Alteration or Repair thereof, or shall open or enter any such Room as aforesaid, after being locked by an Officer, without the same being unlocked by such Officer for that Purpose; every such Distiller by whom any such Malt shall be purchased or made shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied as any other Excise Penalty may be recovered and levied.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Malt shall be deposited in any such Room or Place, without a Certificate from the Officer by whom the Duty shall have been charged thereon, which shall be delivered to the Officer by whom the Key of the Room or Place is kept, in which such Malt is to be deposited at the time when the same shall be so deposited; and if the Duty on such Malt shall have been charged by the Officer, who is to see such Malt deposited in any Room or Place as herein directed, such Officer shall certify the same to the Collector of the District, at the time when such Malt is so deposited; and every such Certificate shall in either case state the Place where and the time when the Duty on such Malt (specifying the Quantity thereof) was charged and paid or secured to be paid; and there shall also be delivered by such Distiller to the Officer, who is to see the same deposited in any such Room or Place as aforesaid, at the time the same shall be so deposited, a Declaration in Writing signed by the Distiller in whose Room or Place, Rooms or Places as aforesaid, such Malt is to be deposited, stating that such Malt is, according to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, wholly Malt, without any Admixture of unmalted Grain, and is the same Malt that is specified in the aforesaid Certificate; and if any such Distiller shall make a false Statement in any such Declaration, every such Distiller shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied as any Excise Penalty may be recovered and levied.

V. And be it further enacted, That a Duplicate of every such Certificate shall be transmitted by the Officer granting the same to the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh, at the time the same shall be granted.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Distiller to take or remove any Malt from any such Room or Place, without giving at least Twenty four Hours' Notice in Writing to the Officer by whom the Key thereof is kept, specifying the Number of Bushels intended to be taken therefrom, for the Purpose of being ground; and such Officer shall attend at the time specified in such Notice, and see such Number of Bushels as shall be specified in such Notice taken from such Room or Place, the Door of which shall thereupon be locked by him; and he, or such other Officer as shall be appointed in that Behalf, shall accompany the Quantity of Malt so taken out to the Mill at which the same is to be ground, and after such Malt shall have been ground, the Officer present thereat, or such other Officer as shall be appointed in that Behalf, shall see the same carried to the Mash Tun, and mixed therein with Water, and take an Account thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That every such Distiller shall once in every Month make out and deliver to the Officer by whom

the

Penalty 100L

No Malt deposited without a Certificate of Duty charged and paid, and Declaration signed by Dis* tiller that the Malt is without any Mixture of unmalted Grain, &c.

Making a false Statement,

Penalty 2001.

Duplicate of Certificate transmitted to Excise.

Malt not removed without Notice; Officer to attend.

Officer present at grinding of Malt to attend putting it into the Mash Tun.

Distiller to deliver Account

C. 82.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

on Oath of Malt used by him in each preceding Month.

Oath.

Perjury.

Penalty 500L

Purchasing or using Malt not deposited, if Malt not duly taken out, ground and put in Mash Tun, or if used but for Spirits,

Penalty 500L

Officer monthly to make up Account of Malt deposited and delivered ut, on Oath, and transmit same and Certificates, &c. to Supervisor, to be forwarded to Commissioners.

Drawback.

the Key of any such Room or Place belonging to such Distiller shall be kept, upon Oath taken before the Supervisor or Collector of the District or Collection wherein his or her Distillery shall be situated, which Oath such Supervisor or Collector is hereby authorized and required to administer, an Account of all Malt used by such Distiller in the preceding Month, specifying the Dates and Quantities used at any one Time; and every such Distiller shall swear that, according to the best of his or her Knowledge or Belief, there was not in any such Malt used by him or her any Admixture of unmalted Barley or unmalted Grain, or any Malt except such Malt so deposited and taken account of by the Officer as aforesaid; and every such Distiller swearing falsely shall be liable to the Pains of Perjury; and if such Distiller shall knowingly make any false Entry or Statement hi such Account, every such Distiller shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied as any Excise Penalty may be recovered and levied.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Distiller taking the Benefit of this Act shall purchase or make any Malt which shall not be deposited in such Room or Place, Rooms or Places, entered by him or her as aforesaid, or shall make use of any Malt which shall not have been deposited in such Room or Place, Rooms or Places, so entered by him or her, or which shall not be taken out of the same and ground and mixed with Water in the Mash Tun in the manner herein directed; or if any such Distiller shall permit or suffer any such Malt, or the Wash to be made therefrom to be used by any other Person or Persons, or for any other Purpose than the making of Spirits by such Distiller for Home Consumption;"every such Distiller shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and levied as any Excise Penalty may be recovered and levied.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer of Excise receiving any such Certificate, Declaration or Notice as aforesaid, shall keep a Book, in which shall be entered the Particulars contained in every such Certificate, Declaration and Notice, and shall once in every Month make out an Account, shewing each Quantity of Malt with the Date when deposited in each Room and Place so entered as aforesaid, and each Quantity of Malt with the Date when taken therefrom and ground and mixed in the Mash Tun, in the manner herein directed, during the Period to which such Account shall relate; and shall, with such Distiller, make Oath to the Truth of such Account before the Collector of the Collection (which Oath such Collector is hereby empowered and required to administer) , and such Officer shall transmit the same, with all the Certificates, Declarations and Notices as hereinbefore directed, received by such Officer during such Period relating to such Account, to the Supervisor of the District, and such Supervisor shall forthwith examine and thereafter transmit the same, with his Observations thereupon, to the Commissioners of Excise at Edinburgh, for their Consideration and further Examination; and if such Commissioners shall be satisfied therewith, they shall make an Order upon the Collector of the Collection, to allow to each Distiller to whom such Account shall relate

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 82. 301

the Sum of One Shilling per Bushel for and in respect of every Bushel of Malt so used by any such Distiller during such Period.

X. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of 59 G. 3. c. 53.

His said late Majesty, for granting to His Majesty certain ad- $ 2s *

ditional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts,

Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the same with the former Duties thereon, and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating thereto, it is enacted,

that from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, every Distiller for Exportation to England or Scotland respectively, shall, in each and every Year ending the Tenth Day or October, produce, and shall duly export to and land and pay Duty for, in England or Scotland respectively, as the case may be, Nineteen Gallons at the least of Spirits, at the Strength of Seven per Centum above Hydrometer 4 PSroof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made by such Distiller in such Year, except so much of such Spirits as shall be lost by Shipwreck; and if any such Distiller shall in any such Year fail, neglect or refuse to produce, and duly export to and land or pay Duty for, in England or Scotland respectively, as the case may be, Nineteen Gallons at the least of such Spirits at the Strength aforesaid,

for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be brewed or made in such Year by such Distiller, and shall not within One Month after the Expiration of such Year pay Duty in England or Scotland, as the case may be, at and after the Rate of Duty chargeable by Law lor and in respect of such Spirits so imported, for every Gallon ol 4uch Spirits below or short of such

Proportion as aforesaid, uhieh any such Distiller shall fail to land and pay Duty for as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall for every such Refusal as aforesaid forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirits not landed and paid Duty for, except as aforesaid, in such Year: And Whereas it is expedient to repeal so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, and make further Provision in lieu thereof Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the First Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so much of the said Act as is hereinbefore recited, shall be and the same is hereby repealed, except as to any Duties which shall have become due repealed.

* 12, and any Penalties which shall be incurred on or before

id be it further enacted, That from and after the First Regulations as Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, every to Distillers for Distiller in England for Exportation to Scotland, and in Scotland for Exportation to England, respectively, shall deposit, store and Jeep,

keep all the Spirits by him or her made or distilled, or made or ing Spirits diT distilled at his or her entered Distillery for Exportation as afore- tilled indistinct said, in every Year ending on the First Day of October, in a dis- Warebouae* tinct Warehouse or Warehouses, separate and apart from all Spirits exporting made or distilled in any other Year ending as aforesaid, and from Dutyfor"^>iriu all other Spirits; and shall in each and every Year ending on the herein n*en-Fifth Day of January export to, land and pay Duty for, in Scot- tioned. land or England respectively, as the case may be, Nineteen Gallons at the least of Spirits of the Strength of Seven per Centum

C. 82.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Not keeping Spirits in distinct Warehouses, &c.

[Penalty.]

Neglecting to export and pay Duty.

[Penalty.]

Spirits removing by Land from Scotland into England,

above Hydrometer Proof, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be distilled into Spirits by such Distiller, or at such Distillery, in the Year ending on the preceding First Day of October, except so much of such Spirits as shall, in the like Proportion, and computed at the Strength aforesaid, be before the said Fifth Day of January exported by such Distiller or Distillers respectively, directly from his or her Stock of Spirits distilled in the Year ending on the preceding First Day of October, to and landed in Ireland, under the Regulations contained and referred to in and by an Act made in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for regulating, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, the Trade in Spirits between Great Britain and Ireland reciprocally; and also except so much of such Spirits as shall, after being shipped for Exportation as aforesaid, be lost by Shipwreck; and if any such Distiller respectively as aforesaid shall not deposit, store and keep all the Spirits by him or her made or distilled, or made or distilled at his or her entered Distillery for Exportation as aforesaid, in every Year ending on the First Day of October, in a distinct Warehouse or Warehouses, separate and apart from all Spirits made or distilled in any other Year ending as last aforesaid, and from all other Spirits, every such Distiller shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of Spirits not deposited, stowed and kept by him or her as aforesaid, or of Five hundred Pounds, at the Election of the Person who shall sue dr prosecute for the same; and if any such Distiller respectively as aforesaid shall, in any Year ending on the Fifth Day of January as aforesaid, fail, neglect or refuse to export to, land and pay Duty for, in Scotland or England respectively, as the case may be, Nineteen Gallons at the least of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wort or Wash which shall be distilled into Spirits by such Distiller, or at such Distillery, in the Year ending on the preceding First Day of October as aforesaid (except as aforesaid J, or shall not, within One Month after the Expiration of such Year ending on the Fifth Day of January, pay Duty in Scotland or England, as the case may be, being that Part of the United Kingdom to which such Quantity of Spirits is hereby required to be exported, landed and Duty paid as aforesaid, at and after the Rate of Duty chargeable by Law for and in respect of such Spirits, for every Gallon of such Spirits below or short of such Proportion as aforesaid, which any such Distiller shall fail to land and pay Duty for as aforesaid, every such Distiller shall, for every such Default, Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Gallon of such Spirits not exported, landed and paid Duty for (except as aforesaid) , in such Period as aforesaid.

XII. And Whereas Spirits brought by Land from Scotland into England are respectively forfeited; but it is expedient that

more effectual Provision should be made to prevent Persons pri-

vately distilling Spirits, and removing, harbouring and concealing Spirits on the Borders of Scotland and England re-

spectively; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall remove or cause to be removed, or sell or deliver, or offer for Sale or Delivery, or

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 82.

30S

buy, receive, hart>our or conceal, any Spirits brought or removed by Land from Scotland into England, or any Spirits for the Removal of which any Permit or Certificate is by Law required, and which shall not be accompanied with such Permit or Certificate for the Removal thereof, specifying therein that all the Duties of Excise payable in respect of such Spirits have been paid, or secured to be paid, all such Spirits respectively so removing or removed, or sold or delivered, or offered for Sale or Delivery, or bought, received, harboured or concealed, and the Package or Packages containing the same respectively, and the Waggons, Carts and other Carriages, Horses and other Cattle, used or employed in removing the same respectively, and every of them, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, or by any Person or Persons acting in the Aid and Assistance of any such Officer or Officers; and every Person removing, selling, delivering or offering for Sale or Delivery, or buying, receiving, harbouring or concealing any such Spirits as aforesaid, or in any respect concerned in removing, selling, delivering or offering for Sale or Delivery, or buying, receiving, harbouring or concealing any such Spirits, whether such Spirits be seized or not seized, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Gallon of Such Spirits removed, sold, delivered or offered for Sale or Delivery, or bought, received, harboured or concealed, or the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, at the Election of His Majesty's Attorney General, or the Person who shall sue or prosecute for the same; and it shall and may be lawful for any such Officer and Officers, and for any Person and Persons acting in his or their Aid and Assistance, to stop, arrest or detain, in any Part of the United Kingdom of Scotland or England, any Person or Persons removing, selling, delivering or offering for Sale or Delivery, any such Spirits, in whichever Part of the United Kingdom of England or Scotland such Person or Persons so offending shall commit any such Offence, and to take and carry him, her and them before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for Scotland or England respectively; and it shall be lawful for such Justice or Jusices of the Peace, notwithstanding such Offence shall not be proved to have been or shall not have been committed within his or their Jurisdiction, and he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required, upon Proof on Oath by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person or Persons did remove, sell or deliver, or offer to feell or deliver any such Spirits brought or removed by Land from Scotland into England, or any Spirits for the Removal of which any Permit or Certificate was by Law required, and which was not accompanied with such Permit or Certificate for the Removal thereof, specifying therein that all the Duties of Excise payable in respect of such Spirits have been paid or secured to be paid, whether such Spirits be or be not seized, to hold each of such Persons to bail with Two good and sufficient Sureties in the Sum of One hundred Pounds each, for the Appearance of such Person to answer to any Information that may be exhibited or filed against him for any Penalty or Penalties incurred by such Offence, and to pay such Penalty and Penalties and abiae any Judgment for any such Offence; and in Default of any such Person

or removed or offered for Sale, &c. without permit, forfeited, with the Carriages, &c. employed.

Persons concerned in removing. selling and buying such Spirits, Penalty.

Officers, &c. may arrest and detain Persons removing, selling, &c. such Spirits.

Proceedings by Justice of Peace.

Bail,

or Committal.

sot

C. 82, 8S.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

Proriio for other Penalties.

I G, 4, c. 118.

SI.

59 G. S. c. 53.

Duty of Is. 9d. (in Addition to' the Annual Duty of Is.) instead of 2s. for every Bushel of Malt made.

son finding such good and sufficient Bail as aforesaid, or until the same shall be found, to commit such Person to any Gaol or Prison or House of Correction within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, to /answer as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to repeal any other Penalty or Penalties, Forfeiture or Forfeitures, imposed by any Law or Laws in force at the time of passing this Act relating to Spirits.

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for further reducing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for reducing, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Duty on Malt made from Bear or Bigg only, for Home Consumption in Scotland, whereby it was enacted, that from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum which (in addition to the Annual Duty of One Shilling per Bushel) should be raised and levied pursuant to an Act therein recited, (videlicet,) an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties of Excise on Tea, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts, Tobacco and Snuff, Pepper, Malt and British Spirits, and consolidating the same with the former Duties thereon; and for amending certain Laws of Excise relating thereto, upon such Malt as should, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, be made from Bear or Bigg (only in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Home Consumption in Scotland, should be the Sum of Two Shillings for and in respect of every Bushel of such Malt as should from and after the Day last aforesaid be made from Bear or Bigg only, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Home Consumption in Scotland, in place of Two Shillings and Sixpence,

being the Amount of Duty granted by the said Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient still further to reduce the Duty upon such Malt as shall be made under the Provisions of the said Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

for Home Consumption in Scotland, from Bear or Bigg only Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Sum which (in addition to the Annual Duty of One Shilling per Bushel) shall be raised and levied pursuant to the said Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

805

C. 83, 84.

of His late Majesty upon such Malt as shall, from and after the from Bear or

said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty

one, be made under the Provisions of the said Act passed in the Consumption *

First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from Bear or Bigg only, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Home Consumption in Scotland, shall be the Sum of One Shilling and Nine Pence for and in respect of every Bushel of such Malt as shall from and after the Day last aforesaid be made from Bear or Bigg only, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Home Consumption in Scotland, in place of Two Shillings, being the Amount of Duty granted by the said recited Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty:

The Duty of

Provided nevertheless, that from and after the said Fifth Day of July One under

thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the Duty of Two Shil- 59 3\ 5S *

lings and Sixpence imposed by the said Act passed in the Fifty every BusbeTof

ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty shall be charged and MaU made in

paid, according to the Provisions thereof, for and upon every Scotland, ex-

Bushel of all Malt whatsoever which shall be made in and brought for Home

from Scotland into England, or which shall be made by any Malt- Consumption.

ster or Maker of Malt in Scotland, save and except such Malt

only as shall be made for Home Consumption in Scotland by any such Maltster or Maker of Malt from Bear or Bigg only, according to and under the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions mentioned in the said recited Act passed in the First

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; all which Rules, 1G. 4. c. 118.

Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions, it is hereby declared

shall btf held as repeated in this Act; and the said recited Act

passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act shall be construed together for the Purposes of this Act.

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to grant Duties of Customs on certain Articles of Wood imported into Great Britain, in lieu of former Duties; and to amend an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for granting certain Duties of Customs in Great Britain.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Duties of Customs payable upon the Importation into Great Britain of certain Articles of Wood should cease and determine, and that other Duties of Customs should be imposed in lieu thereof:

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July Duties now One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the several Duties payable on

of Customs payable under any Act or Acts in force immediately W?*1, de*crib" before the said Fifth Day of July, upon the Importation into Great except

Britain of the several Articles of Wood enumerated or described M Arrears; in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) , shall cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or allowing any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at the

C. 84.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

and instead thereof the Duties specified in said Table.

Duties to be paid into Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

Duties and Drawbacks under Commissioners of Customs *

Duty of 6s. !Hl per Cwt. of Cotton Wool imported from America, specified in Schedule to 59 G. 3. c. 52. suspended.

59 G. 3. c. 52. 12. repealed, and Duty ad Valorem of Cotton Wool to remain.

Time of passing this Act remain unpaid or not allowed, or relating to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures in respect thereof, which shall have been incurred at any time before the said Fifth Day

of July.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July, in lieu and in stead of the several Duties of Customs hereby tnade to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Articles of Wood enumerated and described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) , imported or brought into Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs as the same are respectively inserted or described, and set forth in Figures, in the said Table marked (A.).

III. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising from the Duties imposed by this Act (the necessary Charges of receiving and accounting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and shall be appropriated and applied in the same manner as the Duties hereby repealed were directed to be appropriated and applied by any Act or Acts in force immediately before the said Fifth Day of July.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs by this Act imposed and allowed as shall arise in England shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the time being; and such thereof ad shall arise in Scotland shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Duty of Six Shillings and Three Pence on every One hundred Pounds Weight of Cotton Wool, being the Produce of and directly imported from any British Colony or Plantation in America, specified and set forth in the Table marked (A.) , annexed to an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof, shall be suspended from the Eleventh Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

VI. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is among other Things provided, that upon all Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton

Wool which shall have been or shall be secured in Warehouse

without Payment of Duty, at any Time previous to the Fifth

Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, the Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven Pence for every One hundred

Pounds Weight shall be charged and paid at any Time, as well after as before the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, when such Cotton Wool shall be taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption: And Whereas

by Table (A.) Inwards, annexed to the said recited Act, a Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven Pence the One hundred Pounds Weight is imposed on Cotton Wool the Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America not being imported directly

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 84.

307

from thence, and on Cotton Wool the Produce of any other Country or Place, until the Fifth Day of January One thousand

eight hundred and twenty, inclusive, if imported in British built Ships: And Whereas it is not expedient that the aforesaid Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven Pence should be charged and paid after the aforesaid Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty; but that the said Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, from and after the said Fifth Day of

January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, should be liable to the Duties charged in the aforesaid Table (A.) Inwards,

according to the Value thereof:* Be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said Proviso or Enactment in the said recited Act as requires the Payment of the aforesaid Duty of Eight Shillings and Seven Pence, after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, shall be and the same is

hereby repealed; and that so much of the said recited Act, and 59 G. s. c. 52. the Table thereto annexed, as requires or authorizes the Payment in Pa* in force, of the Duty on Cotton Wool or Waste of Cotton Wool, according to the Value thereof, shall be and remain in full force and effect.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Granite and

Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, other S*0"4* all Granite Stone, the Production of Great Britain, brought Coast- for re^*- wise from any Port or Place within Great Britain, to any other sea

Port or Place therein, for the Purpose of the paving or making or Banks or Sea mending of any Roads in Great Britain, and all Stone the Pro- Walls, exempt duction of Great Britain, so brought Coastwise for the Purpose from Buty. of repairing or upholding Sea Banks or Sea Walls in Great Britain, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be exempt from

the Duty imposed upon such Granite Stone and other Stone, the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise, under any Act or Acts in force immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Granite Such Stone to Stone and other Stone shall be accompanied with the usual Coast b accompanied Despatches as in case of Goods carried Coastwise free of Duty; J^c"8ual and that the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Consignee or Consignees, of all such Granite or other Stone respectively, shall,

previous to the same being unshipped or landed from on board

the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been brought

Coastwise, make a regular Entry of such Stone with the proper Entry to be

Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place where the same shall made at Port.

be brought Coastwise, and shall make Oath thereon before the Oath that

said Officer, who is hereby authorized and required to administer St5!rilsfin"q_-

the same, that such Stone is intended for the Purposes above

mentioned respectively, and no other; and if any such Granite Using'for any

Stone or other Stone shall afterwards be applied to any other Uses other Purpow,

or Purposes, such Granite Stone or other Stone shall be forfeited,

and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the

Customs;

[Penalty.]

and the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall forfeit for every Ton Weight of any such Granite Stone or other Stone the Sum of Twenty Shillings, One Moiety of which shall be to the Use of the Person who shall give Information thereof, and the other Moiety to the Officer who shall sue for the same.

IX. And Whereas by Table (D.) Coastwise, annexed to an

C. 84.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Duties of 59 G. 3. c. 52. payable only on Slate, &c. brought from Port to Port. No Duty for Chippings of Granite Stone, &c (it only for repairing Streets, &c.

Duties on Pepper, Capsicum or Chillies, &c. to cease.

Any Wine may be imported in Bottles or Flasks, for private Use, in Packages containing at least Six Dozen Quart Bottles or Flasks, on Payment of Duties to which French Wine is subject.

Proviso for Wine imported Car private use from within

Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof, certain Duties of Customs are imposed upon Slate and Stones of the Production of Great Britain, brought Coastwise from any Port or Place within Great Britain to any other Port or Place therein Be it enacted, That the said Duties of Customs imposed on such Slate and Stone shall be charged and payable only on such Slate and Stone brought Coastwise from any Port within Great Britain to any other Port therein.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Duty shall be payable, nor any Sufferance Warrant, Transire or other Document whatever, shall be required by any Officer or Officers of the Customs for or on the Shipping, carrying, conveying, removing or landing Coastwise within Great Britain of any Chippings of Granite Stone, Kentish Rag Stone or Whin Stone, broken up into small Pieces, or of any Round Pebble or Cobble Stones picked up in the Beds of River B or on the Sea Shore, and fit for no other Purpose than repairing Streets and Highways.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, all and singular the Duties of Customs payable on Pepper, Cayenne Pepper, Long Pepper, Guinea Pepper, Capsicum or Chillies, imported into Great Britain, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may remain unpaid on the said Fifth Day of July, or to any-Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Fifth Day of July *

XII. And Whereas by the Laws now in force, French Wines are allowed to be imported into Great Britain in Bottles or Flasks, provided the same are imported in Packages each of which shall contain at least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks; and it is expedient to permit the Importation of other Wines in Bottles or Flasks, for private Use, under the like Regulations Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it shall and may be lawful for any Person to import into Great Britain, for private Use, any Wine in Bottles or Flasks, provided that such Wine be imported in Packages each of which shall contain at least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks, on Payment of the same Duties, as well of Customs as Excise, as French Wine is subject to; and in such Manner, and under and according to such and the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Restrictions, and subject to such and the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as are provided and enacted in any Act or Acts of Parliament with respect to French Wine so imported into Great Britain, so far as the same are applicable thereto.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to any Wine imported for private Use, and not intended to be sold,

which

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 84-. S09

Year of His said late Majesty's Reign; but that such Wine may be imported, under such Regulations and subject to such Duties as are required and directed by the said recited Act.

XIV. And Whereas by the Laws now in force, any Wine whatever is allowed to be imported into Great Britain from Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, in Bottles or Flasks, as well for Sale as private Use, in Packages, each of which shall contain at least Six Dozen reputed Quart Bottles or Flasks: And Whereas it is expedient that Wine so imported should be

subject to the same Duties as French Wine Be it therefore

enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand Wine imported eight hundred and twenty one, any Wine in Bottles or Flasks *" or

shall, on Importation thereof into Great Britain from the Guernsey>m Islands aforesaid, be subject and liable to the Payment of the Jersey, &c. same Duties, as well of Customs as Excise, as French Wine, and subject to the shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations, Conditions, Re- Duties as strictions, Penalties and Forfeitures as are provided and enacted Frcnch Wine, in any Act or Acts of Parliament with respect to French Wine so imported, so far as the same are applicable thereto.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Where Dudes tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to compel the ol} wJ>d T*re Proprietor or Proprietors of any Sort of Wood, liable to any ^cu"ed Duties under this Act, to pay the Duties upon the Importation or Bond before Landing thereof in Great Britain, in any case where such Articles July 5. new might, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July, have Duties to he been secured without Payment of Duty, or in any case where the 8CCured in like Whole or any Part of the Duties on such Articles of Wood are maiuier* permitted to be secured by Bond or otherwise, under or by virtue

of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force in Great Britain on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July; but that in all such cases the Duties, specified in the Table to this Act annexed, marked (A.) , may be secured by Bond or otherwise, in such Manner, and under such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, as are contained in any such Act or Acts, except where it is otherwise provided by this Act: Provided always* that in case ..

the Importer or Proprietor of any such Wood, which shall have shaUUve been been secured by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force secured before on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July, and on which July 5. shall, the Duties due on the Importation thereof shall not have been ou bing taken paid, shall be desirous of taking any such Wood from any Place f cnsume<! where the same shall be secured, for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain, then and in such case the Duties this Act. imposed by this Act shall be payable thereon, notwithstanding auch Wood may have been imported before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Duties of Customs Duties and granted and the Drawbacks allowed by this Act shall and may

be managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, received, lesied and paid, answered, paid, allowed and recovered, in such and the like manner as the Duties and Drawbacks on the said Goods and Merchandize,

"Sio

C. 84.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

hereby repealed, were or might have been managed, ascertained, raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, allowed and recovered, and under the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Goods and Merchandize were subject and liable to by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act; and all Pains, Penalties, Fines and Forfeitures for any Offences whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall be in full Force and Effect as to the said Duties, and as to all Penalties and Forfeitures under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were at large repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

TABLE (A.)

A TABLE of the Duties of Customs payable on the Importation into Great Britain, from Foreign Parts, of certain Articles of Wood therein enumerated or described, (not being of the ) Production of any Place within the Limits of the Charter granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported from His Majesty's Settlement of the Cape of Good Hope, or the Territories or Dependencies thereof).

Wainscot Boards, the Foot, containing Twelve Ffeet in Length and One Inch in Thickness, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Length or Thickness,

- - Imported in a British built Ship

- - Imported in a Ship not British built Deal Ends, viz.

-  Above Seven Inches in Width, being under Six Feet in Length, and not exceeding Inches in Thickness,

- - Imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - Imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 -

 Above Seven Inches in Width, being under Six Feet in

Length, and exceeding Si Inches in Thickness,

- - Imported in a British built Ship, the 120

- - Imported in a Ship not British built, the 120 -

Mahogany of the Growth of the Island of St. Domingo or Cuba,

the Ton, containing 20 Cwt.

Teak Wood, of the Growth and Production of any British Colony, Plantation, Territory or Possession in Africa, the Load, containing 50 Cubic Feet

Duty.

. s. d.

0 4> 0

0 4 3

6 0 0

6 6 0

!2 0 0

12 12 0

11 17 6

0 10 0

A p '

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 85.

311

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to the assessing, levying and collecting the County Rates.

[2d July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twelfth Year of the 12G. 2. c. 29.

W Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, levying and collecting of County Rates:

And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the 13 G. 2. c. 18.

Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second (amongst other Purposes), for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices of the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late 55 G. 3. c. 51.

Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates: And

Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign 550.3. c. 49. 4 of His said late Majesty, to explain and amend the said last

mentioned Act: Ana Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty 57 G. s. c. 94. 4 seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, to amend

the said last mentioned Act: And Whereas there are several

+Parishes, Townships, Hamlets and Places, situated in and extending into Two or more Counties, Ridings or Divisions, having separate and distinct Commissions of the Peace, Part of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets and other Places being situated in one County, Riding or Division, and other Part or Parts thereof in another County or other Counties, Riding or Ridings, Division or Divisions, and the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments situated in such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or other Places, are rateable to the Relief of the Poor therein, and to the County Rates of the respective Counties, Ridings or Divisions, in which such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments are respectively situated; but the Constables, Churchwardens and Overseers are appointed for the whole of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places, and it frequently happens that such Constables, Churchwardens and Overseers are resident in one Division of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or other Places, and that there are no Constables, Churchwardens or Overseers residing in the other Division thereof, or within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justices making such County Rate or Rates, whereby considerable Difficulties have in such Cases arisen in raising the County Rates in such

Divisions For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and Powers of every the Powers and Provisions, Clauses, Pains, Penalties and rec, ted Acts Forfeitures, given* granted, provided, made or imposed, by the pi^Mwhere said recited Acts or any of them, shall extend, and be deemed, m no construed and taken to extend, to all Cases and Places as aforesaid, separate

X 4 where

312

C. 85.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Churchwardens, &c. or where no separate* or distinct Poor Rate is made for any Place extending into Two or more Counties, &c.

And Constables, &c. liable to the same Penalties for Disobedience of the Orders of Justices, &c.

Justices not to act beyond their Jurisdiction.

56 G. 3. c. 49. 1-

where there are no separate Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor, or where no separate or distinct Rate is made and collected for the Relief of the Poor of any such Division, or Part of any Parish, Township or Place, situated in and extending into Two or more Counties, Ridings or Divisions as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said several Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, were herein and hereby repeated and re-enacted, as to all such Cases and Places as aforesaid; and that from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Constables, Churchwardens and Overseers of any such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or other Places as are situated in and extend into Two or more Counties, Ridings or Divisions, having separate and distinct Commissions of the Peace as aforesaid, shall be subject to the Precepts, Warrants, Orders and Directions of the several Justices of the Peace for the respective Divisions or Parts of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or other Places, so far as the same may relate to the making of the Returns required by the said recited Acts or any of them, and the assessing, levying and collecting of the Proportion of the County Rate for such respective Divisions or Parts of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or other Places, or otherwise to the Execution of the said recited Acts, and of any other Acts relating thereto, within the Parts of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or other Places, as shall be situated within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justices making and issuing such Precepts, Orders, Warrants and Directions, and shall be subject to the same Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for Neglect and Disobedience of the Precepts, Warrants, Orders and Directions of such Justices, so far as the same shall relate to the Matters aforesaid or any of them, or otherwise to the Execution of the said recited Acts or any other Acts relating to the assessing, levying and collecting of the County Rate within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justices making and issuing such Precepts, Warrants, Orders and Directions as such Constables, Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Officers would by the Laws now in force be subject and liable to, if Such Constables, Churchwardens, Overseers or other Officers had resided within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justices making and issuing such Precepts, Warrants, Orders and Directions: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to extend to authorize any Justice or Justices of the Peace to act in the cases aforesaid, or any of them, beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction within which he or they shall be generally appointed and authorized to act as such Justices.

II. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, it was enacted, that all i Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments situate, lying

or being in any extra parochial Place or other Places, whether rated to the Relief of the Poor or not so rated, although the

same might not be deemed rateable to the Relief of the Poor within such extra parochial Places or other Places where no Rate

is made for the Relief of the Poor, should be and the same were thereby declared to be subject to be assessed, taxed and rated,

by and under the Order, Direction and Authority of Justices

of

1 GEO. IV. C. 85.

315

of the Peace, in such and the same manner as the Messuages, 4 Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within any Parishes or Places where a Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor; and that the Justices of the Peace should, in all cases where the same might be necessary, appoint proper Persons within such extra parochial or other Places, as directed in and by the said therein recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for the assessing, taxing and rating such extra parochial

Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and levying, 4 collecting and paying over such Assessments, Taxes or Rates under the Provisions of the said recited Act: And Whereas there are extra parochial and other Places where no Rate is made for the Relief of the Poor, in which there are no Messuages, or no Person or Persons resident proper to be appointed for the assessing, taxing and rating such extra parochial or other Places, and levying, collecting and paying over such Assessments, Taxes or Rates under the Provisions of the said last recited Act; and it is expedient that in those cases the Justices of the Peace should be authorized and empowered, in their Discretion, to appoint proper Persons, who do not reside within such extra parochial or other Places, to assess, tax and rate all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments situated in such extra parochial or other Places; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in and for any County, Riding or Division, shall in all such cases, where they shall deem it necessary, appoint proper Persons within such County, Riding or Division, as directed in and by the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year aforesaid, whether such Persons do or do not reside within such extra parochial or other Place as aforesaid, to assess, tax and rate all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as are situated in such extra parochial or other Places as aforesaid; any thing in the said last recited Act to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And, for the more effectually levying Money assessed for the Purposes aforesaid, be it enacted, That the Goods of any Person assessed, or by the said recited Acts, or this or any of them, made liable to pay the Rates thereby authorized to be raised and levied, or any Proportion thereof, for any County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, and refusing to pay, may be levied by Warrant of Distress, not only in the rlaee for which such Assessment was made, but in any other Place within the same County or Precinct; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the said County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, on Oath made thereof before some Justice of any other County or Precinct (which Oath shall be certified under the Hand of such Justice on the said Warrant) , such Goods may be levied in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, by virtue of such Warrant and Certificate; and if any Person shall find him or herself aggrieved by such Distress as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County or Precinct where such Assessment was made, and the Justices there are hereby required to hear and finally determine the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all cases

where any Penalty

y

In extra parochial Places, where no Poor Rate is made. Justices may appoint Persons not residing there to tax and assess County Rate.

The Goods of Persons liable to pay Rates of this and the said Acts may be seized by Warrant of Distress in any other Place than the Place of Assessment, &c.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Where sufficient Distress

314

C. 85, 86, 87.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

cannot be found in one County, &c. Justices of other Counties, on Oath thereof certified, may indorse the Warrant, and direct Distress to be there levied *

Justices not accountable for Irregularities in respect of grant* ing Warrant.

31 G. S. c. 30.

33 G. 3. c. 65.

Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money may, under or by virtue of the gaid recited Actg or this Act, or any of them, by the Warrant of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, be directed to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, if sufficient Distress cannot be found within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Justice granting such Warrant of Distress, on Oath thereof made by One Witness before any Justice of the Peace of any other County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, (which Oath shall be by him certified by Indorsement on such Warrant,) such Penalty, Forfeiture, Fine or other Money, or so much thereof as may not have been before levied or paid, shall and may, by virtue of such Wairant and Indorsement, be raised and levied by the Person or Persons to whom such Warrant of Distress shall have been originally directed, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons in such other County, Riding, Division, City, Borough, Town Corporate or Place; and the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be applied and disposed of for such Purpose, and in like Manner, as if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons had been found within the Jurisdiction of the Justice originally granting such Warrant; and if no such Distress can be found, such Offender or Offenders shall and may be forthwith proceeded against according to Law.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice who shall endorse any Certificate upon, or authorize the Execution of any such Warrant of Distress, which may not have been granted within his Jurisdiction, shall be answerable or accountable for any Irregularity which may have been committed or done, in or about the obtaining or granting of such Warrant of Distress.

CAP. LXXXVI.

An act for amending an Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, for enabling William Blackall Simonds Esquire, to sell or mortgage his Estate and Interest in the Impropriate Rectory of Caversham, in the County of Oxford, free from the Claims of the Crown.

[2d July 1821.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An act to repeal certain Acts, passed in the Thirty first, Thirty third, Forty fourth and Forty fifth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, Grain, Meal and Flour into and from Great Britain, and to make further Provisions in lieu thereof.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty first Year of

His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the

Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported, and of the Bounty on British Corn exported: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty third Year of His said late Majesty, intituled (An Act to amend an Act made in the Thirty first Year of the

le & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87 *

315

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Payment of the Duty on Foreign Com imported^ and of the Bounty on British Corn exported:" And Whereas an Act was passed in the

Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Com, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon: And

Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty fifth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act,

made in the last Session of Parliament, to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corny and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and that new Provisions should be made in lieu thereof; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Acts shall be, and the same are hereby repealed: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts or Parts of Acts, which shall have been repealed by virtue of any of the above recited Acts, shall still be deemed and taken to be and remain repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act no Corn ground, except Wheat Meal, Wheat 'Flour and Oat Meal, nor any Malt, shall be imported into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, under Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, together with the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall be imported, with her Guns, Furniture, Ammunition, Tackle and Apparel, and the same shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

III. And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for ascertaining the Price of British Com, according to which the Im-

portation into the United Kingdom of Corn, Meal or Flour, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Foreign Country, for the Purpose of Home Consumption, shall be regulated and governed; Be it therefore enacted, That Weekly Returns of Purchases and Sales of such Com shall be made in the manner hereinafter directed, in the following Cities and Towns of England and Wales; that is to say, in

44 G. 3. c. 109.

45 G. 3. c. 86.

repealed.

Corn ground, (Exceptions,) and Malt imported forfeited, together with the Ship, &c.

Appointment of Towns for making Weekly Returns.

London, Chelmsford, Colchester, Romford, Maidstone, Canterbury, Dartford, Chichester, Lewes,

Rye,

Ipswich,

Woodbridge,

Sudbury,

Hadleigh,

Stowmarket,

Bury Saint Edmonds, Beccles,

Bungay,

Lowestoft,

Cambridge,

Ely,

Wisbeach,

Norwich,

Yarmouth,

Lynn,

Thetford,

Watton,

Diss,

East Dereham, Harleston,

Holt,

Aylesham,

Fakenham,

Northwalsham,

Lincoln,

Gainsborough,

Glandfordbridge;

Lowth,

Boston,

Sleaford,

Stamford,

Spalding,

Bridlington,

Beverley,

HoW-

316

C. 87.

A.D. 1821.

Appointment of Receiver of Com Returns.

Receiver's

Oath.

i&2 GEO. IV.

Howden,

Hull,

Whitby,

New Malton, Durham,

Stockton,

Darlington,

Sunderland,

Barnard Castle, Walsingham,

Belford,

Hexham,

Newcastle-upon-Tyne

Morpeth,

Alnwick,

Berwick-upon-Tweed

Carlisle,

Whitehaven,

Cockermouth,

Penrith,

Appleby,

Kirkby-in-Kendal,

Liverpool,

Ulverton,

Lancaster,

Preston,

Wigan,

Warrington,

Manchester,

Bolton,

Chester,

Nantwich,

Middlewick,

Four Lane Ends, Holywell,

Mold,

Denbigh,

Wrexham,

Llanrwst,

Ruthin,

Beaumaris,

Llannerchymed,

Amlwk,

Carnarvon,

Pwhelli,

Conway,

Bala,

Corwen,

Dalgelly,

Cardigan,

Lampeter,

Aberystwith,

Pembroke,

Fishguard,

Haverfordwest,

Carmarthen,

Llandilo,

Kidwelly,

Swansea,

Neath,

Cowbridge,

Gloucester,

Cirencester,

Tetbury,

Stow-on-the-Wold,

Tewkesbury,

Bristol,

Taunton,

Wells,

Bridgewater,

Frome,

Chard,

Monmouth,

Abergavenny,

Chepstow,

Pontypoel,

Exeter,

Barnstaple,

Plymouth,

Totness,

Tavistock,

Kingsbridge,

Truro,

Bodmin,

Launceston,

Redruth,

Helstone,

Saint Austell,

Bland ford,

Bridport,

Dorchester,

Sherborne,

Shaston,

War eh am,

Winchester,

Andover,

Basingstoke,

Fareham,

Havant,

Newport, Ringwood, Southampton and Portsmouth.

And, for the Purpose of duly collecting and transmitting such Weekly Returns, there shall be appointed in each of the said Cities and Towns, in manner hereinafter directed, a fit and proper Person to be Inspector of Corn Returns.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Lords of the Committee or Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations, shall from time to time appoint a fit and proper Person, to be called " Receiver of Corn Returns," to whom the said Inspectors shall transmit such Returns of the Prices of British Corn, in manner hereinafter directed, with such Salary and Allowances as shall be deemed by the said Committee to be a just and reasonable Compensation for his Time and Labour in executing the said Office; and the said Receiver shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to obey such Instructions, with respect to the due Execution of the Laws relating to the Trade in Corn, as he shall from time to time receive from the Lords of the said Committee.

V. And be it further enacted, That such Receiver of Corn Re-

15 turns.

317

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87.

fwna, before he enters on the Execution of his Office, shall take the following Oath, videlicet,

I A.B. do swear, That I will, to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the Office of Receiver of Corn Returns, according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled

[here set forth the Title of this Act], and in all Things conform myself, as Receiver of Com Returns, to the Provisions of the said Act. '

Which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex is hereby empowered and required to administer.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Receiver to said Receiver of Corn Returns to send by the Post, to any Part of "nd an<l rathe United Kingdom, any Papers relating to the Business of this Act, which shall be signed by him on the Outside thereof, free  from the Duty of Postage; and to- receive all his Letters and Packets from the Inspectors, appointed by virtue of this Act, and from the Clerks of the Peace in the several Counties of England and Wales, and from the Collectors and other Chief Officers of the Customs, at the respective Ports of the United Kingdom, and from the Mayors or other Chief Officers of the Cities and Towns within named or to be named as aforesaid, on the Business in which he is employed, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, free from the Duty of Postage, such Letters and Packets so sent or received being certified on the Outside thereof to be on the Business of this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty's Post- Treble Postage masters General, his Secretary or other Officer especially authorized 0, 1 letter* sent by him, to examine and search all such Letters and Packets, and to coatra*yto Act* charge with Treble Postage any Letter or Paper therein contained contrary to the Provisions of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Inspector of Com Re- Appointment turns for the City of London shall be appointed in the manner of London In-hereinafter directed; that is to say, the several Proprietors of the Corn

Corn Exchange in Mark Lane shall and they are hereby authorized and required to meet, and under their Hands and Seals nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not being a Corn Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or other Person, buying Com for Sale, or for the Sale of Malt, Meal or Flour, made thereof,) to be Inspector of Corn Returns, and so from time to time within Twenty eight Days after the Deatji, Removal or Resignation of any such Inspector, to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid to be Inspector of Cora Returns; and every such Inspector shall, Security by and he is hereby required, within One Week after he has received Inspector, his Appointment, to deliver the same to the Lord Mayor, or one of the Aldermen of the said City, and then enter into a Bond to the Lord Mayor of the City of London, with Two sufficient Sureties, to be approved of by the Lord Mayor or the said Alderman, in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, for the faithful accounting for and Payment of all Monies that shall come to his Hands, by virtue of this Act; and he shall at the same time take the following Oath; Inspector to which Oath the said Lord Mayor or One of the said Aldermen is take the follow-hereby authorized and empowered to administer: in Oath *

I A.B. do swear, That I will at all Times make due and true

Returns to the Receiver of Com Returns, appointed by virtue

of

e

318

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Appointment and Certificate of Oath inrolled at Session of Peace for London. Officewf Inspector.

In case of Neglect to. appoint Inspector as above directed, the Lord Mayor, &c. empowered so to do.

Persons not eligible.

Power to Lord Mayor and Aldermen to remove London I nspcctor.

In case of Inspector being disabled by Sickness, a Deputy may be appointed.

C. 87.

of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act], 1 and m all Things, to the best of my Skill and Judgment, conform myself as Inspector of Com Returns to the Directions of the said Act. '

And the said Appointment, and also a Certificate of his having taken such Oath, shall be delivered by the Lord Mayor or the said Alderman, at the next Session of the Peace for the said City, and shall be then and there enrolled; and the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall, and they are hereby required from time to time to provide, out of the Monies arising from the Estates belonging to them as Proprietors of the Corn Exchange, a proper and convenient Office, either within the Corn Exchange, or as near thereunto as may be, for the Use and Accommodation of the said Inspector of Corn Returns, wherein all Books, Papers and Returns belonging to such Inspector shall be deposited, and over which shall be written, in legible Characters," Office of Inspector of Cora Returns."

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Proprietors, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect, within the respective Times hereinbefore mentioned, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person to be Inspector of Cora Returns, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, and they are hereby required, at the Sessions of the Peace that shall next immediately be held after such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, or at an Adjournment of the same, to be held within One Week thereafter for that Purpose, or at some subsequent Sessions, to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not being a Miller, Maltster, Corn Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or other Person, buying Cora for Sale, or for tie Sale of Meal, Flour or Malt made thereof,) to be Inspector of Corn Returns; which Appointment shall be then and there enrolled, and the Person so appointed shall then take the Oath before directed, and a Certificate of his having taken such Oath shall then and there be enrolled, and he shall, within Three Days at least after such Appointment, give Bond in the Manner and Form before required.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have befen appointed as aforesaid to the said Office of Inspector of Cora Returns shall be removeable therefrom, except on Complaint of Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty in his Office, made at the Sessions of the Peace holden for the said City, and then and there heard and adjudged, in which case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Aldermen, if they shall see good Cause for the same, to remove such Person from his Office, and they shall thereupon signify such Removal to the Secretary of the Cora Exchange for the Time being, or to some one of the Proprietors of the same as aforesaid, who shall forthwith proceed to nominate and appoint a new Inspector in manner hereinbefore directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Inspector of Corn Returns shall be disabled by Sickness for the Space of One Week, to execute the Duties of his Office, and the same shall be signified to the Secretary of the Cora Exchange, or any one of the Proprietors thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors or the major Part of them, and, in case of their Neglect or

_____i Refusal,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87.

319

Refusal, for the Lord Mayor of the said City, and he or they is and are hereby required in like Manner to nominate and appoint a fit and proper Person (not being a Miller, Maltster, Corn Factor,

Merchant, Clerk, Agent or.other Person buying Com for Sale, or

for the Sale of Meal, Flour or Malt made thereof,) to be Deputy,

and to execute the Office of Inspector during the Disability of such Inspector by Sickness, and no longer; which Appointment shall in who is to give like Manner be enrolled, and the Deputy so appointed shall in like Security and Manner enter into a Bond and take the Oath, and a Certificate of take the Oath.

his having so taken the Oath shall in like Manner be enrolled, as

is hereinbefore directed with regard to the Inspector of Corn Returns.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Corn Factor carrying Corn Factors on his Trade or Business in the City of London, or in the Suburbs in London to thereof, shall, w ithin One Month after this Act shall have been in

force, make a Declaration in the Form following; that is to say,

J A.B. do hereby declare, That the Returns of the Quantities Form.

and Prices of British Corn, which henceforward shall be by or for me sold and delivered, shall, to the best of my Knowledge

and Belief, contain the whole' Quantity, and no more, of the

Corn bona fide sold and delivered by or for me within the Period to which they shall refer, with the Prices of. such Corn and the Names of the Buyers respectively, and of the Persons for whom such Corn shall have been sold by me respectively, and to the best of my Judgment conformable to the Directions of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act]. '

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and shall be subscribed Declaration

with the Hand of such Corn Factor, and shall be by him or his subscribed and

Agent forthwith delivered to the Lord Mayor of the City of London

for the Time being, who is hereby required to grant a Certificate y

thereof, to be registered by the Inspector of Corn Returns; and in

case any Person shall carry on the Trade or Business of a Com

Factor, without making the said Declaration, agreeably to the

Directions of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the

Sum of Fifty Pounds. Penalty, 5oL

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Corn Factor Corn Factors shall, and he is hereby required to return or cause to be returned in London to on the Wednesday in each and every Week, to the said Inspector Weekly of Corn Returns, an Account in Writing, signed with his own Name

or the Name of his known Agent, of the Quantities of each re- to

spective Sort of British Corn so by him sold and delivered during inspector.

the Week, with the Prices thereof the Amount of every Parcel,

with the total Quantity and Value of each Son of Corn, and by

what Measure or Weight the same was sold, with the Names of

the Buyers "thereof; and of the Persons for whom such Corn shall

have been sold by him respectively, in Default whereof every such

Corn Factor shall for every such Neglect forfeit and pay the Sum

of Ten Pounds. Penalty, 101.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspector of Inspector to Com Returns shall duly and regularly enter in a Book or Bopks, to enter cpm be provided and kept for that Purpose, the several Accounts of Jhe Quantities and Prices of such Corn received by him from the re- urnsm* 00

spective

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

Appointment of Country Inspector!.

Vacancies how filled up.

Appointment of Country Inspectors for Cities, &c. that are Counties of themselves.

Vacancies how filled up.

Power to remove Country Inspectors;

C. 87.

A.D. 1821.

spective Corn Factors, and shall transmit a Copy thereof weekly to the said Receiver of Corn Returns.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for the several and respective Counties, Ridings or Divisions thereof, in which the several Cities and Towns, from which Returns of the Prices of Corn shall be required by virtue of this Act, are situated, (the City of London excepted,) shall and they are hereby authorized and required at the next Quarter Sessions held nearest to each said Market Town after the passing of this Act, to appoint such Person as to them shall appear best qualified for that Purpose, within their respective Jurisdictions, (not being a Miller, Maltster, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or other Person buying Corn for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, Malt or Bread made thereof,) residing within or near each and every of the said Cities or Towns, except such Cities or Towns as are Counties of themselves, or as have or enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction, and which do not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding or Division in which they are situated, to collect weekly an Account of the Prices and Quantities of the several Sorts of British Com sold and delivered in such City or Town; and the Person so to be appointed shall be called Inspector of Com Returns for such City or Town; and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the same manner from time to time, upon the Death, Removal or Resignation of any such Inspector, at their next ensuing Sessions of the Peace, or at some subsequent Sessions, to appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid, to be Inspector of Cora Returns for such City or Town.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor or other Chief Officer, and the Justices of the Peace of every such City or Town as is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction, and which doth not contribute to the Rate of the County, Riding or Division in which it is situated, (the City of London excepted,) shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the General Quarter Sessions of such City or Town respectively, or at any Adjournment thereof, in like manner to appoint such Person as to them shall appear best qualified for that Purpose, (not being a Miller, Maltster, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or other Person buying Com for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, Malt or Bread made thereof,) residing within or near such City or Town, to collect weekly an Account of the Prices and Quantities of the several Sorts of British Corn sold and delivered in such City or Town; and the Person so to be appointed shall be called Inspector of Corn Returns for such City or Town; and the said Mayor or other Chief Officer and Justices shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, in the same manner from time to time, upon the Death, Removal or Resignation of any such Inspector, to appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid to be Inspector of Cora Returns for such City or Town.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the Peace, and the said Mayor or other Chief Magistrate and Justices of the Peace; of every such City or Town before mentioned as is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, shall, at their respective Quarter Sessions, or at any Adjournment thereof, have Power to remove any Inspector, appointed as

10

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87.

321

aforesaid, for Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, on Complaint being made before them, on Oath, of such Misbehaviour or Neglect of Duty, by any One credible Witness, which Oath such Justices and Mayor or other Chief Officer are and is hereby authorized to administer, or on like Complaint made in Writing, and signed by the said Receiver of Com Returns to be appointed by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that in case the Death or Resignation of any such Inspector shall happen at any time previous to the holding such Quarter Sessions, it shall be lawful for Two Justices of the Peace acting for such County, Riding or Division, or for the Mayor or other Chief Officer of such City or Town as is a County of itself, or has or enjoys an exempt Jurisdiction as aforesaid, to appoint some other fit and proper Person as aforesaid and 40 appoint in the Place of such Inspector so dying or resigning; which Person others* shall execute the Office of Inspector of Corn Returns until the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person so ap- Oath of pointed Inspector of Corn Returns as aforesaid, shall, previous to Countl7 his taking upon him the said Office, take and subscribe, before any Inspectors# one Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Town where he shall reside, the following Oath, (or being of the People called Quakers, affirm,) which Oath or Affirmation such Quakers. Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer; videlicet,

J A.B. do swear, [or, affirm,] That I will at all Times make Form.

due and true Returns to the Receiver of Corn Returns, appointed by virtue of an Act passed in the Second Year of the

Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here set forth the

Title of this Act], of the weekly Quantities and Prices of

British Com in the [City or Town] of, according

to the Accounts delivered to me by the several Dealers in Corn in the said City or Town; and that I will use my best Endeavours

to procure true Accounts of such Quantities and Prices from such Dealers; and in all Things, to the best of my Skill and

Judgment, conform myself, as Inspector of Com Returns, to the Directions of the said Act. '

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon a& Inspectors of Com Returns shall have been appointed in manner hereinbefore mentioned, all Millers, Maltsters, Factors, Merchants, Clerks, Agents and other Persons, being Dealers in Com for Sale, or for the Sole of Meal, Flour, Malt or Bread made thereof, shall and they are hereby required to return, or cause to be returned, to the said Inspector of Com Returns for the City or Town whereat they shall respectively buy any Corn, an Account in Writing, signed with their own Name, of the Amount of each and every Parcel of each respective Sort of British Corn, and the Price thereof, and by what Weight or Measure the same was so bought by them during the Week, on the First Market Day in the Week then next ensuing, and the Names of the Sellers of each of the said Parcels respectively; and in case of any such Parcels of Com being bought or sold by any Miller, Maltster, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or Person being a Dealer for or on account of any other Person, then the Names of -such other Persons, and also of the Buyers thereof; in default whereof, every such Miller,

1 & 2 Geo. IV. Y Maltster,

Country Dealers in Corn to make Returns to Inspectors.

322

[Penalty.]

Country Dealers to make Declaration.

Form.

To be delivered to Magistrate.

Buying without Declaration, &c.

[Penalty.]

Inspectors to enter Returns in a Book, and return a Weekly Ac-oount to Receiver.

Penalty 101.

Inspectors to put up Returns in Market Place, &c.

C. 87. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Maltster, Factol *, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or other Person, being a Dealer in Corn as aforesaid, shall for, every such Neglect forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor leas than Forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Maltster, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or other Person, being a Dealer in Com for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, Malt or Bread made thereof, shall, within One Calendar Month from the Time he shall begin to deal in Com in any City or Town before mentioned, make Declaration in the Fomi following:

I A.B. do hereby declare. That the Returns of the Quantities

and Prices of British Com, which henceforward shall be

bought by me, together with the Names of the Persons from whom I shall make such Purchases, shall, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, be true and just, and to the best of my Judgment conformable to the Directions of an Act passed in

the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Fourth, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act] '

Which Declaration shall be in Writing, and shall be subscribed with the Hand of such Miller, Maltster, Factor, Merchant, Clerk, Agent or other Person, being a Dealer in Com for Sale, or for the Sale of Meal, Flour, Malt or Bread made thereof, and shall be by them, or their Agents respectively, forthwith delivered to the Chief Magistrate or each such City or Town, or to' the nearest Justice of the Peace for the respective County, Riding, Division, City or Town, who are hereby required to certify the same to, and such Certificate is hereby required to be filed by, the Clerk of the Peace for the County, Riding or Division, or by the Town Clerk of such City or Town respectively, who are also hereby required to notify the same to the Receiver of Corn, Returns in London; and in case any Person shall buy Corn of any Sort for Sale as aforesaid, without having made the said Declaration, or shall wilfully make a false Return of the Quantities and Prices, such Person shall, for every such Neglect and for every such false Return, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every such Inspector shall duly and regularly enter in a Book to be provided and kept for that Purpose, the several Accounts of the Quantities and Prices of Com returned to him by the respective Dealers as aforesaid; and every such Inspector shall return to the Receiver of Com Returns, appointed by virtue of this Act, on the Tuesday in each Week, an Account of the Weekly Quantities and Prices of the several Sorts of British Com sold in the City or Town for which he is appointed Inspector, according to the Returns so made to him as aforesaid, in such Form and according to such Directions as he shall from time to time receive from the Receiver of Com Returns, on pain of forfeiting for every such Neglect the Sum of Ten Pounds; which Account shall be lodged with and remain in the Custody of the said Receiver of Com Returns, for the Purposes of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Inspector of Com Returns shall, and he is hereby required, on each and every Market Day to put up, or cause to be put up in the Market

Place

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87.

323

Inspectors.

Place of the City or Town for which he shall be appointed Inspector, (or if there shall be no Market Place in such City or Town, in some other conspicuous Place therein,) a Copy of the last Return made by him to the Receiver of Corn Returns in London, omitting the Names of the Parties who may have sold the said Corn or Grain; and that each and every such Inspector shall also again put up such Account on the Market Day immediately following that on which it shall first have been put up, in case the same shall from Accident or other Cause have been removed, and shall take due Care that the same shall remain up for public Inspection, until a new Account for the ensuing Week shall have been prepared and put up.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Inspectors, as Inspection of well in London as in all other Cities and Towns in which, by virtue Book* of of this Act, Inspectors may be appointed, shall and may, upon Application made to them to that Effect, allow the Entries made in such Book to be inspected, subject to such Regulations and Directions as the said Inspectors may from time to time receive from the Receiver of Corn Returns, under the Authority of the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations; provided, however, that the Person so applying shall be Proviso, permitted only to examine the Entry of any Return of British Corn bought or sold, which he shall himself have either bought or sold.

XXIII. And Whereas a certain Time must necessarily be re-

quired after the passing of this Act for the Purpose of selecting

and appointing the Inspectors or other Officers to be appointed

by virtue of this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That all In- Inspector*and spectors or other Persons who at the passing of this Act shall acting hold Appointments and discharge any Duties required of them by AcfTtoron^ the Laws in force previous to the passing of this Act, shall and tinuetodis-they are hereby authorized and required to proceed forthwith to charge their discharge the Duties required of them by this Act, iiv the same Duties till manner as if they had been appointed under the Provisions of other APPoint-this Act, and shall receive the Remuneration granted by this Act mentsaremade* to the Inspectors of Corn Returns, until new Appointments shall have been made in the manner required by this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Receiver of Com Returns shall and he is hereby required, at the End of C0 Return* every Week, to make up from the Returns received by him in the 40 ent?r Week immediately preceding, in pursuance of the Directions of *"nj . this Act, an Account of the total Quantities and Prices of each iish in London respective Sort of British Com, of the Sales of which Returns Gazette, shall have been made to him by the said Inspectors of Corn Returns; and the said Receiver is hereby required to enter the samO in a Book, and to publish the said Accounts every Week in the London Gazette, in such Form and Manner ab shall be directed by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council, appointed for the Consideration of all Matters relating to Trade and Foreign Plantations.

XXV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year 55 G. 3. c. as.

of the Reign of Jlis late Majesty King George the Third, inti- I 5.

tuled An Act to amend the Lotus now tn force for regulating the

Y, 2 Import-

324

C. 87.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Mode of computing aggregate Average Trices to govern Importation.

Receiver of Com Returns to enter and publish aggregate Average lVices in the Gazette, &c.

Ports of Isle of Man, See. to be shut and opened at same time with English Ports.

Importation of Com, certain Provisions were made for regulating the Price at which Foreign Corn, Meal and Flour should thereafter be permitted to be imported into the United Kingdom, or be taken out of the Warehouse for Home Consumption Be it enacted, That the Average Prices of all British Corn, by which the Importation of Foreign Com, Meal or Flour for Home Consumption shall in future be regulated, shall be made up and computed at Four Quarterly Periods in each and every Year, in manner following; (that is to say,) the said Receiver of Com Returns shall within Seven Days after the Fifteenth Day of February, the Fifteenth Day of May, the Fifteenth Day of August, and the Fifteenth Dav of November in each Year, add together the total Quantities of each Sort of British Corn, and also the total Prices for which the same were sold, as shall appear from the Returns received by the said Receiver of Com Returns in the Six last Weeks immediately preceding the said Fifteenth Day of February, Fifteenth Day of May, Fifteenth Day of August, and Fifteenth Day of November in each Year, and shall divide the said total Prices by the said total Quantities of each respective Sort of Corn, and the Sum produced thereby shall be deemed and taken to be the aggregate Average Price of each such Sort of Corn, in and for the Six Weeks immediately preceding the before mentioned Periods respectively, by which the Importation of Foreign Com, Meal and Flour for Home Consumption, or the taking out the same from the Warehouse for Home Consumption, shall be governed and regulated in the United Kingdom.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver of Corn Returns shall enter the said Accounts of the Aggregate Average Prices of each Sort of British Cora in a Book, as soon as he shall have made up and computed the same in the manner hereinbefore directed, and shall at the same Time cause the same to be published in the London Gazette, and shall transmit a Certificate thereof to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at each of the several Ports in Great Britain, and to the Commissioners of Customs in Ireland, who are hereby required forthwith to transmit Copies thereof to the Collectors or other Chief Officers of the Customs in the several Ports in Ireland; and the Importation of each Sort of Foreign Com, Meal and Flour for Home Consumption, in the United Kingdom, and the taking the same out of Warehouse for the Purpose of being so consumed, shall be governed and regulated by the said aggregate Average Prices, until new Average Prices shall, under the Provisions of the said above recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of His said late Majesty, or under the Provisions of this Act, be made up and computed, and a Certificate thereof be received by such Collectors or other Chief Officers.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Ports of the United Kingdom shall be shut against the Importation of Foreign Com, Meal or Flour for Home Consumption, the Ports in the Isle of Man, and in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney and Sark, shall in like manner be shut against the Importation of such Foreign Com, Meal or Flour for Horae Consumption; and that whenever any such Foreign Com, Meal or Flour shall be permitted to be imported into the Ports of the

United

by 1C

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87.

325

Receiver of Corn Return* in Londou to transmit a Quarterly Certificate of Average Prices to Collectors of Customs, by which Importation to be

United Kingdom for Home Consumption, Foreign Corn, Meal or Flour, may in like manner be imported into the Ports of the Isle of Many and of the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey9 Alderney and Sarky for Home Consumption.

XXVIII. And in order that due Notice may be given of the opening or shutting of the Ports of the United Kingdom, for the Purposes above stated; Be it further enacted, That the Receiver of Corn Returns in London shall, and he is hereby required within Seven Days after the Fifteenth Day of November, the Fifteenth Day of February, the Fifteenth Day of May, and the Fifteenth Day of August in each and every Year, transmit to the Collectors or Chief Officers of the Customs in the Ports of the said Islands respectively, a Certificate of the Average Prices of British Corn, made up and computed in the manner hereinbefore required; and

such Collector or other Chief Officer shall cause the same to be__________

put up in some conspicuous Place in the Custom House; and the regulated. Importation of Foreign Corn, Meal and Flour into the Ports of the said Islands shall be governed and regulated by such Average Prices, until new Average Prices shall in like manner be made up and transmitted to such Collectors or other Chief Officers, and be by them received.

XaIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Inspectors appointed for the several Cities and Towns named or to be named by virtue of this Act, shall not ingDectorg admit ihto the Returns to be by them made to the Receiver of intoRcturn *, Corn Returns in London, of the Quantities and Value of Corn sold unless on Proof in the said Cities and Towns respectively, any Account of Sales or Purchases of Corn which shall be tendered to them by the Dealers or other Persons required by Law to deliver in such Accounts, unless such Inspectors shall respectively have received satisfactory Proof that the Person or Persons tendering such Account shall have made the Declaration required by Law, at least One Calendar Month previous to the Sale or Purchase referred to in such Accounts,

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Justices of the Peace in any of the Counties, Ridings or Divisions, in which any of the Cities dr Towns mentioned in this Act are situated, shall think it necessary or expedient that any Alterations should be made in the List of Cities and Towns hereinbefore specified, from which Returns of the Prices of British Corn are to be made, or that any such City or Town should be struck out of the said Lists, or that any other City or Town should be inserted in lieu thereof or in addition thereto, and shall direct a Representation to be made to His Majesty for the above Purpose, it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council to direct such Alteration, Addition or Omission to be made accordingly: Provided nevertheless, that no Proviso, such City or Town shall be added to the said List, unless the same be situated in some County, Riding or Division, in which one or more of the Cities or Towns mentioned in this Act are situated.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any City or Town shall be added to the List contained in this Act, from which Returns of Corn are to be made, the Justices of ttte Peace for the County, Riding or Division in which such City or Town shall be situated, or the Mayor or other Chief Officer thereof, if such

Y 3 _ City

No Account of Sales admitted by

that Dealer has previously made the Declaration.

Power to His Majesty in Council to alter, add to or omit Towns which are to make Returns.

In case any Town shall be added to the List in this Act, Justices, &c. to appoint an Inspector.

S26

l8 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Returns from Two Thirds of the Towns sufficient

British Com brought into the Iuver Thames charged Id. i>er Last; Foreign Corn, 2d.

Corn Factor to give to Corn Inspector an Account of Quantity sold, &c.

Account of Monies received by Inspector delivered to Lord Mayor, &c. twice a Year. Salary to Inspector, &c.

Deduction.

C. 87.

City or Town shall have or enjoy an exempt Jurisdiction, shall and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith to appoint an Inspector of Corn Returns for such City or Town, in like manner as is required by this Act, with respect to the Appointment of Inspectors of the other Cities and Towns named in this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Returns conformable to the Directions of this Act shall be made to the Receiver of Corn Returns, from not less than Two Thirds of the Cities and Towns from which such Returns are required to be made, such Number of Returns made conformable to the Directions of this Act shall be deemed to be sufficient for forming the aggregate Average Prices by such Receiver of Com Returns, for the Purpose of governing and regulating the Importation of Foreign Corn, Meal and Flour, or the taking of the same out of Warehouse for Home Consumption in the United Kingdom.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all British Com that shall be brought into the River Thames, Eastward of London Bridge, and shall be sold and delivered, shall be charged with the Sum of One Penny per Last or Ten Quarters; and that all Foreign Com, when delivered out of any Ship or Vessel in the Port of London, shall be charged with a Sum of Two Pence per Last or Ten Quarters; and that it shall be lawful for the Inspector of Com Returns for the City of London to demand, collect and receive the same, from every Corn Factor or Importer of Com respectively, on whose Account such British or Foreign Corn shall be sold and delivered, or shall be delivered out of the Ship or Vessel in which the same shall have been imported, as the case may be; and that the Corn Factor or Importer shall deliver a full and true Account of the Quantity of the said Com, to the Com Inspector, within One Week after the Sale and Delivery thereof, or the Delivery thereof from the Ship or Vessel, with the Name of the Master or Commander of such Ship or Vessel.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That an Account of the Monies so received by the said Inspector of Com Returns, or the Deputy then executing the said Office during any such Disability, by Sickness as aforesaid, twice in every Year; (that is to say,) at the Quarter Sessions holden for the City of London next after Christmas and Midsummer, shall be stated and delivered by him to the Lord Mayor and Aldermen then and there assembled; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, and they are hereby authorized and required, under their Hands and Seals, to empower the said Inspector of Com Returns, out of the said Sum and Sums so received, to retain and apply to his own Use and Benefit any Sum not exceeding the Rate of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, nor less than One hundred Pounds per Annum, from which said Sum shall always be first deducted such Sum as shall by the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen be directed and ordered, (which Order and Direction they are hereby empowered to make,) to be paid to or retained by any Deputy or Deputies then executing, or who have or hath executed, the said Office during any such Disability by Sickness as aforesaid; and such Part of the Residue or Overplus of the Monies

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87. 327

so collected and received shall be paid over without Delay to such Application of of the Proprietors of the said Estate of the Corn Exchange as Residue of manage and regulate the same as aforesaid, to the Use and Benefit co "

of the said Estate, as shall be sufficient to repay thereunto all such Monies as may have been therefrom issued or expended, in providing, completing and keeping in Repair such Apartment or Office; and the Remainder thereof (if any) shall be paid to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Customs; and after such Payment made, the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or any Deputy executing such Office as aforesaid, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Successors, shall be for ever discharged and exonerated.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Lord Mayor, the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, at any Sessions holden in the &c*in Sessions Months of April, July, October and January yearly, for the said

City, to inquire into and examine the said Inspector of Com Re- wh^erPerswis turns, or the Deputy then executing the said Office as aforesaid, have neglected and he is hereby required to declare and make known, whether to pay Dues; any of the said Corn Factors or Importers as aforesaid have *"d "T "5Ue neglected or refused to pay and discharge (the same having been demanded) any Sum or Sums of Money from him due and owing, y on account of the said Penny charged on British Corn, or Two Pence on Foreign Corn per Last, by him so sold and delivered, or so imported, a6 the case may be; and in case the same shall, upon due Proof and Hearing, appear to the Satisfaction of the Court, then it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor, or any Two Aldermen, by Warrant of Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, to cause to be levied such Sum of Money as shall be thereupon due and owing; and after rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Party whose Goods shall be so distrained and sold, (the Charges of such Distress and Sale being first deducted,) the Money so levied shall be paid over to the said Inspector of Corn Returns, or his Deputy then executing the said Office, to be accounted for as herein directed and required.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Inspectors ap- Payment of pointed in pursuance of this Act, for the several Cities and Towns Country In-therein mentioned, (the City of London excepted,) shall be paid H>ectors* Quarterly, by the Collector or other Chief officer of His Majesty's Customs.or Excise in each of the said Towns respectively, such

a Sum for each Return made by such Inspectors as shall appear

to the said Magistrates or Mayors, or other Chief Officers, to be

a fit and reasonable Allowance to such Inspector for the Discharge

of his Duties, under the Provisions of this Act; provided that the

total Amount of such Allowance shall in no case exceed the yearly

Sam of Thirty Pounds, to each Inspector; and provided further, On Certificate

that the Receiver of Com Returns shall have certified to the said of Receiver of

Collector or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Coni Retunw-

Excise, previous to the Payment of such Allowance, that the

Returns for which such Allowance is claimed by the Inspectors

have been properly made, which Certificate the said Receiver is

hereby required to make and transmit Quarterly; and provided Inspectorfirst

also, that before any such Payment shall be made to any such Inspector, he shall have produced his Book, containing the Entries from

of the several Returns received by him from the Demers in Corn, Com Dealer*.

to

328

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Corn to be measured by Winchester Bushel. Standards provided iu Towns, &c.

How Computations by Measure made.

Makingfraudu-lent Returns by Factors or Dealers.

[Penalty.]

How Inspector suspecting is to act.

Inspectors to make and exhibit in the Market a Coin-

C. 87.

to a General or Petty Sessions, in order that the same may be examined, and if approved, be signed by the Magistrates thereat, a Certificate of which Approbation shall also be signed by the said Magistrates, and be delivered in Duplicate to the said inspector, one Copy thereof to be produced by him to the said Collector, or other Chief Officer of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, and the other Copy to be transmitted to the Receiver of Corn Returns in London.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Bushel by which all Corn shall be measured and computed, in pursuance of the Directions of this Act, shall be the Winchester Bushel, and that a Quarter shall be deemed to consist of Eight such Bushels; and that the said Justices of the Peace for each County, Riding and Division, and the Mayor or other Chief Officer of the Cities or Towns which are Counties of themselves, or have or enjoy exempt or peculiar Jurisdiction, shall cause a Standard Winchester Bushel to be provided and kept in each City and Town, from which any Returns of the Prices of Com are by this Act directed to be made; and that all Computations by Measure, to be made for the Purposes of this Act, be made by the stricken and not by the heaped Bushel; and that in all cases where Com shall be sold by Weight, Fifty seven Pounds Avoirdupoise of Wheat shall be deemed equal to every such Winchester Bushel of Wheat, and that Fifty five Avoirdupoise Pounds of Rye shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Rye, and that Forty nine Avoirdupoise Pounds of Barley shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Barley, and that Forty two Avoirdupoise Pounds of Beer or Bigg shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Beer or Bigg, and that Thirty eight Avoirdupoise Pounds of Oats shall be deemed equal to every such Bushel of Oats.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Factor or Dealer as aforesaid shall make a false Return to any of the said Inspectors, or shall in any way endeavour to make the Amount of Corn or Grain sold or bought by him appear to be either more or less than the true bona fide Amount of the said Corn or Grain, according to the Winchester Bushel as aforesaid, every such Factor or Dealer shall for every such false Return forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Founds nor less than Forty Shillings; and whenever any of the said Inspectors shall have reason to believe that any such Factor or Dealer has made a false Return, or has endeavoured to make the Amount of the Corn or Grain sold or bought by him appear to be either mere or less than the true bona fide Amount of the said Corn or Grain, according to the Winchester Bushel as aforesaid, such Inspector shall notify the same to the Receiver of Com Returns at the time that he makes his Return; and the said Receiver of Corn Returns is hereby authorized and required to strike out of the said Return the Amount and Price of any such Corn or Grain as aforesaid, and shall not admit the same into any Account or Average which he may make up under the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Inspector of Corn Returns shall and he is hereby authorized and required to make a Comparison between the Winchester Measure and the Measure or Measures commonly used in the City or Town for

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87. 329

which he is appointed Inspector; and within One Month after parison of his Appointment, to cause a Statement in Writing of such Com- Measure *, parison to be hung up in some conspicuous Place in the Market and Town Hall of such City or Town, and from time to time renew the same if it shall become defaced or illegible, and shall return a Copy of the same to the Receiver of Corn Returns.

XL. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Proviso for tained shall extend to alter the present Practice of measuring pent manner Corn, or any of the Articles aforesaid, to be shipped from or to Com^in be landed in the Port of London, but that the same shall be London* " measured by the Sworn Meters appointed for that Purpose, by

whose Certificate the Searchers or other proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs are hereby empowered and required to certify the Quantity of Corn or other Articles as aforesaid so shipped or' landed; and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to *nd for Tolls, lessen or take away the Tolls or Duties due and payable to the duet the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or , ty# to the Mayor of the said City for the time being.

XLI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fifth Year ss & c*26 *

of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend the 1#

+Laws now in force for regulating the Importation of Corn, it is enacted, that Corn, Meal or Flour, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Foreign Country, which may by Law be imported into the United Kingdom, shall and may at all times be allowed to be brought to the said United Kingdom, and be warehoused there under the Regulations and Provisions of the Laws in force relating to Corn, without Payment of any Duty whatever, and not taken out but under the Regulations and Provisions required by Law: And Whereas considerable Quantities of Corn, Meal and Flour have been imported and warehoused under the Regulations of the before recited Act,

and Frauds may be committed in procuring Corn, Meal or Flour to be taken out of Warehouses contrary to the before recited

Act Be it therefore enacted, That no Com, Meal or Flour No Com, &c.

shall be permitted to be taken out of the Warehouse or Ware- *ken out of hduses in which the same shall have been warehoused, until the.

Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such Ware- ."to15

house or Warehouses shall enter into Bond, with Two sufficient M herein men-Sureties to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum tioned.

of Two thousand Pounds, with Condition that no such Com, Meal or Flour shall be taken out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, otherwise than under the Regulations and Provisions now by Law in force.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That' the Proprietor or Pro- Proprietor or prietors, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Warehouse or Warehouses, Occupier of in which any Com, Meal or Flour, which shall hereafter be ware- Warehouseto housed under the Regulations of the before recited Act, shall enter into Bond, with Two sufficient Sureties to His Majesty, tioned.

His Heirs and Successors, in the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, with Condition that no such Cora, Meal or Flour, shall be taken out of such Warehouse, otherwise than under the Regulations and Provisions now by Law in force: Provided always, that Bond Proviso, as hereinbefore required shall not have been already entered into

by

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

Officer of Customs lo take Samples of Corn warehoused, and to compare with Corn taken out.

Obstructing Officers herein, Penalty 2001.

Com before taken out of Warehouses to be remeasured, &c.

Former Acts for securing Revenue of Customs, &c. to continue in force.

Exception.

No Fee on taking Oath or Declaration.

How Penalties to be recovered,

C. 87-

A.D. 1821.

by the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such Warehouse or Warehouses.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to take a Sample, not exceeding Half a Peck, from the Bulk of each Importation of Com which have been already warehoused, and also from the Bulk of each Importation which hereafter shall be made and warehoused, and to keep the same until such Com shall be taken out of the Warehouse, either for Exportation or Home Consumption, and to compare such Sample with the Corn so to be taken out, and if the same shall be found to agree therewith in Quality, the same to be returned; but if it shall appear hot to agree therewith, in consequence of any Exchange of the Com imported and warehoused having taken place, then and in such case the Com so intended to be taken out shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any such Officer or Officers of the Customs in taking any such Sample or Samples, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for each and every such Offence severally forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Cora, Meal or Flour shall be taken out of the Warehouse in which the same shall have been deposited, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, the said Com shall be remeasured, and the said Meal or Flour reweighed, in like manner as when the same were imported at the Charge and Expence of the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such Warehouse or Warehouses, under the Inspection of and Certificate thereof delivered to the proper Officer of the Customs, in order to ascertain whether any of the Quantity originally imported and warehoused had or had not been removed or taken out of such Warehouse.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Act of Parliament in force on and immediately before the passing of this Act, by which any Conditions, Rules, Regulations or Restrictions were made, established or directed for the better securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the regular Importation into or Exportation from Great Britain, or the bringing or carrying Coastwise, or from Port to Port, within the said Kingdom, or the entering, landing or shipping of any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes whatever, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, shall and they are hereby declared to be and remain in full force and effect, and shall be applied to the Subject of this Act, and for carrying the same into Execution, as fully and effectually as if they had been repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee shall be taken by the Clerk of act, Justice of Peace, or other Person before whom any Oath, Affirmation or Declaration shall be taken or made, by the Directions of this Act, on account of such Oath, Affirmation or Declaration.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures created and Penalties inflicted by this Act, shall and may be sued for,

A.D. 1821.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 87.

831

prosecuted and recovered, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in such Manner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, as Penalties inflicted, or Forfeitures created, for any Offences against the Laws of Customs, may now legally be sued for, prosecuted and recovered, and the Produce disposed of in the like manner, and applied to the like Uses and Purposes, unless otherwise specially provided for by this Act: Provided always, that any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act on any Corn Factor, or on any Dealer in Corn, Malt, Meal or Flour, for Sale as aforesaid, or on any Inspector of Com Returns, may be sued for and recovered before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City or Town where such Corn Factor, or Dealer in Com, Malt, Meal or Flour for Sale, or Inspector of Corn Returns, shall reside; and such Two Justices shall and they are hereby authorized and required, if upon due Proof and Examination of the Matter it shall appear to them that such Corn Factor, or Dealer in Cora, Malt, Meal or Flour for Sale, or Inspector of Cora Returns, is guilty of the Offence against this Act, then alleged against him, to convict him thereof, and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to levy such Penalty by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels; and such Penalty shall be applied in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XLIX. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That no-Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be brought or sued for in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Offence against this Statute, in cases where such Offences are by this Act cognizable by Justices of the Peace, relating to the same Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the same, but that the Determination of the Justices of the Peace in the County where such Offence or Offences shall be committed, shall be final to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing by him, her or them done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Months next after the matter or thing done, and shall be laid in the proper County; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him, her or them, upon Demurrer or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shqil have Treble Costs awarded to him, her or them, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

and applied. Proviso as to Penalties by Corn Factors or Dealers and Inspectors.

Determination of Justices final.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

332

C. 88.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law of Rescue.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS divers daring Attempts have of late been made to effect the Rescue or prevent the Detention of Persons charged with or committed for or on Suspicion of Felony: And Whereas it might tend more effectually to prevent the Commission of such Offences if further Provisions were made for the Punishment of Persons who may hereafter be

convicted, thereof, as are hereinafter enacted Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

Resciiing Per- thority of the same, That from and after the passing of this sons charged Act, if any Person shall rescue, or aid and assist in rescuing, with Felony. from the lawful Custody of any Constable, Officer, Headborough or other Person whomsoever, any Person charged with, or suspected of, ' or committed for any Felony, or on Suspicion thereof, then if the Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted of Felony, and be entitled to the Benefit of Clergy, and be liable to be imprisoned for any Term not exceeding One Year, it shall be lawful for the Court by or before whom any such Person or Persons shall be convicted, to order and direct, in case it shall think fit, that such Person or Persons, instead of being so fined and imprisoned as aforesaid, shall be transported beyond the Seas for Seven Years, or be imprisoned only, or be imprisoned and kept to hard Labour in the Common Gaol, House t>f Correction or Penitentiary House, for any Term not less than One and not exceeding Three Years.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Person shall assault, beat or wound any Constable, Officer, Headborough or other Person whomsoever, with Intent in so doing, or by Means thereof, to obstruct, resist or prevent the lawful Apprehension or Detainer of any Person charged with or suspected of Felony; or if any Person charged with or suspected of Felony shall assault, beat or wound any Constable, Officer, Headborough or other Person whomsoever, with Intent in so doing, or by Means thereof, to obstruct, resist or prevent his or her Apprehension or Detainer; then and in every or any such case, iF the Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted of a Misdemeanor only, it shall be lawful for the Court by or before whom any such Person or Persons shall be so convicted as aforesaid to order and direct, in case ifr shall think fit, that such Person or Persons shall, in addition to any Punishment other Pains, Penalties or Punishment to which he, she or they are now subject or liable, be kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Two Years, and not less than Six Months.

[Public Act.]

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Punishment

Assaulting Constables to prevent the Apprehension or Detainer of Persons charged with Felony.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 89.

333

CAP. LXXXIX.

An act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twenty second Year of His Majesty King Charles the Second, as restrains the Proprietors of Wharfs between London Bridge and the Temple from erecting any Buildings or Enclosures thereon.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty second Year of 22 C. 2. c. 11.

the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An additional Act for the rebuilding of the City of London, uniting of Parishes, and rebuilding of the Cathedral and

Parochial Churches within the said City; it was amongst other 44.

Things enacted, that there should be left a continued Tract of Ground from London Bridge to the Temple, of the Breadth of

Forty Foot, from the North Side of the River Thames, to be converted into a Quay or public and open Wharf, and that thenceforth after the passing of the said Act there should be no Building or Erection whatsoever (except Cranes, Stairs and Docks) placed or set within or upon the said Forty Foot of Ground or any Part thereof, between the Places aforesaid:

And Whereas by the said recited Act it was further enacted, 45. repealed. 4 that all the said Tract of Ground of the said Breadth of Forty Foot from the said River, should lie open and at large, without any Division or Separation, and that the Bounds or each Proprietor's Ground therein should be distinguished only by Denter Stones to be placed in the Pavement thereof: And Whereas the said Provisions in the said recited Act have not been found

so beneficial to the Trade and Commerce of the City of London as was hoped and looked for at the passing of the said

Act, but on the contrary divers and very many Warehouses and other Buildings have, since the passing of the said recited Act,

been built and erected, and are now standing and being, nearer to the said River Thames than the Breadth of Forty Feet North of the said River: And Whereas the Erection and Continuance of the said Warehouses and Buildings have been found greatly beneficial to the Trade, Commerce and well being of the City of London / Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as restricts the Erection of Buildings, and the keeping of the said Tract of Ground without any Division or Separation, within the Distance and between the Places therein named, shall be and the same is hereby declared to be repealed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Proviio for the this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any Rights f the manner to take away, abrogate, injure or affect any Right or ^^?rat!on of Claim to or in respect of any Public Way, Street, Wharf or Stairs, spect J! or any other Right, Claim or Interest belonging to or claimed by Ways, &c. the Corporation of the City of London, or the Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, or any Person or Persons whatsoever,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Not to establish the Right of Persons or Corporations to any Ground embanked from the River, &c.

Proviso for Rights of the Crown therein.

56 C. 3. c. 08.

Commissioners appointed for executing this Act.

Vacancies may be supplied by His Majesty.

i

other than and except any Claim which might or may be made or arise from under, or by virtue of the said recited Act.

III. Provided, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Repeal of the said Restrictions, or any thing herein contained, shall not operate, extend or be construed to ratify, confirm or establish the Right or Title of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to any Ground or Soil which hath been embanked from or taken out of the said River Thames since the passing of the said recited Act, either by virtue thereof or by virtue of any Letters Patent, Charter or Grant from the Crown, or to prejudice, prevent or restrain any Proceedings on the Part of the Crown to revoke, recall or repeal any such Letters Patent, Charter or Grant, by reason of any Breach, Forfeiture or Nonperformance of the Terms or Conditions upon which the same were or was granted, or to prejudice or affect the Ri^ht which the Crown had in or to any such Ground or Soil by virtue of any of its Royal Prerogatives, or otherwise howsoever.

CAP. XC.

An Act to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland, and the several Establishments connected therewith.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS in pursuance of the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, and of an Act made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to unite and consolidate into One Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the General Service of the United Kingdom, it has become expedient that the Collection and Management of the Public Revenues arising in Great Britain and Ireland respectively should be assimilated and placed under the same Rules, Regulations and Management, so far as the Circumstances of the respective Countries may admit; and that for such Purpose, a full and accurate Inquiry and Investigation, relating to the Management and Collection of the Revenues arising in Ireland, should be conducted under the Authority of Parliament; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Thomas Wallace, Thomas Frankland Lewis Esquire, John Charles Henries Esquire, William John Lushington Esquire, and Henry Bcrens Esquire, shall be and they are hereby constituted and appointed to be Commissioners for carrying this Act into Execution, and for making the Inquiries intended by this Act, and shall be called "The Commissioners of Inquiry into the Collection and Management of the Public Revenue arising in Ireland."

II. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Vacancy or Vacancies by Death or Resignation of any One or more of the Commissioners named in this Act, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 90.

835

and Successors, to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, may think proper, (not being a Member or Members of the House of Commons,) to supply such Vacancy or Vacancies; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall be subject to all such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and shall have all such and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if such Person had been named in this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Appointment of any Members of Person named in this Act, or of any other Person, being a Mem- House of ber of the House of Commons, to be a Commissioner of Inquiry Commons *R-under this Act, shall not make void the Election of any such

Person respectively, nor shall any new Writ issue for a new vacate Election in consequence of the Acceptance of any such Appoint- Seats, &c. ment; and that the Appointment of any Person to be such Commissioner of Inquiry shall not be deemed or taken to be an Appointment to a new Office or Place of Profit under the Crown; and that any Person by this Act appointed to be One of the Commissioners of Inquiry under this Act shall not be thereby disabled from sitting or voting as a Member of the House of Commons, nor shall be thereby rendered incapable of being elected a Member of the House of Commons; any thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Commissioner no- Commlwionem minated in this Act, or who shall be appointed at any time by to taIcc 0alh* virtue of this Act, shall, before he shall act as such Commissioner

in carrying this Act into Execution, take an Oath before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, or before the Chief Baron or any One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England or Ireland for the Time being; (which Oath the said Chancellor of the said Exchequer, and the said Chief Baron and Barons respectively, is and are hereby authorized and required to administer; ) and such Oath shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and truly, Form.

according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, execute the

several Powers and Trusts vested in me by an Act made in the

Second Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled

An Act to appoint Commissioners for inquiring into the Collection and Management of the Revenue in Ireland, and the several

Establishments connected therewith, according to the true Tenor and Purport of the saiff Act. So help me GOD. '

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioner* for the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three or more of may appoint Se-them, and they are hereby authorized to appoint and employ such Secretary, Clerks, Officers and Messengers as they shall think

requisite, and to administer and give to every of the said Secretary, Clerks and Officers respectively, an Oath, for his true and faithful Demeanour in all things relating to the due Performance of the Trust reposed in him by the said Commissioners, and in all other things touching the Execution of this Act; and the said Secretary, Clerks and Officers are hereby respectively required faithfully to execute and perform the Trusts in them severally

C. 90. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

I

Salary.

Treasury may issue Money for Payment of Secretary, Clerks, &c.

Three Commissioners to be a Quorum.

President.

Casting Vote.

Commissioners may meet and send for Persons, Books and Papers.

Powers of Commissioners for inquiring into Receipt, Management and Expenditure of the Revenues of Ireland.

and respectively reposed, without taking any thing for such their Service, other than such Salary or Reward as the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall direct and appoint in that Behalf pursuant to this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to direct the Issue of any Sum or Sums of Money to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three or more of them, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same, out of any Part of the Public Monies remaining in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, which Sums so issued shall be employed for the Payment of such Secretary, Clerks, Officers and Messengers, and in defraying all other necessary Charges in or about the Execution of the Powers of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall direct; and all such Sums shall be accounted for by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be issued, according to the Course of His Majesty's Exchequer, without any Fees or other Charges to be taken or demanded for the Issuing or Payment of the same, or for the passing the said Accounts.

VII. And be it further enacted, That any Three or more of the said Commissioners of Inquiry for the Time being shall and may execute the several Powers vested in such Commissioners by this Act; and that the first named Commissioner in this Act shall be President; and that in his Absence, the Commissioner whose Name stands next in the Order of Nomination in this Act of those who shall be present, shall for. that Turn be President; and if the Commissioners present at any Meeting shall be equally divided in Opinion in respect to any Matter to be by them discussed, then and on every such Occasion the President, or in his Absence the Commissioner acting as such, shall have two Voices, or the casting Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of this present Act, the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall and may, and they are hereby authorized to meet and sit from time to time, and in such Place or Places as they shall find most convenient, with or without Adjournment; and to send their Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Handstand Seals of any Three of them, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and for all such Accounts, Returns, Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents in any way relating to the Public Revenue, or the Revenue of the Crown of any Description whatsoever arising in Ireland, as shall by the said Commissioners be deemed necessary for carrying into Execution the Inquiries authorized by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Inquiry hereinbefore named, or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to call before them by such Precept or Precepts as aforesaid, and to examine upon Oath, (or Affirmation in the case of Quakers,) all or any and every of the Commissioners, Postmasters General, Collectors, Receivers and other Officers, superior or subordinate, *or

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 90.

937

other Persons whomsoever, who are or mayhavebeen or maybe any ways concerned or employed, or engaged in, or connected with, or who may derive any Emolument from the Collection, Receipt or Management of the several Branches of the Public Revenue, or the Revenue of the Crown arising in Ireland touching or concerning any Matters or Things whatsoever, which the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall deem necessary for the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act; and the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any One of such Commissioners, Three or more being present, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to administer such Oath or Affirmation to all such Persons respectively; and all and every such Persons and Person are and is hereby required and directed to attend the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, at such Time and Times, Place and Places, as shall be appointed, and to answer upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, aA Questions which shall be put to them by the said Commissioners, or any of them, and also to make and give such Accounts and Returns, and to produce all such Records *, Accounts, Returns, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents whatever, as the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall require to be made and given, or to be produced by any such Person or Persons, and as shall be in the Possession, Custody or Power of such Person or Persons respectively; and to observe and execute all such Orders and Directions as the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, shall make or give for the Purposes aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned to appear before the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, or to make or give, or to bring or produce any Accounts or Returns, or any Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents relating to any of the Matters and Things hereinbefore mentioned, which shall be in the Possession, Custody or Power of such Person or Persons, and which such Person or Persons shall have been required by such Summons to make, or give or produce, or shall refuse to be sworn, or being Quakers, shall refuse to affirm, or being sworn, or being Quakers, having affirmed, shall refuse to answer, or shall be found to prevaricate in any Answers to any Question or Questions put by the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any of them, touching, concerning or relating to any Matter or Tning which the said Commissioners of Inquiry are by this Act authorized to inauire into, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make and issue their Warrant or Warrants, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, for taking and apprehending and bringing before them .any such Person or Persons; and if the said Commissioners shall deem it necessary for the effectual Execution of the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three of them, by like Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit any such Person or Persons so brought or being before them, to such Prison as the said Commissioners of 1 & 2 Geo. IV. Z Inquiry.^l

May administer Oath, &c.

Commissioners empowered to issue Warrants for apprehending and committing to Prison Persons neglecting to attend, refusing to answer, prearkuting &r.

C. 90.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Officers of Revenue refusing to answer may Ik? suspended by Commissioners.

Commissioners to make Reports to Treasury, to be laid l>efore the King and Parliament, with Observations and Plans for Ira. provement.

Inquiry, or any Three of them, shall think (it, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Person or Persons shall submit to be examined touching and concerning all Matters and Things necessary for the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, or to make such Production of such Accounts, Returns, Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents as aforesaid, as the case may require; and if any Person who shall so wilfully neglect or refuse to appear, or to make, give or produce any such Accounts or Returns, or any such Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents, or to be sworn, or to affirm, or to answer, or who shall be found to prevaricate in answering as aforesaid, shall hold any Office, Place or Employment whatever, in any way relating to or connected with the Collection or Management of the Revenue in Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, by an Order under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Three of them, to direct that such Person who shall so neglect or refuse to appear, or to make, give or produce any such Accounts, or Returns, or Records, Books, Papers, Deeds, Writings or Documents, or to be sworn, or to affirm, or to answer, or who shall prevaricate in answering as aforesaid, shall be suspended front the Exercise of the Duties of such Office, Place or Employment, until the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall think fit, by an Ofder under their Hands, to direct that such Suspension shall be removed; and that immediately upon and from such Order of the said Commissioners of Inquiry, every such Person shall be actually suspended from the Exercise of the Duties of his Office, Place or Employment, until such Time as such Order of Suspension shall be removed as aforesaid; and in every case of such Commitment or Suspension as aforesaid, the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall forthwith report the Circumstances of the case to the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners of Inquiry under this Act shall from time to time at their Discretion, and whenever they shall be thereunto required by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them, and as soon as convenient after the Determination of their Examinations and Proceedings by virtue of this Act, without any further Requisition, make a Report or Reports in Writing, of their Proceedings from time to time, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to be laid before His Majesty and both Houses of Parliament within One Month after the first Meeting of Parliament; and the said Commissioners of Inquiry shall, in such Report or Reports, from time to time state such Observations and make such Suggestions as shall occur to them for assimilating the Mode of charging, managing and collecting the several Branches of the Public Revenue, or of the Revenue of the Crown in Ireland, to the Mode practised in Great Britain, or for otherwise securing and improving the due Collection thereof, by Modification of Duties or in any other way that they may deem expedient; and also respecting the Application of such Revenues,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 90, 91.

339

Giving false Evidence,

previous to the Payment thereof into His Majesty's Exchequer; and for the regulating or abolishing of any Offices, Places or Employments in the several Departments connected with the Receipt, Collection or Management of the said Revenues, or of any Expences, Disbursements, Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites or Emoluments of any such Offices, Places or Employments of any Description whatsoever respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, upon his, her or their Examination before the said Commissioners of Inquiry, or any Three of them, wilfully and corruptly l'erjury give false Evidence, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared

to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force and effect Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be and Continuance continue in force from the passing thereof for the Term of Two of Act. Years, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CAP. XCI.

An Act to grant certain Bounties on the Exportation of Stuffs made of Silk mixed with Mohair, and of Stuffs made of Mohair mixed with Worsted, the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS a Bounty is by Law payable on the Exportation

of Stuffs made of Silk and Grogram Yarn the Manufacture of Great Britain or Ireland, and it is expedient that a ' like Bounty should be granted on the Exportation of Stuffs

made of Silk and Mohair Yarn the Manufacture of Great Britain '* or Ireland Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Bounty granted the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty "^*Por?a^n one, there shall be paid or allowed to any Person or Persons who

shall really and truly export from Great Britain or Ireland re- yarn, is. c^d. spectively, by way of Merchandize, any Stuffs made in Great per lb. Britain or Ireland of Silk mixed with Mohair Yarn, a Bounty or Allowance at and after the Rate of One Shilling and Sixpence and Two thirds of a Penny for every Pound Weight Avoiraupoise of 'such Stuffs so made of Silk mixed with Mohair Yarn.

i II. And Whereas it is expedient to allow a Bounty on the Exportation from Great Britain or Ireland of Camblets made

in Great Britain or Ireland of Mohair Yarn mixed with Worsted

Be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Days of July Bounty on One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, there shall be paid Camblets of to any Ferson or Persons who shall really and truly export out of Great Britain or Ireland, by way of Merchandize, any Stuffs called worsted* Camblets, made in any Part of Great Britain or Ireland respec- is. 2d. per lb. tively, of Mohair Yarn mixed with Worsted, and the Warp of 'which Camblets shall be entirely composed of Mohair Yarn, a

340

C. 91, 92. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Th said Bounties subject to Regulations.

Persons in whom Lands, &c. are invested for Charitable Purposed vnay exchange.

Application to be made to the Bhd) of of the Diocese, who may issue a Commission to ascertain whether an Exchange will be beneficial to the Charity.

Bounty or Allowance at and after the Rate of One Shilling and Two rence for every Pound Weight Avoirdupoise of such Stuffs called Camblets.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Bounties or Allowances by this Act granted and made payable, shall be paid and allowed in such and the like Manner, and subject to and under such and the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as are prescribed by the several Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland for granting Allowances on the Exportation of the Silk Manufactures of Great Britain or Ireland, and subject also to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said Acts, or any of them, so far as the same are or may be applicable to such Stuffs so exported.

CAP. XCII.

An Act to authorize the Exchange of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to Trusts for Charitable Purposes, for other Landis, Tenements or Hereditaments.

[1Oth July 1821.]

WHEREAS Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subjected to Trusts for Charitable Purposes, may be in some cases exchanged for other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so

as to benefit the Objects of the Charity:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, in whom any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be vested, subject to any Trust for any Charitable Purpose, to grant and convey to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, and to his, her or their Heirs, Successors and Assigns, or otherwise, as he, she or they shall direct or appoint, any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, under and according to the several Restrictions, Declarations and Provisions hereinafter expressed, and not otherwise.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever it shall be thought advisable by the Trustees or Trustee of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to any Trust for any Charitable Purpose, to exchange the same, or any Parts or Part thereof, for any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Application shall be made to the Bishop of the Diocese in which any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, subject to any Trust for Charitable Purposes, And so proposed to be exchanged, shall be situate, stating the Objects of the Charity, the Manner in which such Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are become vested in such Trustees or Trustee* and for what Reasons it may be fit and proper that any such Exchange should be made, and what Benefit will be derived to the Objects of the Charity by means of such Exchange, which Statement shall be verified on Oath before One of His

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 91.

S41

Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division or Place where such Lands shall be situate; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Bishop to direct such Inquiries to be made as he may think proper, and to require such Information to be given to him as he may think necessary, previous to his issuing such Commission, as hereinafter mentioned; and in case such Bishop shall be satisfied that reasonable Ground has been laid before him to warrant his issuing such Commission, then and in such case such Bishop shall issue a Commission, under his Episcopal Seal, directed to Four or more fit and proper Persons, Two of whom at the least shall be beneficed Clergymen, and one of whom shall be a Barrister at Law of at least rive Years' standing, and by such Commission the Commissioners therein named, or any Three of them, one of whom shall be a beneficed Clergyman and one such Barrister as aforesaid, shall be authorized and required to inquire whether such proposed Exchange will be beneficial to the Objects of the Trust, to which the Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so proposed to be exchanged shall be subject, and for what Reason or Reasons such Exchange will be beneficial to the Charity; and for the Purpose of such Inquiry, such Commissioners shall examine upon Oath (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) all Persons who may be brought before them for that Purpose, and shall require the Parties applying for such Exchange to bring before them any other Persons to be examined upon Oath touching any Matters which such Commissioners may deem necessary for their Information; and such Commissioners shall also require all Deeds, Papers and Writings, which they may deem necessary for their Information, to be also laTd before them, and shall direct such Surveys, Maps and Plans to be made of the Lands proposed to be given and taken in Exchange, as they may . think proper; and shall cause such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, and the Timber and Trees on such Lands respectively, and Rights of Common, and all other Rights belonging thereto, to be valued, so as clearly to ascertain whether the proposed Exchange will be permanently beneficial to the Charity or not, and if permanently beneficial, for w; hat Reason it will be so beneficial, and whether such Exchange is proposed for the Convenience of the Charity, or for the Convenience of any other Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, and whether the Terms upon which the Exchange is proposed to be made are the best which can reasonably be obtained for the Benefit of the Charity; and such Commissioners shall also inquire into the Title to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments proposed to be given in Exchange for the Benefit of such Charity* so as to enable the Bishop, on the Return of such Commission, to judge of the Propriety of allowing such Exchange to take Place; and such. Commissioners shall thereupon certify to the Bishop the several Matters which shall be maae to appear to them, together with the Surveys and other Evidence laid before them, closed up, under their Hands and Seals, which shall be deposited with the Registrar of the Diocese.

III. And be it further enacted, That before such Commissioners shall proceed to execute such Commission, they shall respectively take the following Oath:

Of whom th

Commission shall consist.

Conitmssoner* to examine on Oath, and may require Production of Deeds, and direct Surreys anfl Valuations

tot?P

and may inquire into Titles,

and certify to. Bishop.

Commissioners to take Oath.

342

C. 92. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Bishop may lay Proceedings of Commissioners before Counsel;

and may issue a new Commission.

Approbation of Bishop of Exchange, how signified.

Conveyance to be made in manner herein mentioned.

Deeds when inrolled to be produced to Bishop, and a Transcript thereof entered in the Registry of the Diocese.

J A.B.y One of the Commissioners named in a Commission,

[describing the Commission,] do swear. That I will faithfully do and execute all the Matters by the said Commission required

to be done by me, and a true Report make to the best of my Ability, as by such Commission required. So help me GOD.

Which Oath shall be administered by One of the said Commissioners, to any other or others of them, and shall be certified to the Bishop, together with the other Proceedings under such Commission.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Return of such Commission it shall be lawful for the Bishop to examine the Proceedings under the same, and, if he shall see fit, to direct the same to be laid before some Counsel learned in the Law for his Opinion and Advice thereupon, and also to direct the Title to the Lands proposed to be given in Exchange to the Charity to be examined in such Manner as he shall think fit; and if he shall think fit, to cause the same to be laid before Counsel learned in the Law for his Opinion thereon; and in case the said Bishop shall not be satisfied with the Return made by such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for him to issue a new Commission or new Commissions, directed to the same or other Commissioners, to the End that he may be fully satisfied of the Propriety of such proposed Exchange; and such new Commission or Commissions shall be executed and returned, and the Return or Returns thereto deposited with the Registrar of the Diocese, as before directed with respect to the first Commission; and if the said Bishop shall be satisfied, upon the Return of the Commission or Commissions so to be issued by him, or by such other and further Information as he shall obtain as aforesaid, that such proposed Exchange is proper and beneficial to the Charity, it shall be thereupon lawful for him to signify his Approbation of such Exchange, by signing and sealing with his Episcopal Seal Two Parts of the Deed of Bargain and Sale herein-after mentioned; and it shall be lawful for the Trustees or Trustee of the Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments proposed to be exchanged, by Deed of Bargain and Sale, inrolled in the High Court of Chancery within Six Calendar Months after the Date thereof, to convey the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be given by them in Exchange, to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom the same shall be directed to be conveyed; and by the same Deed the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, proposed to be given to the Charity in Exchange, shall also be conveyed to the Uses of such Charity, and such Deed shall be acknowledged by the Person or Persons making the Conveyance of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to the Uses of such Charity, for the Purpose of Inrolment; and Two Parts of such Deed shall be prepared and executed, and a Memorandum of the Inrolment shall be indorsed on each Part; and Jboth Parts of such Deed, after the same shall have been inrollea as aforesaid, shall be produced to the Bishop, and a Transcript of such Deed, and of the Memorandum of Inrolment, shall be entered in the Registry of the Diocese; and the Bishop shall thereupon, by Writing under his Hand, indorsed on each Part of such Deed, authorize the Delivery of Possession, according to the Terms of

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 92. 343

such Deed, of the Lands before belonging to the Charity, and so conveyed in Exchange; and the Delivery of Possession to the Trustees or Trustee of the Charity, of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so conveyed to them in Exchange, and the Execution of both Parts of such Deed by the several Parties thereto, and the signing of such Authority for Delivery of Possession, shall be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, which Attestation or Attestations shall be indorsed on both Parts of such Deed; and the Attestation of the Execution of such Deed by the Trustees or Trustee of the Charity Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments thereby conveyed, shall express that both Parts of such Deed were signed by the Bishop before the Execution thereof by such Trustees or Trustee; and a Transcript of such Authority for Delivery of Possession, and of such several Attestations as aforesaid, shall be entered in the Registry of the Diocese, and one Part of such How Deed* Deed shall remain with such Trustees or Trustee, for the Benefit deposed of. of the Charity, and the other Part shall be delivered to the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, to whose Use the Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be thereby conveyed in Exchange.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That before any Before issuing such Commission shall issue to make Inquiry touching any Ex- Commnwioii change intended to be made under the Provisions of this Act,

Three Months' previous Notice shall be given of the Intention to tended E*-propose such Exchange, by inserting the Particulars, Extent and change to be Situation, and the Tenure of the Lands, Tenements or Heredita- given in News, ments respectively proposed to be given and taken in Exchange, PPf for Three successive Weeks in some one and the same Newspaper generally circulating in that Part of the Country where the Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments proposed to be exchanged shall be situated; and also by affixing such Notice in Writing on a conspicuous Part of the Door of the Church or Chapel of each Parish or Chapelry wherein such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, shall be situated, on Three successive Sundays whereon Divine Service shall be performed, and shortly before the Commencement of such Service in each Church or Chapel.

VI. And Whereas in some c^ses where there were originally Two or more Trustees of Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments proposed to be exchanged under the Authority of this Act, the Number of Trustees may have been reduced by Death or otherwise; Be it further enacted, That in such cases the Vacancies of Vacancies of Trustees shall be filled up in the usual Manner, prior to any Ap- Trustees to be plication for an Exchange pursuant to this Act, except in such UAPni?r cases in which the Number of Trustees living and capable of acting cat*on for an" shall be Six or more, in which cases the Majority in Number of Exchange, un-Trustees living and capable of acting shall signify their Consent less when there to any proposed Exchange in Writing, by signing the Application f" six or rawr* to the Bishop to authorize such Exchange as aforesaid; and when rrusteC8 *

the original Trustees shall have been fewer in number than Six, and* more than Three, then the Consent of not less than Four of such Trustees shall be so signified to the Bishop; and if the original Trustees shall have been only Three or Two, then the Consent of all the Trustees shall be signified by all of them; or if there shall have been originally only One Trustee, then the

vj

Number of Trustees necessary to give Consent.

In what cases Bishop may appoint Trustees in cases of Exchange.

Confirmation of Conveyance, how and by whom obtained.

Exchanges may be effected, though Trustees may be Proprietors of the Lands to he given in Exchange.

I

C. 92. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Consent of the sole Trustee for the Time being shall be so sig* nified; and if any Body Politic or Corporate shall be a Trustee for any such Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, then such Consent shall be signified under the Seal of the Corporation, whether a Corporation Aggregate or Sole, having a Corporate Seal, and such Signatures, and the affixing of such Seals respectively, shall be attested by Two' or more credible Witness or Witnesses.

VII. And Whereas in some cases it may not appear in whom Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments subject to Charitable Purposes may be vested, and there may be therefore no Person capable of acting touching any such Exchange as aforesaid, on Behalf of the Charity; Be it further enacted, That in all such cases it shall be lawful for the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be situate, upon sufficient Proof of the Fact, by Instrument in Writing under his Hand and Seal, to nominate proper Persons to act as Trustees on Behalf of the Charity, for the Purposes of such Exchange, before any other Proceedings shall be had touching such Exchange; which Trust the Person so nominated shall accept, by executing such Instrument, before they shall act in such Trust; and thereupon it shall be lawful for such Trustees to do all Things necessary for the Purpose of such Exchange, as if the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments subject to such Charitable Purposes had been duly vested in them for such Purposes, and to convey the Charity Lands proposed to be exchanged under the Authority of this Act: Provided always, that if it shall at.any time afterwards appear in whom such Lands or Hereditaments were actually vested at the Time of such Exchange, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, in whom the same shall be then vested by means of such Exchange, to obtain, at his, her or their own Expence, a Confirmation thereof by Conveyance from the Person or Persons, or their Heirs, in whom it shall appear the same were so vested at the Time of such Exchange; but the Defect of Title of the Trustees so to be nominated by the Bishop as aforesaid shall not prejudice the Title to the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments received in Exchange in Trust for such Charitable Purposes as aforesaid, but the same shall be held and enjoyed for such Charitable Purposes, notwithstanding the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments originally subject to such Charitable Purposes, and so given in Exchange, were not vested, except by the Authority of this Act, in the Persons who may have conveyed the same in Exchange under the Authority of this Act.

VIII. And Whereas Doubts may arise whether under the Provisions of this Act an Exchange might be legally effected where any Trustee or Trustees of Charity Lands, proposed to be given in Exchange, should also be the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands for which such Charity Lands should be so proposed to be given in Exchange; Be it Therefore enacted, TTiat under and according to the several Restrictions, Declarations and Provisions hereinbefore expressed, and subject thereto, but not otherwise, it shall and may be lawful for any Trustee or Trustees of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments vested in him, her or them, either alone or jointly with any other Trustee or Trustees for any

f^nncrlr Charitable

VjOijy LC

l'& 2 GEO. IV. C. 92.

345

Charitable Purpose or Purposes, to convey or join in conveying, as the case may be, any such Trust Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of which he, she or they shall be seised in Fee, to and for his, her or their own Use and benefit: Provided always, that in every such case the Bishop to whom Application shall be made for any such Exchange, shall, upon such Application, and before any other Proceedings touching such Exchange, nominate and appoint some proper Person or Persons, having no Interest in such Exchange, to act as Trustee or Trustees on the Behalf of the said Charity, in the Matter of such Exchange, in the Place and Stead of the Trustee or Trustees who by reason of such Interest as aforesaid shall be disqualified to act therein; and the Concurrence of the Person or Persons, so to be appointed to act as temporary Trustee or Trustees as aforesaid, shall be necessary m all subsequent Proceedings relating to such Exchange.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Title of any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, by whom any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be attempted to be conveyed in Exchange for any Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall at any time appear to be in any manner defective, so that such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall in the Whole or in Part be recovered from the Trustees or Trustee, Body Politic or Corporate, in whom the same shall have been vested or attempted to be vested in Exchange under the Authority of this Act, or shall be in any manner charged or incumbered, then and in such case the Trustees or Trustee, Body Politic or Corporate, in whom such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, ought, to have been vested indefeasibly for Charitable Purposes as aforesaid, shall enter on the original Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments conveyed in Exchange as aforesaid, and hold the same according to the original Right before the Exchange, for the Benefit of the Charity, in case the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments intended, to have been vested by way of Exchange for the Purposes of the Charity shall be wholly evicted, or in case the same shall be partially evicted, or in any manner incumbered, then to hold the same for the Purpose of indemnifying the Charity against the Consequences of any such partial Eviction or any such Incumbrance, and until full Satisfaction shall have been made to the Charity, for any Defect of Title in the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments conveyed in Exchange for the original Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments as aforesaid, and all Costs, Charges and Expences incurred by the Charity in consequence thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Part of the Expences attending any Exchange to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be borne by or paid out of the Funds of any Charity, unless it shall be made appear to the Bishop of the Diocese, upon Application for such Exchange as aforesaid, that such Exchange is solely intended for the Benefit of such Charity, and not for any other Purpose, and is in respect of such Convenience advantageous to the Chanty, notwithstanding any Expence which may be incurred in effecting the same; and then so much of such Expences only shall be borne by and discharged out of the Funds of such Charity as such Bishop

Bishop, in such esses, to appoint Trustees who have no Interest in the Lands.

Proviso respecting Eviction in case of defective Title.

Expences at tending Exchanges how to be paid.

346

C. 92, 93.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proceedings of the Diocesan not affected in cases of exempt Jurisdictions.

Lands heretofore purchased

shall find to be just and reasonable, and shall, by Instrument under his Hand, allow and declare to be, in his Opinion, an Expence incurred for the Benefit of the Charity, and such as ought to be discharged out of the Funds of such Charity.

XI. And Whereas Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments may be within some peculiar or exempt Jurisdiction; Be it further enacted, That in such case the Application for an Exchange under the Authority of this Act shall be made to the Bishop of the Diocese within which the Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments proposed to be exchanged shall be situate, and not to any other Authority claiming such peculiar or exempt Jurisdiction; and the Bishop of such Diocese shall proceed in the same manner, in such case, as if such Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments were to all Intents and Purposes within his Jurisdiction as Diocesan; and in case any such Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be within Two or more Dioceses, then and in such case Application shall be made to the several Bishops of such several Dioceses, to direct before which of such Bishops the Proceedings touching any such Exchange shall be had, and such Bishops shall accordingly direct before which of such Bishops such Proceedings shall be had; and thereupon such Proceedings shall be had before such Bishop in the same manner as such Proceedings might have been had it all such Charity Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments had been within the Diocese of such Bishop.

CAP. XCIII.

An act for vesting all Estates and Property, occupied by or for the Naval Service of this Kingdom, in the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, and for granting certain Powers to the said principal Officers and Commissioners.

[IOth July 1821.]

WHEREAS divers Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, have been at various times purchased for the Use of the several Departments of or 'belonging to the Naval Service of this Kingdom, and conveyed to several different Persons in Trust for His Majesty and His Royal Predecessors, and His and their Heirs and Successors, and the same have been placed under the Charge of the said several Departments respectively: And Whereas it may be expedient that such Parts of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as may not be wanted for the Use of the said Service, 4 should from time to time be sold and disposed of: And Whereas for effectuating such Sales it is necessary that all and every the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments,

so already purchased or used and occupied by or for the said Service, and all other Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments that may be hereafter purchased or in any manner used and occupied by or for the said Service, should be vested in the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 93.

347

immediately from and after the passing of this Act, all Manors, or token for the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which have -Purpose* of too

been heretofore purchased or taken by or in the Name of any Person or Persons, in trust for His Majesty or His Royal Predecessors, and His or their Heirs and Successors, for the U?e of all or any of the several Departments of or belonging to the Naval Service of this Kingdom, by whatever Mode of Conveyance the same shall have been so purchased or taken, either in Fee or for any Life or Lives, or any Term or Terms of Years, or any other or lesser Interest, and all Erections and Buildings which now are or which shall or may be hereafter erected and built thereon, together with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging (other than and except such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as may be of Copyhold Tenure) , shall be and become and remain and continue vested in the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the respective Nature and Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates and Interests of and in the same Hereditaments respectively, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Service of the said several Departments of the said Naval Service, or for such other Public Service or Services as His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, shall from time to time by any Order in Council be pleased to direct.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Purchase and Conveyance, Grant or Demise thereof, all other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments (other than and except as aforesaid) , which shall at any time or times hereafter be purchased by the Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, or the Commissioners for victualling His Majesty's Navy for the time being, or by any other Person or Persons by their respective Order for the Service of the said several Departments of the said Naval Service or any of them, and all Erections and Buildings which shall then or which may thereafter be erected and built thereon, with the Rights, Members, Easements and Appurtenances to the same respectively belonging, shall in like manner be and become, and remain and continue vested in the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, and their Successors in the said Office, according to the respective Nature and Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates mid Interests of and in the same respectively, in Trust as aforesaid.

IH. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Resignation or Removal of the present principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy or of any of them, or of any future such principal Officers and Commissioners, all such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, (other wan and except as aforesaid,) shall become vested in and be held by the succeeding principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, and so in perpetual Succession, according to the respective Nature and

GR*#te

Navy vented in Commissioners of the Navy.

Exception.

Lands (o be hereafter purchased (Exception) also vested in Commissioners of the Navy.

Lands to continue so vested in Successors of Commissioners dying, &c. (Exception.)

348

C. 93.

P&2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Commissioners of Navy, by Authority of the Admiralty, may sell, exchange, &c. such Premises.

Freeholds and Leaseholds.

Copyholds.

Purchase Monies to be paid to Treasurer of the Navy, &C

Quality of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the several Estates and Interests of and in the same respectively, in Trust as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being or any Three or more of them, by and under the Authority of the said Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for executing the said Office of Lord High Admiral for the time being or any TTiree or more of them, to sell, exchange or in any manner dispose of, or to let or demise, as well any of the Freehold and Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, which shall be vested in them, under and by virtue of this present Act, 'with their respective Appurtenances, as also any of the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall have been surrendered to and vested in any Person or Persons, and his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, in trust for His said Majesty or any of His Predecessors, His or their Heirs and Successors, for the Use of the said several Departments of the said Naval Service or any of them, either by public Auction or private Contract; and as to the said Freehold and Leasehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said principal Officers and Commissioners or any Three or more of them, and as to the said Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Person or Persons, in whom the same shall he so vested as aforesaid, in due Form of Law to convey, surrender, assign or make over, or to grant or demise the same respectively, as the case may require, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase or take the same respectively; and also to do any other* Act, Matter or Thing in relation to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall by the said Lord High Admiral, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, or by the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, he deemed beneficial for the Public Service in relation thereto, or for the better Management thereof, which might he done by any Person or Persons having a like Interest in any such like Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments.

V. And be it farther enacted, That the Monies to arise and be

produced by the Sale or Exchange of any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be sold or exchanged under the Provisions of this present Act, shall be paid by the respective Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or the Person or Persons making such Exchange, unto the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, or to such other Person or Persons as the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being or any Three or more of them, shall direct or appoint to receive the same, for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that the Receipt of the said principal Officers and Commissioners or of any Three or more of them, or of the said Treasurer, for such Monies, (such Receipt to be indorsed on every such Conveyance, Surrender or Assignment as aforesaid,) shall effectually discharge the Purchaser or Purchasers, or Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same shall be so paid. Gooq[c

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 93.

349

VI. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the Payment of such Purchase Money and the Execution of every such Conveyance, Surrender and Assignment as aforesaid, the Purchaser or Purchasers therein named shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seised and possessed of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed, surrendered, assigned or made over to him, her or them respectively, freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and all manner of prior Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be had, made or set up in, to, out of or upon or in respect of the same Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, on any account whatsoever, (save and except such Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Charges, Incumbrances, Claims and Demands, as in any such Conveyance, Surrender or Assignment shall be excepted).

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall have any just and legal or equitable Right to any of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so sola and conveyed as aforesaid or to any Part or Parts thereof, or to any Charge, Incumbrance or Demand affecting the same, and (not being under any of the Disabilities hereinafter mentioned) shall within Five Years next after every such Right or Claim shall by Law or Equity accrue to or become vested in him, her or them respectively, or being Femes Covert /except Femes Covert whose Estates have been or may be sold unaer the Authority of this or any other Act of Parliament for that Purpose) , Persons within the Age of Twenty one Years, in Prison or out of this Kingdom or not of whole Mind at the Time of such Sale and Conveyance as aforesaid, shall, within Five Years next after they shall respectively come and be discovert, at their full Age of Twenty one Years, out of Prison, within this Land, or of whole Mind, make out and establish such Right or Claim to the Satisfaction of the principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, then and in such case the said principal Officers and Commissioners shall make or cause to be made a fair and reasonable Compensation or Satisfaction for every such Right and Claim so made out and established as aforesaid; but such Compensation or Satisfaction shall not in any case exceed the Amount of the Purchase Money or Purchase Monies which shall have been paid to and received by the said principal Officers and Commissioners or the said Treasurer, for the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in respect whereof such Right or Claim shall be so made out as aforesaid, or a proportions Part thereof, exclusive of the Value of any Buildings or Improvements which shall have been erected or made thereon for the Use of any of the Departments of the said Naval Service.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until any such Sale and Conveyance of any of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or any Pfert thereof, shall be made and executed under the Powers and Authorities of this Act, and as to all such the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and Parts of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof no

Purchaser to' be seised of Lands on Payment of the Money freed from Incumbrances.

Exception.

Proviso for Persons having Rights to Lands so sold, and Limitation of their Claim.

Compensation.

In what cases Terms of Years not to merge Into the Freehold, &c.

e

350

C. 93.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Commissioners of the Navy may bring Actions of Ejectment.

How described as Plaintiffs in such Actions.

No Abatement by Death, &c.

Incapacitated Persons enabled to sell or exchange Lands.

such Sale and Conveyance shall be made and executed as aforesaid, no Term or Terms of Years of or in the same, or any Part thereof, which shall or may have been or which shall or may be assigned to any Person or Persons, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, in trust to attend the Inheritance of the same Premises, and to protect the same from mesne Incumbrances (if any) , shall, by reason of any thing herein contained, merge or sink into the Freehold and Inheritance of the same Premises; but that until such Sale and Conveyance as aforesaid, and as to all such the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and Parts of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, whereof no such Sale and Conveyance as aforesaid shall be made and executed as aforesaid, all and every such Term and Terms of Years shall remain, continue and be vested in the Person and Persons, his, her and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, in whom the same now are or shall at any time hereafter be vested, in trust to attend the Inheritance of the said Premises respectively, and to protect the same from mesne Incumbrances (if any); any Law, Custom or Usage, or any Clause, Matter or Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, prosecute and maintain any Action or Actions of Ejectment, or other Proceeding at Law or in Equity, for recovering Possession of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by this Act vested in them as aforesaid, and to distrain or sue for any Arrears of Rent which shall have become or shall become due for or in respect thereof, under any Parol or other Demise from the said principal Officers and Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, or from any Person or Persons on their Behalf, or on Behalf of His Majesty, and also to bring, prosecute and maintain, or to defend any other Action or Suit in respect of or in relation to the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Trespass or Encroachment committed thereon, or Damage or Injury done thereto; and that in every such Action or Suit the said principal Officers and Commissioners for the time being shall be called "The Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy," without naming therti or any of them; and that no such Action or Suit shall abate by the Death, Resignation or Removal of such principal Officers and Commissioners, or any of them; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and all Feoffees or Trustees for charitable or other public Purposes, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Curators or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which have been or may be hereafter agreed to be taken or purchased for the Use of the several Departments of the said Naval Service, or any of them, as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots or Persons

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 93.

351

beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves* to contract or agree with the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, either for the absolute Sale or Exchange of any such Freehold or Copyhold Manors, Messuages, Lanas, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold Messuages, Lands or Hereditaments, or Sale of any Reversion after any Estate or Estates for Lives or Years, or for the Grant of any Lease either for Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years certain herein, or for such Period as the Exigency of the Public Service shall require, and to convey, surrender, demise or grant the same accordingly; and all Contracts, Sales, Conveyances, Enfranchisements, Surrenders,

Leases and Agreements, which shall be made in pursuance hereof, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall be a complete Bar to ail Dower and Claims of Dowers Estates Tail and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Trusts and Interests whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in every such case of Pur- Application of chase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Reversion as afore- Purchase said, or the Enfranchisement of any Copyhold, or Purchase of any .Money amount other Interest belonging to any such Body Politic, Corporate or Medina 200L Collegiate, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or other Person or Persons, under any Disability or Incapacity, or not having the absolute Interest therein, the Purchase Money, if the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, shall be paid to one of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland or the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity and to the Account of the Accountant General or the King's Remembrancer, or other proper Officer for the time being, of His Majesty's Courts of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin, as the case may require, to the Credit and for the Use and Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in such Lands and Hereditaments; and such Cashier is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept, and to give a Receipt or Discharge for the same, mentioning and specifying the Amount and for whose Use the same is received, and upon the Production of such Receipt or Discharge, the Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively for the time being, is hereby authorized and required to sign a Certificate to the Barons or Judges of the said Courts of Exchequer respectively, under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was paid into the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland or Bank of Ireland (as the case may be) , hi pursuance of this Act, to the Credit and for the Use and Benefit of such Owners or Proprietors or other Persons interested, as shall be named in such Certificate, and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin respectively; and an Office Copy thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the said Courts for the time being, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate, the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become vested in the said principal Officers and Commissioners

of

l'& 2 GEO. IV.

352

If less than 2001. and amounting to or exceeding 20l.

Barons of Exchequer upon summary Application may direct Payment of Purchase Money;

and the laying out the same in the Purchase of other Lands, tec.

C. 98.

A.D. 182L

of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, for the Public Service, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case such Purchase Money as is lastly hereinbefore mentioned shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Hands of one of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland or the Bank of Ireland, with the Privity and to the Account of the said Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer or Officers of the said Courts of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin, for the time being as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Sums exceeding Two hundred Pounds; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such* Option, and approved of by the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or any Three or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approv4ng Parties) , in order that such principal Money may be invested in the Purchase of Stock in the Public Funds, and that'such "Stock, when purchased, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Order, Direction pr Approbation of either of the said Courts of Exchequer.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Barons or Judges of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, Edinburgh or Dublin for the time being, or any One or more of them, shall and may, and they or he are or is hereby authorized and empowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion or Petition for and on Behalf of any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons interested in or entitled to the Benefit of any Money that shall or may be paid into the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland or the Bank of Ireland, under the Provisions of this Act, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading an Office Copy of the Certificate, directed to be signed by the said Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer of the said Courts respectively for the time being, concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they or he think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Money, or any Part of the same, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes as the said

Lands

1 & V GEO. IV. C. 93, 94.

3S3

Lands or Hereditaments so taken or purchased stood settled at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, or as near as the same can be done, or otherwise, for the Disposition of the said Money, or any Part thereof, and the Interest or Produce of the same, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or the Person and Persons entitled to and interested in the same respectively; or for appointing any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes as the said respective Courts shall think just and reasonable; and also for raising and paying the Costs of Costs of Pro-any such Motion or Petition, and the Proceedings to be had ceeding*. thereupon, or any Part of such Costs, out of the Principal Money paid into the Bank of England, the Bank of Scotland or the Bank of Ireland, under the Provisions of this Act, or only of the Interest or Proceeds thereof, in such Manner and Proportion as the said Court in its Discretion shall think fit under the Circumstances of the case.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case Application of such Purchase Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and Purchase

in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person Money if less or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the than 20 Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, in such manner as the said principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death or On Death of Removal of any such Accountant General, King's Remembrancer Accountant or other proper Officer of the said Courts at Westminster, Edin- General, &c. burgh and Dublin respectively for the time being, all Stocks and Securities vested in him by virtue of this Act shall vest in the succeeding Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other

proper Officer of the said Courts respectively, for the Purpose hereinbefore mentioned, without any Assignment or Transfer; and all Monies paid into the said Banks respectively, in pursuance of this Act, and remaining there at the time of the Death or Removal of any Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer of the said Court respectively for the time being, shall vest in the succeeding Accountant General, King's Remembrancer or other proper Officer of the said Courts respectively for the time being.

---

CAP. XCIV.

An act to regulate the Importation of Rum into the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force Rum the Produce or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations in America may not be exported from thence and landed in the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark: And Whereas it is expedient to permit Rum, the Production and Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations, to be imported into the

---

said Islands in the manner hereinafter provided Be it therefore

1 & 2 Geo. IV.

A a

enact

354

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Rum of the British Colonies imported from Great Britain to Jersey, &c. forfeited, unless Licence by Commissioners of Customs, under Conditions herein mentioned.

27 G. 2. (I.)

C. 94, 95, 96.

enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall not be lawful to export or to enter for Exportation from any Part of Great Britain to the said Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney or Sark, or to any or either of them, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture thereof, to be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise, any Rum of the Production and Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations, unless Permission be first given for that Purpose by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, by Licence under their Hands; and the said Commissioners, or any Four or more of them, are hereby authorized and required, on Application to them in Writing for that Purpose, to grant their Licence from time to time under their Hands (such Licence to continue in force Thirty Days from the Date thereof and no longer) , to any of His Majesty's Subjects, to export from any Port in England, in British built Ships owned, registered and navigated according to Law, and not of less Burthen than Seventy Tons (according to the Rules for Admeasurement prescribed by Law) , to the said Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sark, any Rum of the Production or Manufacture of the British Colonies or Plantations, in such Quantities to the said Islands or any of them respectively as shall be approved of and directed from time to time by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to continue, until the Fifth day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, an Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for rendering the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom, Arising in Great Britain, available for the Public Service.

[10th July 1821.]

[Act 59 G. 3. c. 19., as continued by 1 G. 4. c. 44., further continued.]

CAP. XCVI.

An Act for charging a Duty on British Spirits brought into certain Parts of the District of Lisburne in Ireland.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for making 9 the River Lagan navigable, and opening a passage by Water 9 between Loughneagh and the Town of Belfast, in the County of 9 Antrim, there was amongst other Things granted to His said 9 late Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for a Term thereby 9 limited, an additional Duty of Four Pence by the Gallon, and

proportionably for any lesser Quantity, over and above the

Duties

C. 96.

355

Duties of Excise before payable to His said late Majesty, on every Gallon of Aqua Vitas, Strong Waters, or Spirits, made or i distilled within that Part of the District of Lisburne commonly known and distinguished by The Gaugers' Walks of Belfast,

Lisbtimey Moira and Hillsborough, for Sale, or that should be made er distilled in any other Part of the Kingdom of Ireland,

and brought into said Walks, or any of them, to be therein Tended by Retail: And Whereas the said recited Act hath been from time to time amended and continued by successive Acts of

the Parliament of Ireland: And Whereas in and by an Act made in the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late 4 6.3.

Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for amending c.ccxxii.

and continuing several Acts made for the Improvement of the Lagan Navigation, and for further continuing the same, the said

additional Duty on Aqua vitce, Strong Waters or Spirits, in the said first mentioned Act granted, and chargeable in the manner

therein mentioned, and aU and every the Clauses and Provisions in the said several Acts which were then in force, subject to the Alterations contained in the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth

Year aforesaid, were further continued for the Period of Twenty one Years from the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and fourteen: And Whereas by the Acts for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, it is amongst other Things provided, that generally the Subjects of both Countries should be on the same Footing in respect of Trade in all Places of the United Kingdom; and by the said Acts, certain Duties are imposed on the Importation of British Spirits into Ireland,

and which Duties from time to time have been increased, according as the Internal Duty, payable on Spirits distilled in Ireland, was from time to time increased; but no Provision has as yet been made for charging or laying any additional Duty on any Spirits made or distilled in Great Britain, and which should be brought into any of the said Gaugers' Walks of Belfast, 4 Lisburne, Moira or Hillsborough, to be therein vended by Retail; and it is just and reasonable, pursuant to the Provisions of the said Acts of Union, that a Duty should be imposed on all such British Spirits aforesaid, sufficient to countervail the said Duty of Four Pence per Gallon granted and now payable on Spirits distilled in Ireland, under and by virtue of the said first recited Act made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, and the said several Acts for the Amendment and Continuance of the same :f Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of the said several Acts for the Improvement of the Lagan Navigation, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, an additional Duty of Four Pence by the Gallon, and proportionably for any lesser Quantity, over and above the Countervailing Duties already payable to His Majesty, on every Gallon of Spirits made or Distilled in Great

Britain,

89 & 40G. S. c. 67. Art. 6.

Sched. No. 1. (A.)

40 G. S. c. 38.

Additional Duty of 4d. per Gallon, operand above Countervailing Duties, to be paid for Spirits distilled in Great Britain and brought

356

C. 96, 97.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

into Litburne, &c. and sold by Retail there.

Duties bow to be levied and applied.

50 0. 8. c. 64. 

Goods removed under recited Act may be removed a Second Time as herein mentioned

Britain, and which shall be brought into that Part of the District of Lisburne, commonly known and distinguished by The Gangers9 Walks of Belfast, Lisburne, Moira and Hillsborough, or any of them, to be therein vended by Retail; and the said additional Duty hereby granted and imposed shall be collected, paid and repaid, and applied in the like manner in all Respects in the said additional Duty of Four Pence per Gallon on Spirits distilled in Ireland is, by the Provisions of the said several Acts in force relating to the Lagan Navigation, directed to be collected, paid, repaid and applied; and that all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said Acts contained, and which are now in force, -or contained in any other Act or Acts for regulating and securing the Duties on Spirits distilled in Ireland, shall be applied and put in Practice, so far as the same may be applicable or consistent, in respect of the said additional Duty imposed on Spirits distilled in Great Britain under this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all the said Clauses, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things had been expressly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the Coasting Trade of Great Britain.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to permit the Removal of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, from the Port in Great Britain where frst warthoused, to any other warehousing Port for the Purpose of Exportation, it is enacted, that it snail and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which have been or may be lodged or deposited in any Warehouse or Warehouses under the Regulations of certain Acts therein enumerated, to remove any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize from any of the said Ports, either by Sea or Inland Navigation, to any other Port in Great Britain where the like Articles are by Law allowed to .be secured in Warehouses under the Regulations of the said Acts, or either of them, for the Purpose of being exported from such Port, 4 subject to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to permit Goods, Wares and Merchandize, so removed from one warehousing Port to another, to be removed a Second Time, for the Purpose of Exportation, to a Port where such Goods are allowed to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, for the Purpose of Exportation Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which have been or may be removed under the Authority of the said last recited Act, to remove any such Goods,

Wares

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 97'.

357

Wares or Merchandize a Second Time for the Purpose of Exportation, to any other Port in Great Britain where the like Articles are allowed by Law to be secured in Warehouses without Payment of Duty, subject to the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Restrictions, Acts, Matters and Things, in every Respect, as are now required by Law when such Goods, Wares and Merchandize are first removed from the Port of Importation to any other warehousing Port.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating ta Smuggling and the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, it is among other Things enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotlandr or any Three or more of them, whenever it shall appear to them to be necessary and proper for the Relief and Accommodation of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain, to authorize the Delivery of certain Coast Documents to the principal Coast Officer of the Customs stationed at any Creek, Harbour, Basin or Out Station* 4 in Great Britain, in respect of Goods not liable to Coast Duties And Whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners should have the like Authority in respect of Goods which are liable to Coast Duties Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England or any Four or more mf them, and the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, or any Three or more of them (whenever it shall appear to them to be necessary and proper for the Relief and Accommodation of the Coasting Trade of Great Britain) , to authorize the Delivery of the Cocquet, Transire or Let Pass, or Sufferance Warrant or Permit required by Law, to the principal Coast Officer of the Customs stationed at any Creek, Harbour, Basin or Out Station in Great Britain, and such Officer is hereby required to receive the same, for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize which are or shall be liable to the Coast Duties on Goods, Wares or Merchandize brought from any other Port or Place in Great Britain, and to receive such Duties, and to make and give a Warrant or Sufferance for the landing and discharging of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and to grant a Return for the same; and the Payment of such Duties to such Officer, and the Delivery of such Cocquet, Transire or Let Pass, or Sufferance Warrant or Permit, to such Officer, and every Warrant or Sufferance or Return made and given by such Officer shall be deemed and taken to be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Payment and Delivery had been made to, and such Warrant or Sufferance or Return had been made and given by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs for the Port to which such Creek, Harbour, Basin or Out Station may belong or appertain; any thing contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled An Act to dissolve the present and prevent the future Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen,

AaS by

without Pay-roent of Duty, subject to former Art*.

1G.4. c. 43. 20.

Commission* of Customs may authorise the Delivery ot Cocquet, See. to Coast Officer for any Goods liable to Coast Duties, who is to receive the same and give a Warrant for landing the Goods, &c.

9 Ann. c. 28.

35 *

C. 97, 98.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

52.

So far aa requires Certificates of Quantity, &c. of Coals to be registered, repealed.

Masters of Skips and others to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade, it is enacted, that every Fitter or other Person vending or delivering Coals, or some or one of them, shall give a full, true and ample Certificate or Certificates to each and evexy Shipmaster every Voyage, containing the Quantity, and other Particulars therein enumerated, of the Coals sold and loaded on board each and every Ship or Vessel, which upon the Arrival of the Ship at any delivering Port other than the Port of London shall be registered at the Custom House with the Keeper of the Cocquets there: And Whereas it is no longer expedient to require such Certificates to be registered at the Custom Houses of such Ports Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said Act as requires the said Certificates to be registered at the Custom House, at any delivering Port other than the Port of London, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to enable the Commissioners or Governors of Greenwich Hospital to continue to provide for the Payment of Out Pensioners of the said Hospital.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty 'King George the Third, intituled An Act to empower the Commissioners or Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, after defraying the necessary Expences thereof to provide for such Seamen worn out and become decrepit in the Service of their Country who shall not be provided for within the said Hospital; and to enable them to receive such Pensions as shall be granted them by the said Commissioners or Governors in the most easy and convenient Manner;

and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attending the same: And 43G.fi. c. 119. 4 Whereas another Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital; and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Futids - 46 g. s. c. 101. And Whereas another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Greenwich, and amending an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, relating to the 55 G. 9. c.l. 4 said Chest: And Whereas another Act passed in the Fifty fifth

Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Reward of Petty Officers, Seamen and Royal Marines, for long and faithful Service; and for the Consolidation of the Chest at Greenwich with the Royal Hospital 55 C. $ c. 133. 4 there: And Whereas another Act passed in the said Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to grant further Powers to the Commissioners of Chelsea and Greenwich Hospitals with respect to Pensions on those Establishments: And Whereas the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 98. 359

have, during the Continuance and since the Termination of the late Wars, paid, under the Authority of the said recited Acts, and other Acts of Parliament relating to the said Hospital,

Pensions to a considerable Number of Out Pensioners, and continued to pay such Pensioners out of such Surplus Funds under their Controul as have not been necessary for the Expences of the said Hospital: And Whereas such Payments were by the said recited Acts directed and authorized to be paid out of the Surplus only of the Income of the said Hospital, after defraying the necessary Expences of the said Hospital; And

Whereas from the Number of such Out Pensioners the continuing such Payments as heretofore may reduce the Annual Income of the said Hospital arising from the Estates, Rents, Revenues, Annuities in Public Funds, or other Securities, or

Monies and Receipts receivable and received by and under the Authority of the Commissioners and Governors, below the Sum required for the necessary Expence of the said Hospital: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners and Governors should continue to pay such Out Pensioners, and should at the same time be secured and indemnified in applying any Funds under their Controul for that Purpose, and that Provision should be made to secure the Preservation and Maintenance of the Funds necessary for the Expences of the said Hospital: '

Be.it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and y the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, Commissioners and Governors to continue to pay idl such Out of Green-Pensioners of the said Hospital in like manner as heretofore, out ", ch of the Interest or by Sale of the Principal of any Capital Stock, peSXners out Public Funds or Annuities vested in or belonging to them as such of Interest or Commissioners and Governors for the Purposes of the said Hos- by Sale of pital, other than such as shall become vested in the said Com- .Funds vest* missioners or Governors by reason of any Legacy or Bequest to , n or for the Benefit of the said Hospital: Provided always, that if ^Income rein the Judgment of the said Commissioners and Governors the duced below making any such Payments may reduce the Annual Income the necessary arising from the Estates, Rents, Revenues and Public and other Expences of Securities, and Sums applicable to the Purposes of the said Hos- TK!asu*Pto ' pital, below what may be sufficient for the necessary Expences Amount thereof, the said Commissioners and Governors shall, before the* of Exche. shall make such Payments out of any Interest or Sale of such quer Bills to Principal, require and receive from the Lord High Treasurer, or *cu* Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, IuUso Security, either by the Deposit or Issue, to the said Commissioners applied, &c. and Governors of the said Hospital, of Exchequer Bills, for all such Sums so paid or to be paid, in order that the Adequacy of the Funds of the said Hospital for the necessary Expences and Purposes thereof may be fully secured and satisfied; and the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital are hereby indemnified in making any such Payments, and applying the Funds under their Controul m paying such Out Pensioners; and the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant

360

C. 98, 99.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

When Fundi are exhausted Governors not required to pay Out Pensions.

58 G. 3. c. 85.

59 G. 3. c. 16. 59 G. 3. c. 17.

or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands, or the Hands of any Three or more of them, to direct the proper Officer of the Exchequer either to deposit with or issue to the Commissioners or Governors of the said Hospital, from time to time, any such Amount of Exchequer Bills, out of any Exchequer Bills granted by Parliament towards the Aids or Supplies of any Year, as may be necessary to secure the Amount or such Payments, or as may be necessary to enable the Commissioners and Governors to make such Payments; any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to require the said Commissioners and Governors to continue to pay any such Out Pensions after the Principal of the Capital Stock or other Public Funds or Securities now in their Possession shall be exhausted.

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for the Appropriation of certain Proceeds arising from the Capture of Vessels and Cargoes, the Property of the Subjects of the Kings of Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands, taken and seized in Violation of the Conventions made with those States, and for granting Bounties upon Slaves captured in such Vessels, and also for granting Indemnity to the Captors of certain Vessels taken in the Prosecution of the Slave Trade.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS several Acts passed in the Fifty eighth and Fifty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for carrying into execution certain Treaties or Conventions made between His said Majesty and the Kings of Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands respectively, for preventing Traffic in Slaves: And Whereas Vessels belonging to the Subjects of the said States have been captured between the Seventeenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, and the Period at which the Commissioners appointed in virtue of such Treaties or Conventions have assembled: And Whereas the Vessels belonging to the Subjects of Portugal so captured as aforesaid, are by the Additional Convention with that State, 4 bearing Date the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, made the Subject of special Adjudication under the Mixt Commission established in London: And Whereas during the Period aforesaid certain Proceedings have been had and Decrees have been made, without due Authority or Jurisdiction, in the Vice Admiralty Court at Sierra Leone, in respect of Seizures of the Vessels and Cargoes belonging to the Subjects of Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands, 4 some qr all of them, for alleged Contravention of the said Treaties or Conventions: And "Whereas it is expedient and necessary to make further Provisions and Regulations respecting all the aforesaid Ships and Cargoes, and also for the Payment of Bounties in certain cases for Slaves seized and taken on board the said Ships May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

361

c. 99.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be law- Treuurymay ful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to direct the direct original Papers and Proceedings respecting all Ships, Vessels and ?3i"and Pro' Cargoes belonging to any of the Subjects of Spam, Portugal or tpecth^g Vessels the Netherlands, condemned in the Vice Admiralty Court at Sierra *nd Cargoes Leone since the Seventeenth Day of February One thousand eight condemned at hundred and fifteen, to be transmitted to the Registry of the High Sierra Leone, Court of Admiralty of England; and further, to direct the Proceeds of such Ships and Cargoes, in whosesoever Possession the Admiralty7 same may be, to be remitted and paid for the Use of His Majesty, Court of Eng-in such manner as the said Commissioners of the Treasury may land, direct afid appoint; and further, that it shall be lawful for the said Proceedings for Commissioners of the Treasury to institute Proceedings in the said Proceeds. High Court of Admiralty against any Person or Persons in Possession of the said Proceeds, for the Purpose of obtaining Payment of the same, and to enforce the Payment thereof by Process of the said Court, and to reward the Captors in all the cases aforesaid, by granting to them One Moiety of the Proceeds of every Ship and Cargo captured as aforesaid.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Cap- in what case tors shall not be entitled to any such Reward where it shall have Captors not been adjudged, by the Mixt Commission established in London for entitled to the Adjudication of the Claims of Portuguese Subjects, that such Seizure was wrongfully made, and the remaining Moiety of the said Proceeds shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint to receive the same, for the Use of His Mi

III. An it further enacted, That in every Seizure of any Treasury may Ship or Vessel for being engaged or employed in the illicit Traffic the

in Slaves, made before the passing of this Act by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, or any Ship or Vessel duly com- incurre<i by* missioned by any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any of His Captors to be Majesty's Colonies or Settlements, in which it shall appear to the paid out of the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of Proceeds, &c. His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, that such Seizure has not been wantonly or improperly made, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that all the Costs, Charges and Expences which may have been or may be incurred by the Person or Persons making such Seizures in any Proceedings, or for any Matter or Thing relating thereto, or arising out of any such Seizure, shall be paid and defrayed out of the Proceeds of such Capture or Seizure, or out of any of the Proceeds of the said Vessels or Cargoes paid or to be paid to the Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, under the Provisions of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That wherever Ships and Car- In whmt cue

goes captured by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or by any IVc8"

Ship or Vessel commissioned by any Governor or Lieutenant J^rondemiied Governor of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Settlements, have for illicit trad, been in fact condemned Tor illicit trading in Slaves, contrary to ing in Slaves, the Treaties or Conventions made with the Governments of Spain9 confirmed in

C. 9&

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Possession of Proceeds.

Captors of Vessels, after Condemnation, entitled to Moiety of Proceeds be-longipg to His Majesty.

A Bounty of lOjt for every Slave seized on board.

llow issued tnd distributed.

Like Bounty of 101. to be paid for every Slave seised on board of Vessels of

Portugal or the Netherlands, and where Distribution of the Proceeds thereof has been made prior to the passing of this Act, the said Captors shall be confirmed and are hereby confirmed in the Possession of the said Proceeds; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That where any Ship or Vessel employed or engaged in illicit Traffic in Slaves, in Violation of any of the said Conventions hereinbefore mentioned, shall be seized by any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, duly authorized under the Provisions of the said Conventions to make such Seizure, and shall be afterwards condemned by any of the Commissions appointed in virtue of the Treaties or Conventions aforesaid, there shall be paid to the Captors the Moiety to which His Majesty is entitled under the said Conventions of the net Proceeds of the said ribip and Cargo, the said Moiety of the said net Proceeds to be distributed in the manner hereafter directed for the Distribution of Bounties on Slaves taken on board the said Vessels.

VI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland a Bounty of Ten Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for every Man, Woman and Child Slave seized and found on board any Ship or Vessel taken, and by the Commissioners appointed in virtue of any of the said Conventions condemned for illicit Traffic in Slaves, in Violation of any of the Provisions of the said Conventions; such Bounty to be issued and paid by Order from the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and to be distributed to and amongst the Captors aforesaid, in such Manner and Proportions as is directed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Distribution of Proceeds, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, or by any other Proclamation which His Majesty may from time to time be pleased to issue in this Behalf.

VII. And Whereas certain Treaties were concluded with His Royal Highness the Prince Regent of Portugal, on the Nineteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and ten, and the Twenty second Day of January One thousand eight hundred and fifteen; and an additional Convention to the said last merftioned Treaty, for the Purpose of preventing the illicit Traffic in Slaves, was also concluded on the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas 4 a Treaty with His Catholic Majesty the King of Spain, for the Purpose aforesaid, was concluded on the Twenty third Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen: And Whereas a Treaty with His Majesty the King of the Netherlands, 4 for the like Purpose, was concluded on the Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen: And Whereas prior to the passing of this Act, and since the Conclusion of the said Treaties respectively, divers Seizures have been made of Ships, 4 Cargoes and Slaves on board the said Ships, the said Ships being engaged in Traffic for Slaves, contranr to the Provisions of the said Treaties, some or one of them:' Be it further enacted, That in all Captures as aforesaid of Portuguese Vessels made by any of His Majesty's Ships of War, or any Ship or Vessel duly commissioned by any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any of His

r* Majesty's

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 99.

363

Majesty's Colonies or Settlements, between the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and fourteen, and the Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, on account of any Treaty or Convention with Portugal, there shall be paid a like bounty of Ten Pounds for every Man, Woman, and Child Slave so seized and taken; and in all Captures of any Vessel belonging to Spain, Portugal or the Netherlands, captured by any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels duly authorized under the Provisions of the said Treaties-of the said Twenty eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and seventeen with Portugal, the said Twenty third Day of September One thousand eight hundred and seventeen with Spain, and the said Fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eighteen with the Netherlands, prior to the passing of this Act, and condemned for Contravention of the Provisions thereof, there shall be paid a like Bounty of Ten Pounds for every Man, Woman, and Child Slave found on board any such Vessel; to be distributed to the Captors thereof in the same manner as is by the Provisions of this Act hereinbefore directed: Provided always, that in all cases in which the Proceeds of any such Capture shall have been distributed among the Captors, and allowed to be retained by such Captors under the Provisions of this Act, the Amount of the Moiety of the Proceeds shall be deducted from such Bounties.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Bounty or Bounties, or any Proceeds, are by virtue of this Act given to any capturing Vessel, being a Vessel duly commissioned by any Governor or Lieutenant Governor of any of His Majesty's Colonies or Settlements, the said Proceeds and Bounty or Bounties shall be distributed in such manner as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall be pleased to direct or appoint.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Party or Parties claiming any Benefit under the said Act shall and may resort to the High Court of Admiralty, for the Purpose of obtaining the Judgment of the said Court in that Behalf; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Judge of the said High Court of Admiralty to determine thereon.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Forfeitures and Penalties respecting the Delivery by Prize Agents of Accounts for Examination, and the Distribution of Prize Money, and the accounting for and paying over the Proceeds of Prize, and the per Centage due thereon, to Greenwich Hospital, shall be and are hereby extended to all Bounties and Proceeds to be distributed under the Provisions of this Act to the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War, whether the said Bounty and Proceeds shall be paid to Prize Agents or to any other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Officers and Crews of any of His Majesty's Ships or Vessels of War.

XI. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to allow Ships taken and condemned for being used

in carrying on the Slave Trade, to be registered as British built

Ships} it was amongst other things enacted, that all Ships or Ves-

Gsels,

V

Portugal, Spain and Netherlands, captured as herein mentioned.

Proviso as to Proceeds that have been distributed and allowed.

Proceeds and Bounties distributed as Treasury shall direct.

Proviso for Resort to Court of Admiralty.

Regulations to which Prize Agents are liable, extended to Bounties and Proceeds distributed under this Act.

54 G. 3. c. 59.

364?

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

C. 99, 100.

Captured Slave Vessels condemned as forfeited to have Certificate of Registry, and be deemed a British Ship.

sels, whether British or Foreign, which should at any Time after the passing of the said recited Act become forfeited under any i of the Provisions of any Act or Acts of Parliament then in force,

or which might thereafter be passed for the Prevention, Abolition or Regulation of the Slave Trade, and be adjudged to be for-

feited in any Court of Record in Great Britain, or which should be condemned as forfeited in any Court of Admiralty or Vice

Admiralty in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for any Offence in relation to the Slave Trade, should, from and after such Judgment or Condemnation respectively, be entitled to a Certificate of Registry as a British Ship, and thereupon have and enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages of British built Ships and Vessels, in like manner with Ships and Vessels taken by His Majesty's Ships of War and condemned as lawful Prize of War

in Courts of Admiralty: And Whereas it is expedient that all Ships or Vessels which shall have been or may be captured,

seized or detained by any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, for being employed or engaged in any illicit Traffic in Slaves, in Violation of either of the said Conventions, and which shall have been or may be condemned by any Commission Court established under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of either of the said Conventions, should be registered as British built Ships Be it therefore enacted, That every Ship or Vessel which shall have been or may be captured or seized by any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty, for being engaged or employed in any illicit Traffic in Slaves in Violation of either of the said Conventions, and which shall have been before the passing of this Act, or which may hereafter be condemned as forfeited by any Commission Court established under or in pursuance of any of the Provisions of either of the said Conventions, shall be entitled to and have a Certificate of Registry as a British Ship, and shall thereupon be, and be deemed and taken to be, a British registered Ship, and thereupon have and enjoy all the Privileges and Advantages of British built Ships and Vessels, and shall in like manner be subject to the same Provisions, Regulations, Conditions and Refrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as Ships or Vessels condemned in any Court of Admiralty or Vice Admiralty, in any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, for any Offence in relation to the Slave Trade.

CAP. C.

An Act for regulating the Exportation of Hops to Foreign Parts, and allowing a Drawback of the Excise Duty paid thereon.

[10th July 1821.]

Drawback of Excite Duty on Exportation of Hops.

WHEREAS it is expedient to allow a Drawback of the Duty of Excise Qn British Hops exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be allowed for every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops grown, cured and made fit for Use in Great Britain, and exported, from and after the Twelfth Day of January One thousand eight

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

365

A.D. 1821.

C. 100, 101.

hundred and twenty one* as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, the Whole of the Excise Duty paid thereon.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Hops as aforesaid Hops to be ex-shall be exported as aforesaid in the original Package and Pack- P?t?d !nphe. ages in which the same were charged with Duty, each such Pack- ^J^ntairinir age containing at the least One Hundred Weight of such Hops, ^t g

under and subject to the several Provisions contained in an Act Ooe Cwt. sub-made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty jeettothe Re-King George the Third, for regulating the Exportation of Hops to gu^ion* of Ireland, and other Acts touching or relating to the Exportation of J c, 5 '

any Goods subject to a Duty or Duties of Excise, upon Drawback; and that all and singular the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, contained, provided, settled or established in or by the said Act and Acts respectively, shall also be used, applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of the Exportation of Hops to Foreign Parts, so far as such Rules, Regulations, Restrictions or Provisions, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures respectively, are or may be applicable or applied thereto, as fully and effectually as if the same were repeated and again enacted in this present Act.

CAP. CI.

An Act to extend to Ireland an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures, and to continue the same until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the S9G. 3. c. 112. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, in- $ I.

tituled An Act to grant, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, an additional Bounty on the Exportation of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain, it was enacted, that there should be paid and allowed the Bounties, Allowances and Sums of Money in the said Act mentioned, on the Exportation from Great Britain of certain Silk Manufactures of Great Britain: And Whereas it is iust and expedient that the like Bounties should be paid and allowed on the Exportation from Ireland of the like Silk Manufactures of Ireland, and that the said Act should be further continued Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act The like Boun-there shall be paid and allowed to any Person or Persons who, tie* as are pay-during the Continuance of this* Act, shall really and truly export ^lcon from Ireland by way of Merchandize any Ribbons or Stuffs made in Ireland of Silk only, the like Bounties, Allowances and Sums of stuffs from Money as in and by the said recited Act are allowed and made Great Britain payable on the Exportation from Great Britain of Ribbons and to be paid on Stuffs made in Great Britain; and that such Bounties shall be in th.c ExPrt-addition to all other Bounties or Allowances payable in respect fa, ircinml. thereof; and that such additional Allowances or Bounties shall be

3 66

C. 101, 102.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Continuance of this and recited Act

paid and allowed in the same Manner, and subject to the same Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Allowances and Bounties granted by Law on the Silk Manufactures of Ireland are now paid and allowed, and under such other Regulations and Restrictions as are mentioned and contained in the said recited Act of the last Session of Parliament, with respect to the Payment of such Bounties m Great Britain.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act and the said recited Act shall be and continue in force until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

Drawback of 4d. per Gallon to be paid for such Vinegar or Acetous Acid as shall be exported of the Strength of

Proof, and so in proportion for a greater Degree of Strength. 58G.S. c. 65.

55 G. S. c. 176.

Flat Tiles for the Foundation

CAP. CII.

An Act for altering the Drawback on Acetous Acid exported; and for exempting Tiles made for draining Lands from Duty.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS Acetous Acid is made and exported from Great 1 W Britain to Foreign Parts of a Strength greatly above the Strength of Proof; and it is expedient that the Drawback payable thereon should be correspondent thereto Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Drawback of Four Pence for every Gallon Wine Measure of Vinegar or Acetous Acid, not being under Proof, brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, or brewed or made in Ireland and imported from thence into Great Britain, and exported from thence to Foreign Parts, on which respectively the Duties imposed by an Act made in the Fifty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repealing the Duties of Excise on Verjuice and Vinegar, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for more effectually securing the Duties of Excise on Vinegar or Acetous Acid, have been paid, shall be payable and paid for every Gallon Wine Measure of such Vinegar or Acetous Acid which shall be exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, of the Strength of Proof, and so in proportion for any greater Degree of Strength thereof above Proof; any thing in the said recited Act or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; subject nevertheless to all and every the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Drawback herein recited, or to the Allowance of any Drawback of a Duty or Duties of Excise on Goods exported from Great Britain to Foreign Parts, so far as the same are applicable thereto.

II. And Whereas by an Act made in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said fate Majesty, certain flat Tiles therein described are allowed to be made free of Duty, for the sole Purpose of serving for the Foundations or Support of such semi eliptical Tiles for draining wet or marshy Lands as are therein mentioned: And Whereas for further encouraging the draining of wet or marshy Lands, it is expedient to extend such Exemption from Duty to the flat Tiles hereinafter described; Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall

and

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

0.102, 103.

3 67

and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to make flat of semi clipti. Tiles for the sole Purpose of serving for the Foundations or Sup- d T*lle8 U8^d port of such semi eliptical Tiles as shall be made and applicable and fit for the sole Purpose of draining wet or marshy Lands, and efopted^from " no such fiat Tile being fit or proper for the Purpose of being used Duty, in Building, or in the Roof or Covering of any House, Shed or other Building whatever, or otherwise than as aforesaid, without being charged or chargeable with any Duty for or in respect of such flat Tiles; aily thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

CAP. CIII.

An Act to authorize Collectors of the Customs in Ireland to bring to Account the Proceeds of Goods sold under the Provisions of the Warehousing Acts.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the 46 G.s. c. 87. Reign of His late Majesty, intituled An Act more effec- %12 *

1 totally to regulate the Collection of the Duties on Goods, Wares 4. and Merchandize imported or exported into or from Ireland, and the Payment of Bounties, Allowances and Drawbacks thereon, it is amongst other things enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for

+the said Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties, or for the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Port for the Time being, in their respective Districts, in all cases where Goods are or shall be entered on Bills of Store or Bills of View, and brought into His Majesty's Warehouses for the Security of the Duties thereon, except such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respecting which any special Provision is made by this or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland, to cause all such Goods, if perishable, which shall have remained there for the Space of Two Months, and if not perishable, for the Space of Six Months, the Duties upon which have not been paid or secured as the Law directs, to be publicly sold by Auction or Inch of Candle, as soon as conveniently they can, and after such Sale the Produce thereof shall be first applied towards Payment of the Duties and of the Storage and all other Charges thereon, and the Overplus (if any) shall be rendered and paid to the Proprietor or other Person lawfully authorized to receive the same: Provided always, that before any such Sale shall be made of any perishable Goods Three Days' Notice thereof, and before any such Sale of Goods not perishable then One Month's Notice thereof, and of the Place,

* , Day and Hour of making such Sale respectively, shall be publicly posted up and kept exposed to open View in the Long Room at the Custom House of the Port where such Sale is to be *4 made, specifying Article and Package, and the respective Marks

thereon: And Whereas under the Provisions of the said recited Act certain Goods have from time to time been sold by the Collectors or other Officers of the Customs as by the said recited Act is directed, and certain Sums of Money (after Payment of Duties, Storage and all other Charges thereon) have remained and now remain in the Hands of the said Collectors, the Proprietors or other Persons lawfully authorized to receive the same

not

iC

368

C. 108, 104.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Collectors of Customs in Ireland to pay over Money so received by them to Receiver General;

and also pay to the Proprietors the Sums to which they are entitled.

not having claimed or demanded Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money: And Whereas it is advisable to empower and authorize

the said Collectors to account for and pay over to the Receiver General of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Ireland for the

Time being, all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been re-i ceived or hereafter may be by them received for or upon ac-< count of Goods sold under the Provisions of the said recited Act,

or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland relating to warehoused Goods Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Collectors of the Customs in Ireland, and they are hereby required, to pay over all such Sum or Sums of Money received or to be received as aforesaid to the said Receiver General of Customs; such Money to be brought to Charge and applied to the Account of the Consolidated Duties of Customs in Ireland.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland for the Time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time to order and direct any Collector or Collectors of the Customs for the Time being to nay over, out of any Money in his or their Hands arising from the Revenue of Customs, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Goods as have been or may be so sold and the Produce paid over as aforesaid, all suchlSum or Sums of Money as such Proprietor or Proprietors may now be or shall hereafter become entitled to under the Provisions of the said recited Act.

1 G. 4. c. 61.

5.

<SG. 8. c. 99.

CAP. CIV.

An act to amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for regulating the Trade of the Isle of Man, so far as relates to the Quantity of Muscovado Sugar to be imported into the said Island.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to charge additional Duties on the Importation of certain Articles into the Isle of Man, and to regulate the Trade of the said Island, it is among other things enacted, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four of them, to grant their Licences, under the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for regulating and encouraging the Trade, for the Improvement of the Revenue and Prevention of Smuggling in and from the Isle of Man, for

the Importation mto therort of Douglas in the Isle <f Man of Five thousand five hundred Weight of Muscovado Sugar, and no

more, in any one Year, in British built Ships, owned, registered

and navigated according to Law, and not of less Burthen than

Fifty Tons: And Whereas it is expedient that a greater Quantity of Sugar should be imported into the said Island:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by

i and

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 104, 105.

369

A.D. 1821.

and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing Commissioners of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four of them, to grant their Licences under the Rules, Regulations and Provisions of the imp0rtarionof said recited Act of the Forty fifth Year of His said late Majesty's certain Quan-Reign, for the Importation into the Port of Douglas, in the Isle of tity of Sugar Many of Six thousand hundred Weight of Muscovado Sugar, and hj* uje Fort of no more, in any one Year, in British built Ships, owned, registered Doug a:i* and navigated according to Law, and not of less Burthen than Fifty Tons.

CAP. CV.

An Act for amending the Laws of Excise relating to warehoused Goods.

[1 Oth July 1821.]

WHEREAS by the Laws now in force certain Goods imVV ported into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland may be warehoused by the Importer thereof, under the 4. Joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, without Payment by such Importer, at the Time of Importation, of the Duties imposed and payable for or in respect thereof, on Bond being given by such Importer for Payment within a limited Time of all such Duties (except on such Part of such Goods as shall before the Expiration of that Period be duly exported) according to the Account taken by the Officers of Customs or Excise of such Goods at the Time they were imported: And Whereas such Goods are liable to natural Waste and Decrease whilst so remaining warehoused and secured as aforesaid, and it is expedient to relieve as hereinafter mentioned all such Importers as aforesaid, from Payment of the Duties on the Quantities of any of such Goods exported as aforesaid, which shall, on the Examination by the Officer of the Casks or other Packages thereof mentioned in the Notice given for such Exportation, be found by him to be decreased from natural Waste, and to make further Regulations relating to Goods so warehoused Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That on the Exportation to Foreign Parts from any of the Docks in the Port of London, or from such Warehouse or Warehouses in any other Port in the United Kingdom as shall be named or described in any Order or Warrant that shall be issued by the Lords of the Treasury for the Time being, or any Three of them, for that Purpose, subject to the Conditions, Provisions and Regulations therein specified and directed, of any Spirits, Wine, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Pepper warehoused or otherwise secured under the Joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, without Payment at the Time of Importation of the Duties imposed and payable for or in respect thereof respectively, on Bond given by such Importers for Payment within a limited Time of all such Duties, except on such Part of such Goods as shall before the Expiration of that Period be duly exported from the 1 & 2 Geo. IY. B b United

On taking out of Warehouse Wine, Spirits, Coffee, &c. for Eiportation, no Duty to be cl larged for Decrease of Quantity arising from natural Waste.

370

C. 105.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

How Amount of Decrease ascertained.

Allowance for Waste not to exceed the Proportions herein mentioned.

United Kingdom, according to the Account taken by the proper Officers of such Goods at the Time they were imported, if the Wine contained in any Cask so exported shall be found by the proper Officer to be at the Time when the same is delivered for the Purpose of being so exported from the Warehouse wherein the same has been lodged and secured as aforesaid, to be from natural Waste decreased, and less in Quantity than when such Wine was imported, lodged and secured as aforesaid, or if the Spirits contained in any Cask so exported shall be found by such Officer, at the Time when the same is delivered as aforesaid for the Purpose as aforesaid, to be from natural Waste decreased, and less in Quantity than when such Spirits were imported, lodged and secured as aforesaid, the Amount of such Loss or Decrease being ascertained, where such Spirits were imported of a Strength above the Strength of Proof, by deducting the Number of Gallons by Gauge or Measure of the Bulk of such Spirits, with the Number of Gallons of the Over Proof of such Spirits (if any remain) added thereto, so delivered for Exportation, from the Number of Gallons by Gauge or Measure of the Bulk of such Spirits, with the Number of Gallons of the Over Proof of such Spirits added thereto at the Time the same were imported, lodged and secured as aforesaid, being the total Number of Gallons for which the Importer or Importers of such Spirits were chargeable with Duty on the Importation thereof; or if the Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Pepper respectively so exported, shall be found by the proper Officer to be at the Time of being delivered as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, to be from natural Waste decreased and less in Weight than when such Coffee, Cocoa Nuts and Pepper respectively were imported, lodged and secured as aforesaid, the Importer and Importers thereof respectively shall not be charged or chargeable with or liable to pay any Duty or Duties of Excise or Customs for or in respect of any such decreased Quantities or Quantity of any of suen Goods which he, she or they shall at any Time take from and out of the Warehouse or Place in which the same are or were secured as aforesaid, and export as aforesaid, subject to the Laws and Regulations provided by Law for that Purpose: Provided always, that 'such decreased Quantity from natural Waste, on which such Allowance of the Duty and Duties shall be so made, shall not exceed or be more than the respective Proportions following; videlicet, One Gallon of Wine for and upon every Calk of Wine so exported, which shall have remained in the Warehouse secured as aforesaid for any Period not exceeding One Year; Two Gallons for and upon every such Cask which shall have so remained in the Warehouse for any Period exceeding One Year and not exceeding Two Years; and Three Gallons for and upon every such Cask which shall have so remained in the Warehouse for any Period exceeding Two Years; and One Gallon Hydrometer Proof of Spirits, for every such One hundred Gallons of the Spirits from which the Spirits so exported were or are deducted as aforesaid, to ascertain the Amount of such Decrease thereon as aforesaid, and after the same Rate for any less Quantity of Spirits contained in any Cask or Casks so exported, which shall have remained in the Warehouse secured as aforesaid for any Period not exceeding Six Months; Two Gallons for every such One hundred Gallons of

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 10 5.

371

such Spirits which shall have so renamed in the Warehouse for any Period exceeding Six Months and not exceeding Twelve Months; Three Gallons for every such One hundred Gallons of such Spirits which shall have so remained in the Warehouse for any Period exceeding Twelve Months and not exceeding Eighteen Months; Four Gallons for every such One hundred Gallons of such Spirits which shall have so remained in the Warehouse for any Period exceeding Eighteen Months and not exceeding Two Years; and Five Gallons for every such One hundred Gallons of such Spirits which shall have so remained in the Warehouse for any Period exceeding Two Years; and Two Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of Coffee, Cocoa Nuts and Pepper respectively, according to the Account taken thereof by the proper Officer, for the Purpose of charging the Duties payable on the Importation thereof, which shall be taken out of any such Warehouse or Place, and exported from the United Kingdom as aforesaid to Foreign Parts, within the Time limited for that Purpose, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity; and provided that Proviso for nothing herein contained shall extend or be deemed or construed charging Duties to extend to prevent or hinder the full Duties of Excise and CurtomsTsHUi Customs, without any Allowance or Deduction whatsoever, from ou" Allowance being chargeable, charged, demanded and paid on all Spirits, on Spirit *, &c. Wine, Coffee, Cocoa Nuts and Pepper respectively, so warehoused taken out of and secured as aforesaid, and taken out of any such Warehouse Warehouse for for Home Consumption, at the Time they are respectively so Hom*Con-taken out for that Purpose, according to the Account taken at the 8ump on* Time of the Importation thereof, or in any such Warehouse; and Spirits to be that every such Cask of Spirits shall be regauged, %nd the Strength "gauged, and of the Spirits therein re-examined by the proper Officer with the Hydrometer at the Time of being so delivered and taken out for '

Home Consumption; and such Officer is hereby authorized to draw from every such Cask a fresh Sample of Half a Pint of such Spirits for that Purpose, returning such Sample, when found of or below the Strength at which such Spirits were imported, to the Cask from which such Sample was drawn; and that nothing in this Act shall Not to exempt exempt or be deemed or construed to exempt any Quantity or fro, Tl Dutie Quantities of any of such Goods from being chargeable and charged with all such Duties, that may be found or discovered after such Account Account has been first taken, and such Goods have been de- first taken, posited in any such Warehouse or other Place as aforesaid, and shall not be exported as aforesaid; nor shall this Act extend or To what De-be construed to extend to any Waste, Deficiency or Quantity ficiency Act to which shall have been found to be wanting in any Cask or Casks eiUnd on*Y* of Wine or Spirits, or in the Weight of any Coffee, Cocoa Nuts or Pepper so exported, for or in respect of which the Duties were or have been paid, but to such only whereon the Duties have not been paid before the passing of this Act, and to such Goods as shall be hereafter exported; any thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: And provided that it shall and may be lawful for the Treasury may Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the Time further being, or any Three of them, to extend and make further Allow- A, loiirwJC* ance for and after a larger Rate of Decrease of Spirits so exported than as aforesaid, if they shall deem it necessary or expedient

C. 105.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Warehoused Goods subject to Regulations of Act.

Bond f6r Payment of Duties within Three Years, except for Goods taken out for Home Consumption, or exported before Expiration of that Time, &c.

Goods to be sold by Commissioners of Excise for Home Consumption at the Expiration of Three Years.

If Price for Home Consumption not sufficient for Dudes, &c. such Goods may be sold for Exportation.

so to do, under and subject to such Conditions, Limitations, Provisions and Regulations as they may direct by any Order or Warrant, Orders or Warrants, to be by them issued for that Purpose.

II. And be it further' enacted, That all Goods whatsoever imported into the United Kingdom, and subject to any Excise Duty or Duties, which may by Law be so warehoused and secured as aforesaid, under Bond, without Payment of such Duty or Duties at the Time of the Importation thereof, shall be warehoused as aforesaid under and subject to the Regulations contained in and referred to by this Act; and that in lieu of the Time or Period, Times or Periods, for which any such Bond or Bonds is or are now given or directed to be given for Payment of the Duties charged or chargeable on any such Goods subject to any Excise Duty or Duties, and so warehoused as aforesaid, and not exported before the Expiration thereof, every such Bond shall be made and given for Payment of such Duties within Three Years from and after the Day of the Date of such Bond, except for such Part of the Goods therein mentioned as shall, before the Expiration of such Three Years, be taken out on Payment of Duty for Home Consumption, or duly exported to Foreign Parts; and that no Goods subject to any Duty or Duties of Excise, which have been or shall be so warehoused or otherwise secured under Bond as aforesaid, in any Port or Place of the United Kingdom, shall, on Removal to any other Port or Place of the United Kingdom, be warehoused at the Port or Place to which the same shall be removed, without Payment of the Duty and Duties thereon for more than the Residue of the said Terra of Three Years then unexpired, from the Day of the Date of the Bond given on the first Importation of such Goods, or of the Goods of which such Goods are a Part, from .Foreign Parts into the United Kingdom; and if any such Goods shall not be taken out by the Importer, Owner or Proprietor thereof, from the Warehouse or other Place in-which the same shall be secured as aforesaid, and the Duty and all'Duties charged or chargeable thereon paid, or exported to Foreign Parts, before the Expiration of the Time or Period for which such Goods shall be secured as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to order all such Goods to he sold for Home Consumption, and to sell the same for Home Consumption for the best Price that can be obtained for the same, (not being less than the full Amount of all the Duties of Customs and Excise, together with the Expences and Charges respectively, charged and chargeable thereon, or for or in respect thereof^) paying the Surplus after the Satisfaction of such Duties in or towards discharging the Expences of such Sale, and afterwards of other the Charges and Expences aforesaid, and the Residue thereof (if any) to the Importer or Importers of such Goods; and if such Price for Home Consumption cannot be obtained, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Owner, Proprietors or Owners of the Warehouse in which any such Goods shall be lodged and secured as aforesaid, the Consent of the Commissioners of Excise being first had and obtained, to sell the same for Exportation only, for the best Price that can be obtained for the same, paying and applying the Proceeds of such Sale towards discharging all Charges and Expences of such Sale and as aforesaid,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 105. 373

said, and rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods; and if any such Goods so warehoused as aforesaid shall not, within Three Months next after the Expiration of the Time for which the same have been secured as aforesaid, be sold as aforesaid, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise to order all such Goods to be effectually destroyed, and to destroy the same as such Commissioners may think fit, and the Proprietor or Owner of such Goods or Warehouse shall have no Claim either in Law or Equity to the Value of the Goods so destroyed, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that no such Power or Authority to sell or destroy, or to consent to the Sale of such Goods as aforesaid, shall in any respect weaken, lessen or satisfy any such Bond as aforesaid, or hinder or prevent the Commissioners of Excise, if they shall see Cause so to do, from enforcing and putting the same in Suit for the Satisfaction of the Duties or any Part thereof thereby secured, and which have become and remain payable and unpaid: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, for the Time being, by their Warrant or Order, to extend and enlarge the Time during which any such Goods shall or may remain so warehoused, upon such Conditions, and under and subject to such Provisions and Regulations, as they may deem it expedient from time to time to issue and direct for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Goods imported into the Port of London, subject or liable to any Duty or Duties of Excise, and on which all the Duty and Duties imposed or payable thereon have not been paid, delivered for Removal from any Vessel lying in the River Thames, in the Port of London, or from the East India Docks to the London Docks, or to any Wharf in the Port of London; nor shall any Pepper delivered from any Warehouse in which the same shall be lodged and secured without Payment of the Duty chargeable thereon at the Time of the Importation thereof, to oe shipped in the Port of London for Exportation; nor shall any other Goods subject to any Duty or Duties of Excise, and so lodged and secured and delivered from any such Warehouse in the Port of London, to be shipped in the City Canal or in any Part of the River Thames in the Port of London at or below Black-wall in the said Port, be on such Delivery put in or on board of any Lighter or other Vessel to be so removed or shipped, unless such Lighter be a decked Lighter, having Hatches secured by proper Fastenings, for the Purpose of being locked by the proper Officer of Excise whilst such Goods are on board thereof, and be in other respects safe and secure for the Removal or Shipment as aforesaid of such Goods respectively; and if any such Goods as aforesaid, delivered as aforesaid, shall be put into or on board of any Lighter or other Vessel than as aforesaid, for any such Purpose as aforesaid, without the Decks, Hatches and Fastenings of such Lighter being first examined and approved by the proper Officer of Excise, all such Goods shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any Person or Persons shall remove any such Lighter, having any of such Goods on board thereof, before the Hatches of such Lighter have been locked and sealed by the proper Officer of Excise, or

If not sold in Three Months after the Period for which Security was given. Goods may be destroyed.

Proviso for Bonds.

Treasury may enlarge the Time allowed for warehousing.

Regulations for Delivery of Pepper and other Goods for Removal, and putting on board Lighters, &c.

Goods forfeited. Removing Lighters having such Goods on board before Hatches fastened, &c.

371

C. 105.

1 8t 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Penalty 2001. Commissionen of Excite may authorise Removal in Vessels not decked.

Wine landed at London Docks may be warehoused for Exportation only.

In what case Proprietor of Wine warehoused for Home Consumption or Exportation to give Notice of Exportation.

Bond.

Wine may be removed to Warehouse specially appropriated.

Bond on Importation then discharged.

shall at any Time whilst any such Goods are on board thereof) break or injure any Part of the Deck or Hatches or any of such Locks or Fastenings of or on board of any such Lighter, or shat) in any manner open the same without the Consent and Approbation of the proper Officer of Excise, or remove or conceal any of such Goods put therein, or alter the same in Quantity or Quality, every Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Excise, if it shall appear to them expedient so to do in any particular Case, to authorise the Removal of any such Goods as aforesaid in any Lighter or Vessel not decked, under such Securities and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from time to time think fit to direct.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer of any Wine imported into the Port of Londont and landed in the London Docks, to warehouse, in some Warehouse or Warehouses at the London Docks, and belonging to the London Dock Company, appropriated for that Purpose only, any Cask or Casks of such Wine for Exportation only, to be secured in such Warehouse by such Bond as hereinafter mentioned; and for the Owner, Proprietor or Bonder of any Wine warehoused and secured in any Warehouse or Warehouses situate at the London Docks in the Port of London, and belonging to the London Dock Company, for Home Consumption or Exportation as aforesaid, who shall be desirous of fitting the same for Exportation by any Alteration in or of the Strength or Quality thereof, to give Notice in Writing to the proper Inspector of Excise, of his or their Desire and Intention to export any of the Casks of such Wine included in any Bond and so warehoused as last aforesaid to Foreign Parts, specifying therein the Marks, Numbers, full Content and Ullage Quantity of the Casks of Wine so intended to be so exported, together with the Names of the Ship by which such Wine was imported, and of the Master thereof, and of the Place from which such Wine was imported, and of the Person by whom Bond was given on such Importation, the Date of such Bond, and the particular Kind or Denominatitm of such Wine; and such Owner or Proprietor shall thereupon enter into and give Bond, with Sureties as approved of by the Commissioners of Excise, for the due Exportation of such Wine from such Warehouse as herein mentioned directly to Foreign Parts; and after giving such Bond as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for such Owner and Proprietor, in pursuance thereof, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, to remove all such Wine in the original Cask and Casks in 'which the same was or shall be imported, or in the Cask or Casks into which the same has been or shall be racked off and put for greater Security with the Knowledge of the Officer, from the Warehouse or Place in which the same has been or shall be deposited, placed and secured as aforesaid on the Importation thereof, into a Warehouse, Cellar or Place situated within the outer Wall of the London Docks, and to be specially appropriated and used for that Purpose; and upon such Removal after such Bond is given as aforesaid, the Importer or Importers of the Wine so removed, and the Bond or Bonds of such Importer or Importers given on

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 105. 575

the Importation thereof, shall be discharged from such Wine and from the Duties charged or chargeable thereon, in the same manner as if such Wine was actually exported; and all such Limitation Wine shall be duly exported directly from the Warehouse, Cellar of time for or Place in which the same is so lodged for Exportation only, to Exportation. Foreign Parts, before the Expiration of Three Years from the Day of the Date of the Importation of such Wine, or in default thereof, shall be. sold or destroyed as hereinbefore provided.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Wine, so ware- Wine so ware, housed for Exportation only as aforesaid, shall be kept in such boused for Ex-Warehouse as aforesaid separate and apart by a Wall or a suffi- portanon only, cient internal Division or Partition, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise or the Officer authorized by the Com- P"1*' missioner8 of Excise for that Purpose, from all other Wine, subject and liable to a different Rate or Rates of Duty, except such a* shall be mixed therewith as hereinafter mentioned, and from all Wine and Spirits which may be taken out for Home Consumption on Payment of the Duty or Duties thereon, or warehoused for that Purpose; and it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Notice of In-Proprietor or Bonder of any such Wine so warehoused for Export- tention to fit ation only as aforesaid, and for the Purpose of fitting such Wine SJ0*1 wi^ for Exportation from such Warehouse directly to Foreign Parts, by any Alteration of the Strength or Quality thereof, to give Qf strength. Twenty four Hours' Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, stating therein the Desire and Intention of such Owner,

Proprietor or Bonder, to mix with the Wine in each^such Cask a Quantity of other Wine or Brandy then warehoused as aforesaid v

in the said Docks, without Payment of Duty; and specifying in.

such Notice the Number, full Content and Ullage Quantity of each Cask of such other Wine or Brandy so warehoused as aforesaid, from which such other Wine or Brandy is intended to be drawn off, and the Cask or Casks of Wine in which it is intended to be so mixed as aforesaid, and the particular Kind and Denomination thereof, together with the Name of the Ship, Captain and Place from whence such other Wine or Brandy was imported, and also the Bonder's Name, the Date when bonded, and the Denomination of such other Wine, or Strength and Quantity of such Brandy, so intended to be taken out of each such Cask of other Wine or Brandy respectively, and mixed with the Wine in each such Cask of Wine; and it shall be lawful for the Owner or Wine maybe Proprietor or Bonder of such other Wine or Brandy, in pursuance drawn off for thereof, and in the Presence of the proper Officer, to draw off the Purpose Quantity of such other Wine or Brandy from the Cask or Casks offic^without specified in such Notice without Payment of Duty, and remove Payment of the same in one entire Package from the Room or Cellar in which Duty, and may such other Wine or Brandy is so warehoused* into the Room or be removed. Cellar in which such Wine with which the* same is to be mixed shall be so warehoused or removed and warehoused as aforesaid, and to mix the safme with such Wine, in the Presence and to the Satisfaction of such Officer as aforesaid; and the Importer or Im- Bond of Importers of such other Wine, or of the Brandy from which such Part portation dis-as aforesaid has been so drawn off, removed and mixed as afore- charged, &c. said, and the Bond given on the Importation thereof, shall, after the said Wine is so mixed as aforesaid, be wholly discharged from

Bb 4?

all

376

C. 103.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Not giving Notice, Penalty 2001. Ac.

Treasury may extend the Privilege of altering and fitting Wine for Exportation.

Warehoused Goods removed from one Place to another, except by Sea, Coastwise, forfeited.

Importers of

Spirits so warehoused may fill up Casks from any other, on giving Notice to the proper Officer.

all such other Wine or Brandy, and from the Payment and all Liability to pay the Duties thereon, as if the same had been separately exported; and if any Person or Persons shall draw off any Quantity of Wine or Brandy as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, without giving such Notice as aforesaid, or shall not mix the same with such Wine as aforesaid, every such Person and Persons shall respectively forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and also such Wine and Brandy respectively so drawn off and not so mixed, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury or any Three of them for the time being, by their Warrant or Order to extend the same Privilege of altering and fitting as aforesaid Wine for Exportation, which shall be warehoused and bonded for Exportation only, to the Importers of Wine lodged in such Warehouses in any other Part of the United Kingdom, as shall be built within an outer Wall of a Dock in such Port, and approved of by the said Lords Commissioners as sufficiently and equally secure for that Purpose with the London Dock in the Port of London; subject nevertheless to such Conditions, Provisions and Regulations as they may deem it expedient from time to time to issue and direct in that Behalf.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods imported into Great Britain^ subject or liable to any Duty or Duties of Excise, and on which all the Duty or Duties charged or payable thereon have not been paid, and which have been so warehoused as aforesaid, shall be removed from one Port or Place in Great Britain to any other Port or Place thereof, otherwise than in some Vessel or Vessels by Sea, Coastwise; and if any such Goods are found removed or removing otherwise than as aforesaid, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer of any Foreign Spirits into the United Kingdom, so warehoused as aforesaid on the Importation thereof, and who shall have given such Bond as aforesaid, to give Notice in Writing to the proper Inspector or Officer of Excise of his or their Desire and Intention to nil up, from one or more of the Casks of Spirits for which such Bond was given, any other of such Casks; specifying in such Notice the Time when such Casks *are so intended to be so filled up, the Name of the Ship by which the same were imported, the Master thereof, and the Place from which such Spirits were imported, and also the Name of the Person by whom Bond was given, the Date of such Bond, and the particular Kind or Denomination thereof, and the Marks, Numbers, full Content and Ullage of the Casks so intended to be filled up, aqd of the Cask or Casks from which the Spirits are intended to be drawn for that Purpose; and such Officer shall attend for that Purpose, and the Importer of such Spirits giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall thereupon, and in the Presence of such Officer, be allowed to draw off such Spirits and fill up such Casks as shall be specified in such Notice, and such Officer shall thereupon take a fresh Account of such Spirits; and such Importer, and also the

Officer,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 105.

377

Officer, shall be respectively authorized to draw a fresh Sample {returning the original Samples thereof) from the Spirits contained in each such Casx after being so filled up, in like Manner and

Quantity as if such Sj ways, that no Casks of

pirits were newly imported: Provided al-Spirits warehoused under Bond as aforesaid shall be filled up more than once during the time that the same shall remain so warehoused, or after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Day on which such Spirits shall be lodged in the Warehouse as aforesaid.

VIII. And Whereas the Flavour and Quality of Wine is im-

proved by the Wine being carried on a distant Foreign Voyage,

and it is expedient that Wine warehoused as aforesaid in the 9 Port of London should be permitted to be delivered from the

Warehouse, without Payment of Duty, to be shipped and carried 9 on such Voyage for that Purpose, and to be brought back into 9 the said Port; Be it therefore enacted, That it snail and may be lawful for any Importer, Owner or Proprietor of any Wine imported into the Port of London and so warehoused, desirous of sending any such Wine upon a Voyage from London to the East or West Indies or South America and back to the said Port of London for Improvement, to give Notice in Writing for that Purpose to the proper Officer of Excise, specifying therein the Name of the Ship by which such Wine was imported, and of the Master thereof, and of the Place from which such Wine was imported, and of the Person by whom Bond was given on such Importation, with the Date thereof, the particular Kind or Denomination of the Wine, and the Marks, Number, full Content and Ullage Quantity of the Cask or respective Casks intended to be taken out of the Warehouse and shipped and sent on such Voyage for such Purpose as aforesaid; and for such Importer, Owner or Proprietor, on giving and entering into Bond, with sufficient Sureties to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person appointed by such Commissioners for that Purpose, in the Penalty of Double the Duties chargeable upon the Quantity of such Wine so intended to be taken out and shipped as aforesaid, with a Condition thereunder written, that such Importer, Owner or Proprietor giving such Bond, shall remove and take such Wine and every Part thereof without any unnecessary Delay or Interruption, and with all due Diligence and Dispatch, and with the Privity and Consent of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, from and out of the Warehouse or Warehouses wherein the same shall then be lodged and secured, and shall safely ship and stow the same, to the Satisfaction of the Officer, in and on board of the Ship or Vessel mentioned in such Notice as aforesaid and in such Bond, and keep the same so and in such manner as to secure the same on the said Voyage, as well Outward as Homeward, and shall also cause the same to be duly carried and conveyed in and on board of such last mentioned Ship or Vessel on and for such Voyage as aforesaid, and afterwards bring the same in and on board of the same Ship or Vessel back to London, (unless any Cask of such Wine shall be landed and left at some Port beyond the Seas, not being Ireland, or the Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark or Many and unless it shall be duly indorsed on the Certificate hereinafter mentioned, and signed by the Collector and Comp-

proHerr

Samples may be taken by Officer.

Casks not to

be filled up more than once.

Wine may be sent to the East or West Indies, # &c. and brought back, to improve its Flavour, on giving Notice and entering into Bond on the Conditions herein mentioned.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

AJ>. 1821.

378 C. 105.

Duties paid or secured on relanding of Wines returned.

On Shipment of such Wine, Certificate of Particulars to be redelivered by Master, on Return of Vessel.

troller of the Customs or other proper Revenue Officers at such Port or Place, that Such Wine was duly landed and left there, stating the Marks, Number, Content and Ullage of each such Cask, and the Denomination of the Wine, and the Date of the landing thereof,) without permitting or suffering such Wine, or any Part thereof, to be used or consumed on board or unshipped, unladen or put in and on board of any other Ship, Vessel or Boat (Shipwreck or other inevitable Accident only excepted) , or landed in any Port or Place whatsoever otherwise than as aforesaid except at London, on the Arrival there of the said last mentioned Ship or Vessel upon the Return thereof from the said Vovage, and under the Inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise there; and shall then also produce all such Cask and Casks as aforesaid, not sold and delivered as aforesaid with the respective Marks, Letters, Numbers and Figures thereon cut or being at the Time of the Delivery of such Cask or Casks from the Warehouse for Shipment for such Voyage, or the Shipment thereof as aforesaid, and shall upon such relanding thereof as aforesaid at London, on the Arrival there of the said Ship or Vessel on the Return thereof from the said Voyage, pay or secure to be paid the full Duty and Duties of Excise and Customs charged and chargeable on the said Wine according to the Account taken by the proper Officer on the landing and warehousing of such Wine on the first Importation thereof, save and except on such Cask or Casks of such Wine as may have been so landed and left and so certified as aforesaid, and on any Deficiency of or in such Quantity of such Wine so shipped as aforesaid (except as aforesaid) , fes may have occurred by unavoidable Waste during the said Voyage, not exceeding Ten Gallons for every One hundred Gallons of the Quantity so delivered from the Warehouse to be shipped as aforesaid for the said Voyage; and also save and except on any further or greater Deficiency that shall or may be proved upon Oath by the Master or other Person having the Command of such Vessel, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of Excise, to have been occasioned by actual and unavoidable Leakage or Accident on Shipboard (which Oath the Commissioners of Excise are respectively hereby authorized to administer) , to take out of any such Warehouse as aforesaid, with the Knowledge and Privity of the Officer, the Cask or Casks of Wine specified in such Notice, without Payment of Duty, and to ship the same for such Voyage as aforesaid, under, subject and according to the Terms mentioned and contained in the Condition of such Bond; and such Officer as aforesaid shall, upon the Shipment of any such Wine from such Warehouse as aforesaid, deliver to the Master of such Ship a Certificate of the said Wine so delivered from such Warehouse, and shipped as aforesaid, containing all such Particulars thereof as aforesaid; which Certificate, with such Indorsement thereon as aforesaid, if any such Wine shall have been so landed and left as aforesaid, shall be redelivered by the Master or other Person having the Command of the Vessel by which such Wine shall be returned and brought back to London, to the proper Officer of Excise of the said Port, within Twelve Hours after such Master or other Person shall or ought by Law to have reported the Cargo of such Ship at such Port, on pain of forfeiting, for every Refusal or Default in deliver-

IDg

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 105.

379

ing such Certificate as aforesaid, the Sura of One hundred Penalty lool.

Pounds; and that upon such Proof as aforesaid (where necessary) Duties being

being given as aforesaid, and the full Duties charged or charge- paid or secured,

able upon such Wine as aforesaid, being fully paid as aforesaid, or

secured to be paid, the first Importer and Bonder of such Wine chafBe<L

shall be wholly freed and discharged in respect of such Wine from

the Bond given and entered into upon the first Importation thereof;

but no such Wine shall be again warehoused without Payment of Limitation of

Duty for a longer Period than Three Years from the Date of the Warehousing

first Importation thereof into the United Kingdom; any thing ^SitiMu

herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

1 IX. And Whereas for the better taking and keeping an Account of Pepper imported and lodged in Warehouse without

Payment of Duty at the Time of the Importation thereof, and securing the Duty payable thereon, and regulating the Import-

ation thereof, it is expedient that all Pepper should be imported and exported in such sized Packages as hereinafter mentioned

Be it therefore further enacted, That all Pepper imported into or Pepper im-exported from the United Kingdom shall be so imported and exported or exported respectively, in Bags or Packages containing not less than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois of Pepper; and that if any Pepper shall be imported into or exported from the United King- and unpacked, dom loose and unpacked, or in any Bag or Package containing forfeited, less than One hundred Pounds Avoirdupois, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seised by any Officer or Officers of Excise: Provided always, that no such Forfeiture as aforesaid Proviso for shall take place or be incurred for the Importation of any Pepper Pepper hn-imported into the United Kingdom from the' East Indies loose and unpacked, or in Bags or Packages containing less than One hun- 5

dred Pounds Avoirdupois of Pepper, previous to the Fifth Day of |82s. January which will be in the Year of Our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty three.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful IWrt, &c.

for the Importer, Owner or Proprietor of Pepper imported into the Pftrat*d h*111 United Kingdom, and warehoused and secured as aforesaid, or his w2Jb^dM^n<j or her 'Agent, with the Knowledge and in the Presence of the 7mporter di-proper Officer of Excise, to separate from any Parcel or Quantity charged from a of such Pepper, all Stones, Dirt, Trash and Dust that shall be proportionate mixed therewith, and for such Officer to weigh and take an Ac- PutT accord-count thereof, and for the Commissioners of Excise to order all |^e^t, yCCOunt such Stones, Dirt, Trash and Dust respectively to be destroyed, officer/ at such Time and Times and in such Manner as they shall think fit; and such Importer, Owner or Proprietor shall thereupon be discharged from so much of such Parcel or Quantity of Pepper as the Weight of such Stones, Dirt, Trash and Dust shall amount to, and from the Payment of and all Liability to pay the Duty and Duties charged or chargeable for or in respect thereof, according to the Account taken by the proper Officer of such Pepper at the Time of the Importation thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regu- Proviso for

lations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters and Conner Regu-Things enacted by any Law or Laws of Excise in force at or im- relating

mediately before the passing of this Act, whether in relation to

the Importation or Exportation, Warehousing, Bonding, Delivery &c.

380

C. 105, 106.

1 & 2 GEO. lV.

A.D. 1821.

f Sic. Penalties and Forfeitures bow levied and applied.

Duties specified in Tabic annexed to be paid for Sugar imported from the East Indies.

Duty of 2l. 5s. per Cwt. of

or Removal of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise and Customs, or either of them, or for the better ascertaining or securing those Duties respectively, not being repealed, revoked^ altered or controuled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, shall remain, continue and be in as full force and effect as if the same respectively were andf contained in this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated as by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs ^nd Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CVI.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, several Acts of His late Majesty, respecting the Duties of Customs payable on Merchandize imported into Great Britain and Ireland from any Place within the Limits of the East India Company's Charter; and to increase the Duties payable on the Importation of Sugar from the East Indies, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three in Great Britain, and until the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four in Ireland.

[10th July 1821.]

" 54 G. 3. c. 36. 55 G. 3. c. 10. 59 G. 3. c. 33. 59 G. 3. c. 52. re-u cited, and 54? G. 3. c. 36. 55 G. 3. c. 10. as continued by 59 G.3. " c. 33. further continued, except so far asjelates to the Amount

" of Duties and Drawbacks under 54-G. 3. c. 36.  1.

" 54-G. 3. c. 103. as continued by 59 G. 3. c. 15. further continued " until 1st July 1824?, except only so far as the same is altered by " this Act.  2.

III. AND Whereas it is expedient to increase the Duties of

Customs payable on Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture

of the East Indies, imported into any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; Be it therefore enacted, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, throughout the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties of Customs mentioned and set forth in Words and Figures in the Table annexed to this Act, upon the several Sorts of Sugar in the said Table mentioned and described, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the East Indies, which shall be imported or brought into any Part of the United Kingdom at any time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Duty of Two Pounds Five Shillings

in

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 106.

381

in the said Schedule mentioned, and no more, shall be charged and India payable on every Hundred Weight of Sugar, the Growth, Produce ^Jre^lJ6ar* or Manufacture of any Place whatever in the East Indies, being c Mus^ of the Denomination of clayed, or otherwise refined or prepared covado Sugar so as to be equal to the Quality of clayed Sugar which shall have imported or been or shall be imported, or which shall have been or shall be warehoused warehoused at any Time on or before the said Fifth Day of April Apnl 5* One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; and that the Duty of Two Pounds in the said Schedule mentioned, and no more, shall be charged and payable on every Hundred Weight of Brown or Muscovado Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any Place whatsoever in the East Indies, which shall have been or shall be imported, or which shall have been or shall be warehoused at any Time on or before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the several Duties Duties payable imposed by this Act shall not be payable on any Sugar which shall fill Sugar taken have been or shall be duly warehoused according to Law, without ut of Vhae-Payment of the Duty on the First Entry thereof, unless and until ^onnim t/on such Sugar shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose Duties in lieu of being used or consumed in Great Britain or Ireland respec- of those granted tively; and the several Duties by this Act granted shall be pay- by59G.s.c 52. able in lieu of the Duties of Customs granted on the like Sorts of nd54 G.3. Sugar imported into Great Britain by the said recited Act of the * 103 '

Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and the Table (B.) to the said Act annexed, and in lieu of the Duties granted on the like Sorts of Sugar imported into Ireland by the last recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His said late Majesty's Reign.

VI. And be it further enacted, That before any Sugar imported Before India into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, as being the Produce Sugar admitted of any British Settlement, Possession or Territory in the East In- * Entry. dies, shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty imposed

on such Sugar by this Act, and the Table thereto annexed, the CollectorCer? Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command tificate of Proof the Ship or Vessel in which any such Sugar shall be imported, duce, and Oath shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of fi"* Sugar same the Customs at the Port of Importation, a Certificate under the JJ motioned *" Hand and Seal of the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Cus- e toms of the Port or Place in the East Indies where such Sugar shall have been taken on board; or if no such Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs shall be residing at such Port or Place, then a Certificate shall be produced under the Hand and Seal of the Principal Officer of such Port or Place, or of the Judge or Commercial Resident of the District, testifying that Oath had beem made before him (who is hereby authorized and required to administer such Oath, and to grant such Certificate,) by the Shipper of such Sugar, that the same was really and bonaI fide the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of such British Settlement, Possession or Territory; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Sugar shall be imported into Great Britain or Ireland respectively, shall make Oath before the Collector or other Chief

(96^)5Ic

382

If no Certificate or Oath, Sugar not taken to be India Sugar.

Commissioners of Customs may admit Sugar to Entry oil Pay-< ment of former Duties, if Vessels sailed before receiving Information of passing of Act.

Hour Duties to be levied.

Regulations now in force as to Sugar to extend to this Act.

C. 106. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Officer at the Port of Importation (who is hereby authorised and required to administer the same) , .that the Sugar so imported is the same as mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate; and on Failure of such Certificate being produced, and Proof on Oath as aforesaid being made, such Sugar shall be deemed and takqn to be the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of some Place in the East Indies, not being a British Settlement Possession or Territory, and shall be charged with the Duty imposed by this Act, and the Schedule thereto annexed, on such Sugar of Foreign Growth, Produce or Manufacture.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs in 'England and Scotland respectively, and the Commissioners of Customs and Port Duties in Ireland, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland^ or any Three or more of them, upon Proof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners of the Customs respectively, that the Ship or Vessel in which any such Sugar shall have been laden had sailed from any Port or Place in the East Indies previously to any Information having reached such Port or Place of the passing of this Act, to admit such Sugar to Entry upon Payment of the Duties chargeable on such Sugar by the said Acts of the Fifty fourth, Fifty fifth and Fifty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty; and such Sugar so imported in pursuance of any such Orders shall be subject and liable to the Duties imposed by the said Acts, and no more, on Importation into Great Britain or Ireland; any thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties of Customs by this Act granted and imposed shall be paid, applied and accounted for, in such and the like manner in all respects as the permanent Duties granted by the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repealing the several Duties of Customs chargeable in Great Britain, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, are by the said Act directed to be paid and applied and accounted for; and the said Duties shall be raised, levied, collected and recovered, and a Proportion of the said Duties shall and may from time to time be suspended, in such and the like manner and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which any other Duties of Customs on Sugars payable to His Majesty in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, are or may be raised, levied, collected or recovered or suspended, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act; and all Sugar by this Act made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with the Duties by this Act imposed, and the Importers of such Sugar, and all other Persons liable to thg Payment of such Duties, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures, as well with respect to the Payment of the Duties on such Sugars, as with respect to the Suspension of a Proportion of the said Duties to which such Sugar or such Persons were generally or specially subject and liable by any such Act or Acts of Parliament as aforesaid, now m force re-

lat, ng

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 106.

S83

lating to or concerning His Majesty's Revenue of Customs on Sugar; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of this Act, or any other Act or Acts now in force for securing Duties of Customs on Sugar, or for the Regulation or Improvement of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions in such Acts or any of them contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared tp extend to, and shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution for and in respect of the Duties of Customs by this Act imposed, and the Payment of the same, and the Suspension of a Proportion thereof, in as full and ample manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses,

Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Duties payable under Continuance of this Act on Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of the the Duties. East Indies, imported into that Part of the United Kingdom

called Great Britain, shall continue in force until and upon the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and no longer; and that the Duties payable under this Act on such Sugar imported into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, shall continue in force until and upon the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty four, and no longer.

X. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be altered, Act may be

varied or repealed, by any Act to be passed in this Session of altered this Parliament. Session.

TABLE to which this Act refers.

(A.)

Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of any British Colony, Plantation or Territory in the East Indies, clayed, or otherwise refined so as to be equal to the Quality of Clay, the Cwt.

---- - Brown or Muscovado, the Cwt.

Sugar, the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of China, Java, the Eastern Islands or any other Country or Place in the East Indies, except the British Colonies, Plantations or Territories, clayed, or otherwise refined so as to be equal to the Quality of clayed, the Cwt.

---- ... Brown or Muscovado, the Cwt.

. s. d.

2 5 0 2 0 0

4 6 8

3 3 0

Qo6$e

384 *

C. 107.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

36 0. S. c. 74.

So much of recited Act as relates to th e Purchase of Lands at Blue Town lepcaled.

Certain Lands called Fins* borough Marsh

contiguous to

CAP. CVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty, as relates to the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, at Sheerness, in the County of Kent, and to vest certain Lands and Hereditaments at Gillingham in the said County, in Trustees, to be appropriated to the Public Service in the Department of the Navy.

[10th July 1821.

WHEREAS Part of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at Blue Toton, in the Parish of Minster, in the

Isle of Sheppey, in the County of Kent, mentioned and described in an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the

Third, intituled An Act for the Purchase of certain Lands, Tenc-i ments and Hereditaments at Sheerness and Chatham, in the County of Kent, for the Use of the Navy, have been purchased for His Majesty's Naval Service, and the Residue thereof are not at present likely to be required for such Service Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem-

Eoral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and y the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Purchase of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments at Blue Town aforesaid, in the said Parish of Minster, in the Isle of Sheppey and County of Kent, shall be and the same is hereby repealed to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; save and except as to any Proceedings had or taken under the Provisions of the said recited Act prior to the passing of this Act, all which Proceedings shall be and continue to be of the same Force and Effect as the same were before the passing of this Act.

II. And Whereas it is expedient that His Majesty should be possessed of and enabled to purchase the Lands and Hereditaments hereinafter particularly mentioned, which lie contiguous to His Majesty's Dock Yard at Chatham, and are wanted for the Public Service: And Whereas the said Lands and Hereditaments are or may be vested in or belong to Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Infants, Femes Covert, Trustees or other Persons who by Law are disabled to make any Contracts or Conveyances; in all which bases, as also when any Owner or other Person or Persons entitled to or interested in the same, designing to obstruct the Public Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, insist on extravagant Rates or Prices, it will be necessary to have recourse to the same Methods that have been taken in cases of the like NatureTo the End therefore that the true and real Value of the said Lands and Hereditaments, and the Estates, Rights and Interests therein, may be ascertained, and the Owners and Proprietors thereof, or Persons entitled thereto or interested therein, may have a just and reasonable Satisfaction for the same; Be it further enacted, That all that Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh Land, situate, lying and being in the Parishes of Gillingham and Chatham, in the County of Kent, or in

ne

P & V GEO. IV. C. 107.

385

One of them, called or known by the Name of Finsborough Marshy Chatham Dock otherwise Saint Marys Marshy otherwise Wardens Marshy con- ll\ c^TUm taming together in the Whole One hundred and eighty eight Acres foTth^Owner*' or thereabouts, the same forming an Island, and being bounded on antu Possession the North, East and West Sides thereof by the River Medway, is taken by the and separated from the Main Land on the South Side thereof by Commissioners a certain Creek called Saint Marys Creeky which said Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh Land is now in the Whole or in Part occu- Money paid! pied by George Nash, together with all Ways, Paths, Passages,

Waters, Watercourses, Creeks, Inlets, Mounds, Banks, Ditches,

Fences, Easements, Liberties, Privileges, Commodities, Rights,

Members and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Piece or Parcel of Salt Marsh Land, or any Part or Parcel thereof, belonging or in anywise appertaining, or deemed, taken or known as Part, Parcel or Member thereof or appurtenant thereto, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Right Honourable Charles Trustee*. Manners Suttonf the Right Honourable William Huskisson, Sir Edward Knatchbull Baronet, William Philip Honeyxvood Esquire, and John Wilson Croker Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust nevertheless for such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, as at or immediately before the Time of making this Act was or were the Owner or the several and respective Owners thereof, or had any Estates, Rights or Interests therein, according to their several Estates, Rights and Interests, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise, until such Estates,

Rights and Interests respectively shall be adjudged and determined, and Possession thereof taken by the Principal Officers and Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy, or other Persons acting under their Authority (which Possession they are hereby empowered to take when it shall be found necessary for His Majesty's Service) , and until the Purchase Monies for the same, together with interest on Interest from the Time of taking Possession, after the Rate of Five Purchase Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Sum or Sums of Money Monies at that shall be agreed upon or assessed as the true Value or Values 5l* P*r Cent* thereof, shall be paid; and that the said Purchase Monies shall be nnum* paid and applied to such and the same Uses, Intents and Purposes as the said Estates, Rights and Interests so vested in the above mentioned Trustees were limited and settled previous to the passing of this Act, so far as the Rules of Law will allow thereof; and that in the mean time, and until such Possession taken and Payment made as aforesaid, the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees to, and all such Estates, Rights and Interests as aforesaid shall be held and enjoyed by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, as was or were entitled to have, receive, hold and enjoy the same respectively, and in such Proportions, Manner and Form, as the same were payable and were held and enjoyed previous to the passing of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better ascertaining His Majesty the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in may appoint the said Lands and Hereditaments vested by and to be purchased Commissioner* in pursuance of this Act, and the respective Titles, Rights, Interests and Claims of such Owner* and Proprietors and other Per- an(| 7or sons thereto, it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, which Pur- '

1 & 2 Geo. IV.

Cc

386

C. 107.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

pose* and for ascertaining the Value of Premises, Inquest may be coiled.

Decrees of Commissioners to be entered in Books which Decrees are to specify the Number of Acres of Land, Names of Owners and Money agreed for or assessed by Jury,

Decrees final.

Bodies Corporate, &c. and

by One or more Commission or Commissions, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Brttainy to authorize and appoint any Number of Persons to be Commissioners to hear and determine all Titles, Rights, Interests and Claims that shall or may be set up to the said Lands and Hereditaments, or to any Part or Parcel thereof; which Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and required in a summary Way, by and upon the Testimony of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath they or any Three or more of them are hereby empowered to administer) , or upon the Inspection and Examination of Deeds, Writings and Records, or by the Inquest of Twelve good and lawful Men to be impannelled and sworn m manner hereinafter mentioned and directed, or by all or any of the said Ways or otherwise according to their Discretion, to inquire into and to proceed, act upon and determine all and all manner of Rights, Titles, Estates, Claims and Interests, and all Controversies, Debates and Questions which shall happen or arise berween any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whomsoever, or any other Matter or Thing relating to any of the Premises or any Part thereof; and shall have Power to send for any Person or Persons, and oblige them to produce their Deeds or Writings upon Oath relating to any of the same Premises; and also shall and may, by Agreement with the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, that shall be determined to be the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments vested by and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or by the said Inquest of the said Twelve good and lawful Men to be impannelled and sworn, inquire into, proceed, act and determine touching and concerning the true and real Value of the said Premises or any Part or Parcel thereof; and the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three or more of them, are hereby required to cause all their Judgments and Decrees to be entered fairly in Books, which Judgments and Decrees shall expressly mention and specify the respective Number of Acres or Parcels of Land, with their several Abuttals and Boundaries, together with the Name or Names of all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, interested respectively in the same, and the respective Sum or Sums of Money that shall be so agreed for or assessed by the said Jury to be paid for the same respectively; which Judgments and Decrees shall be fairly engrossed on Parchment, and certified to the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, and to the King's Remembrancer in His Ma-

ar's Court of Exchequer; and such Judgments and Decrees e as aforesaid shall be final, and shall conclude all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, notwithstanding any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever; any Law, Statute or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; Copies of which said Judgments and Decrees shall be laid forthwith before both Houses of Parliament, that full Compensation and Satisfaction may be made to the several Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said

vam *

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 107.

387

Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three or more of them, or their Agent or Agents thereunto authorized by Writing under their respective Hands, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to treat and agree with all or any of the Owners or Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments for the absolute Purchase thereof, and of all Estates, Rights and Interests therein; and it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, and for all Tenants for Life and Tenants in Tail, and for Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees or Attornies of such of the Owners or Proprietors of or Persons interested in any of the said Lands or Hereditaments as shall be Femes Covert, Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Persons beyond the Seas, or otherwise incapable of acting for themselves, and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, Remainder Men or other Person or Persons, to contract for and agree with the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, or such Agent or Agents as aforesaid, for the Sale of all or any of the said Lands or Hereditaments, Rights and Interests, for the Purpose aforesaid; and all such Contracts and Agreements shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical and Civil, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do in pursuance of this Act; but if it shall happen that any such Body Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Tenant for Life, Tenant in Tail, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee or Attorney as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons interested in such Lands or Hereditaments shall, for the Space of Thirty Days next after Public Notice in Writing subscribed by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, shall have been affixed on the principal Doors of the respective Parish Churches of Chatham and Gillingham, and inserted in the London Gazette, and also next after such Notice shall have been given to the principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic or Corporate, or to such Tenant for Life, Tenant in Tail, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee or Attorney, or to such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, or left at his, her or their respective Place or Places of Abode (if it shall be convenient or practicable to give such last mentioned Notice) , neglect or refuse to treat or agree, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating or agreeing with the said Commissioners or any Three or more or them, or such Agent or Agents as aforesaid, or shall refuse to accept what they the said commissioners or any Three or more of them, or such Agent or Agents as aforesaid, shall think a reasonable Recompence or Satisfaction for such Lands or Hereditaments, Rights and Interests as aforesaid, then and in every such case the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall, with all convenient Speed, proceed to inquire into, ascertain and assess the true and real Value of such Lands, Hereditaments, Rights and Interests, by the Inquest of Twelve good and lawful Men, or by such other Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form in all Respects whatsoever, as herein is particularly mentioned and directed.

others may treat and agree for the Purchase.

Contracts entered into valid.

In default of treating or agreeing for Purchase, Price to be determined by Inquest.

388

-C. 107.

1* & 2* GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Commissioners authorised to direct the Sheriff* to call a Jury to assess the Value of the Premises.

Sheriff* or Witness neglecting his Duty.

Penalty by Commissioners.

So in case of Neglect, &c. by Jurymen.

[Penalty.]

In default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen at-sending, others

V. And be it further enacted, That for the better carrying into Execution the said Commission or Commissions by virtue of this present Act to be issued, the said Commissioners so to be appointed, or any Three or more of them, shall and lawfully may, and they are hereby authorized and required to issue forth their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriff of the County of Kent, thereby commanding him to impannel, summon and return before the said Commissioners, at such Time and -Place as shall be appointed in such Warrant or Warrants, Twenty four good and lawful Men of the said County -of Kent, qualified to serve upon Juries at the Assizes, who upon their Oaths (which Oaths the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) shall inquire into, and by their Verdict ascertain and assess the true and real Value of such Lands and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates, Rights and Interests therein; and the said Sheriff is nereby required to raipannel, summon and return such Jury as aforesaid, and at the-Return of such Warrant or Warrants to attend the said Commissioners with his Bailiffs or Officers, to prove, if necessary, upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) the summoning the Jurors so to be impannelled and returned respectively; and in case the said Sheriff, or his Bailiffs or Officers, snail neglect or refuse (being duly served with such Warrant or Warrants Fourteen Days or more before the Return thereof) to impannel, summon and return such Jury as aforesaid, or shall not attend the said Commissioners with his Bailiffs or Officers at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants as aforesaid; or if any Person summoned as a Witness shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence before the said Commissioners, then and in either of the said cases the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to impose a Fine upon such S&eriff, Bailiffs, Officers and Witnesses, or any of them so making Default, not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds, for any One Offence; and if any Person so to be impannelled, summoned and returned, shall not appear at the Return of such Warrant or Warrants, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn for the Purposes aforesaid, or being sworn shall depart without the Licence of the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, thefore the Verdict is given, or shall not give his Verdict, or in any other manner neglect his Duty in the Premises, in every such case the said Commissioners then assembled or met, or any Three or more of them, may and they are hereby empowered to set a Fine upon such Person so offending, and not having lawful Excuse, to be allowed by the said Commissioners then sitting, or the major Part of them, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Person for any Offence; all which Fines the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to estreat into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, to be levied to the Use of His Majesty.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Jury shall not appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants to take the Inquest, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act to be appointed, or any Three or

more

1 8l2 GEO. IV. C. 107.

389

more of them, from time to time to adjourn the Inquest to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days nor less than Four Days from the Adjournment thereof, and to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for impannelling, summoning and returning an equal Number of Jurors to those so making Default; and thereupon the Jurors who shall have been before returned by the said SherHfe respectively, and shall have appeared upon such Return, together with those who shall be returned and shall appearr upon such Second or any future Warrant and Return, or Warrants and Returns, from time to time to be issued and made, until a sufficient Jury can be obtained, shall inquire as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Twelve good and lawful Men 6hal] be sufficient to take the Inquest* aforesaid; and that in case Twelve or more shall appear upon the Return of the said Warrant or Warrants, then and in such case the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act to be appointed shall proceed to take the said Inquest, and after the Inquest shall be taken may adjourn to some future Day for making their Judgments and Decrees thereon.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act to be appointed, or any Three or more of ing of Jury., them, shall cause Notice to be given in Writing of the Days ap>

pointed for the Meeting of the said Jurors as aforesaid, Fourteen Days at the least before any such Meeting; which Notice shall be affixed on the Door of the respective Parish Churches of Chatham and GUtingham aforesaid, and shall likewise cause the same to be published in the London Gazette; and if any Person or Perr Persons not at-sons shall not appear pursuant to such Notice, or shall refuse to tending with show his, her or their Deeds or Writings relating to the Premises, that then the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, proceed with and also the said Jury, shall proceed and determine upon the best the best Inform-Information they can then procure or obtain, to make such In- ation they-can quests, Judgments and Decrees as hereinbefore directed; and all 0buin' such Judgments and Decrees, being entered and certified as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in* case any Jury to besum- if Verdict for moned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give more Money in a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence, than was offered. Compensation or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest or Property Expence of In-of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in

any such Lands or Hereditaments, than shall have been offered for Joner% of the the same by the said Commissioners, or their Agent or Agents, Navy; but if before the summoning and returning of such Jury, then and in Verdict be for every such case all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences nwre or for of causing and procuring such Recompence, Compensation or ^pej^to be Satisfaction to be assessed by a Jury, shall be settled by the Com- pjdbythe missioners before whom such Claim shall have been tried, and shall other Party, be paid by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy; but if any Jury so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in a Verdict or Assessment for no* more or for less Money, as such Recompence* Compensation and Satisfaction as aforesaid than shall have been offered by the said Commissioners for the same, before the summoning and returning of the said Jury; or where the causing and procuring such Jury to be summoned shall have arisen from a C c 3 Refusal >

may be returned.

Inquest to be taken if 12 Jurors appear.

Notice of Meet-

C. 107.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Sic *

Cents and Expences retained by Commissioners of the Navy out of Compensation Money.

After Payment of Purchase Money, Trustees to stand seised of Premises for the Use of His Majesty, freed from Claims, &c.

Application of Money belonging to Bodies Corporate, &c. m here it amounts to or exceeds 2001.

Refusal to treat or agree with the said Commissioners by any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally empowered to treat, then all such Costs, Charges and Expences, to be settled by such Commissioners in manner aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Commissioners in manner aforesaid f, shall be paia to the said Commissioners of the Navy, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Three of them shall appoint, by the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or other Person or Persons so claiming such Compensation, or refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively; save only and except where, by reason of Absence, or other like Cause, any Person shall have been prevented from treating or agreeing as aforesaid, in which case no Costs, Charges or Expences shall be allowed to either Party as against the other; and all Costs, Charges and Expences hereby directed to be paid to the said Commissioners of the Navy shall and may be deducted and retained by them out of the Compensation Money so adjudged or assessed to be paid, or be deemed and taken to be so much Money advanced to and for the Use of the Pesson and Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, entitled to such Money so adjudged, and Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so adjudged or assessed; or in case no Money, or no sufficient Sum of Money, shall be awarded or assessed to be paid, whereout such Costs, Charges and Expences can be deducted, then the same shall and may be recovered by Action at Law, at the Suit of and in the Name of any Three of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, in the Nature of liquidated Damages; and no such Action shall abate by reason of the Death of any of the said Commissioners.

a. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after the time that Payment shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money agreed for or to be assessed by the said Jury, and decreed and adjudged by the said Commissioners to be by virtue of this present Act appointed, or any Three or more of them, to the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments vested by and Ur be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any or either of them, the Trustees hereinbefore mentioned and their Heirs shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seised of the said Premises respectively, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and all manner of Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be had, made or set up, in, to, out of or upon or in respect of the same Lands and Hereditaments, by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons whomsoever on any Account whatever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any other Matter, Right or Interest of what Nature or Kind soever, purchased or taken by virtue of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic or Corporate, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or other Person or Persons under any Disability

1 & 9 GEO. IV. C. 107.

391

ability or Incapacity, or not legally entitled absolutely to dispose of the Premises by the Sole of whicnsuch Money shall be produced, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds* with all convenient Speed be paid to One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, with the Privity and to the Account of the Accountant General of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer for the time being, to the Credit and for the Use and Benefit of the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in such Lands or Hereditaments; and such Cashier is hereby authorized and required to receive or accept and to give a Receipt or Discharge for the same, mentioning and specifying the Amount and to whose Use the same is received; and upon the Production of such Receipt or Discharge, the said Accountant General is hereby authorized and required to sign a Certificate to the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, under his Hand, purporting and signifying that such Money or other Consideration was paid into the Bank of England in pursuance of this Act, to the Credit and for the Use and Benefit of such Owners or Proprietors, or other Persons interested, as shall be named in such Certificate; and the said Certificate shall be filed or deposited in the said Court of Exchequer, and an Office Copy thereof, signed by the proper Officer of the said Court for the time being, shall and may be read and allowed as Evidence for the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; and immediately upon the filing or depositing of such Certificate, the said Lands or Hereditaments shall be and become vested in the Trustees hereinbefore mentioned, and their Heirs, for the Public Service, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application of Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any'Lands or Hercdi- the Money, tamentspurchased or taken for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- where than ing to any Body Politic or Corporate, or to any Person or Persons, to or

under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the exceeding*#. Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased or taken, or of the Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees of the Person or Persons so entitled, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under thair respective Hands, be paid to One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, with the Privity and to the Account of the said Accountant General of the said Court of Exchequer for the time being as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Sums exceeding Two hundred Pounds; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate making such Option, and, approved of by the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Navy or any Three or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) , in order that such Principal Money may be invested in the Purchase of Stock in the Public Funds; and that such Stock when purchased, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in the manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the case may be applicable, without

C c 4 ob-

392

Application where the Sum less than 901.

A Baron of the Exchequer may pronounce Orders in cases where Money is paid into the Bank on Behalf of Bodies Corporate, &c. and others.

Court of Exchequer in cases of Purchases on Behalf of incapacitated Persons to order

C. 107. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Exchequer.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as hereinbefore mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased or taken for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Commissioners of the Navy shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or any One or more of them, shall and may, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered, in a summary Way, upon Motion or Petition for and on Behalf of any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of, or interested in, any Money that shall or may be paid into the Bank of England, under the Provisions of this Act, or the Interest or Produce thereof, and upon reading an Office Copy of the Certificate directed to be signed by the said Accountant General of the said Court for the time being concerning the same as aforesaid, and receiving such further Satisfaction as they or he shall think necessary, to make and pronounce such Orders and Directions for paying the said Money or any Part of the same, or for placing out such Part thereof as shall be Principal in the Public Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, and for Payment of the Dividends or Interest thereof, or any Part thereof, to the respective Persons entitled to receive the same, or for laying out the Principal or any Part thereof in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, to be conveyed and settled to, for and upon the same Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes, as the said Lands and Hereditaments so purchasec or taken under this Act stood settled at the time of the Payment of such Money as aforesaid, or as near thereto as the same can be done, or otherwise for the Disposition of the said Money or any Part thereof, and the Interest or Produce of the same, or any Part thereof, for the Benefit of the Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, entitled to and interested in the same respectively, or for appointing any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for all or any of such Purposes, as the said Court shall think just and reasonable; and also for raising and paying the Costs of any such Motion or Petition and the Proceeaings to be had thereupon, or any Part of such Costs, out of the Principal Money paid into the Bank of England under the Provisions of this Act, or out of the Interest or Proceeds thereof, in such Manner and Proportions as the said Court in its Discretion shall think fit under the Circumstances of the case.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the

said

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

393

C. 107, 108.

said Court of Exchequer, and to be applied in the Purchase of Commissioners

other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in of Navr

pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to w Expenct*.

order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be

made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as

the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary

Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the

said Commissioners of the Navy, who shall from time to time

pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court

shall direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner who Commissioners

shall be so employed in the Execution of this Act shall be liable 10

for or by reason of such Execution to any of the Penalties men- u"der

tioned in the Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King j w.&M. c. 8. Charles the Second, Chapter the Second; nor the First of William is& u w. s. and Afary, Chapter the Eighth; nor the Thirteenth and Fourteenth c. 6. or l G. l. of William the Third, Chapter the Sixth; nor the First of George

the First, Chapter the Thirteenth.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Com- Commission# missioners as His Majesty shall nominate for the Purposes in maysitinHous# this Act mentioned, or any of them, shall not by reason thereof of Commons, in any Sort be disabled or disqualified from sitting in the House

of Commons, nor their Election thereby become void; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVIII. Saving always to The King's Most Excellent Majesty, Saving for Um His Heirs and Successors, all Estates, Rights, Titles, Privileges King?

and Franchises, of, into and out of the Lands and Hereditaments hereinbefore mentioned, in such and the same manner as if this Act had not been made.

CAP. CVIII.

An act to provide for the Charge of the Addition to the Public Funded Debt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty third Year of the 53 G. 3. c. ss.

Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts, passed in His present Majesty's Reign, relating to the Redemption of the National Debt, and for making further Provisions in respect thereof

it was enacted and declared, that for the Purposes of the said $ 1.

Act an Amount of Public Debt, equal to the whole Capital of the Public Debt in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, should be deemed to be satisfied and discharged; and so much of the Capital Stock so purchased and transferred as therein mentioned, and standing in the Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as Parliament by any Act or Acts of the said Session should or might (direct, should be cancelled in like manner as if the same had been transferred to the Commissioners for the Redemption of Land Tax pursuant to the Provisions of the several Acts

a 108.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

56 G.

thereunto relating, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan or in any other manner, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen;

and that when and so soon as such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should have been purchased by the said Commissioners, or transferred to them for the Redemption of Land Tax, or the Purchase of Life Annuities, 4 as, together with the Amount so already purchased or transferred as aforesaid, should have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge, in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities, of the Public Debt of Great Britain existing on the Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said Commissioners should thereupon certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being, who should cause the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the

London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament should be then sitting) , but if Parliament should not be then sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and so from time to time whenever such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Great Britain should

have been purchased or transferred as aforesaid as should be

equal to the whole Capital, and should have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge, in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities, of each Loan contracted since the said Fifth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and eighty six, the said Commissioners should from time to time thereupon in like manner certify and declare the same

to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, who should in like manner cause every such Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London Gazette, and to be laid before Parliament; and whenever any

such Certificate and Declaration should have been so made,

published and laid before Parliament as aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debts, to which such Certificate and Declaration should relate, should from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock, standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or of the South Sea Company, should be considered to be redeemed by Parliament, and should from time to time be cancelled as above mentioned, at such Times and in such Proportions as should be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Funded Debt of Great Britain, by way of Loan or in any other manner:

c. 70. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the

Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend several Acts relating to the Redemption of the National Debt of Ireland, and to make further Provision in respect thereof it is enacted and declared, that for the Purposes of the said Act, an Amount of Public Debt equal to the whole Capital of

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 108.

895

the Public Debt of Ireland, , in Peroetual Redeemable Annuities, existing on the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, shall be deemed to be satisfied and discharged; and that so much of the Capital Stock purchased by and placed to the Account of the Commissi oners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Ireland, and then standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland,

as Parliament, by any Act or Acts to be passed for that Purpose, '

shall or may direct, shall be cancelled; and that the Interest or Dividends which shall have been payable on such Stock shall thenceforth cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland, or to be charged on the Consolidated Fund of Ireland; and the Money which would have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland, in order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland, by way of Loan or in any other manner, for the Service of the present or any future Year; and that from time to time whenever such a further Amount of the Capital Funded Debt of Ireland shall have been purchased by and placed to the Account of the said Commissioners as shall be equal to the whole Capital in Perpetual Redeemable Annuities, and shall have produced an Interest or yearly Dividend equal in Amount to the whole Annual Charge of each Loan contracted since the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, the said Commissioners shall thereupon from time to time certify and declare the same to the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, who shall cause the said Certificate and Declaration to be published in the London and Dublin Gazettes, and to be laid before Parliament (if Parliament shall be then sitting),

but if Parliament shall not be then sitting, then within Fourteen Days after the next Meeting of Parliament; and whenever any such Certificate and Declaration shall have been so made, published and laid before Parliament as aforesaid, the Amount of Public Debt to which such Certificate and Declaration shall relate, shall from time to time be deemed and taken to be wholly satisfied and discharged, and an equal Amount of Capital Stock,

standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall be considered to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall from time to time be cancelled, at such Times and in such Proportions as shall be directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament to be passed for that Purpose, m order to make Provision for the Charge of any Addition to be made to the Public Debt of Ireland by way of Loan or in any other planner: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late 56 G. 3. c. 98. Majesty, intituled An Act to unite and consolidate into one Fund all the Public Revenues of Great Britain and Ireland, and to provide for the Application thereof to the general Service of the United Kingdom, it is among other things enacted, that from $ 14.

and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seventeen, the Commissioners for the Reduction of the

396

C. 108.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

1 & 2 G.4. c. 70.

1.

National Debt of Great Britain shall be and become Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, which by the said Act is declared to be one joint consolidated Debt; and that the said Commissioners shall have all such Powers and Authorities as are or may he given in and by any Act or Acts in force in Great Britain or Ireland relative to the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, or the National Debt of Ireland; and that the several Sums which, under and by virtue of several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, are required to be set apart at the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great Britain, and the Receipt of the Exchequer of Ireland respectively, on Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of Great Britain, and of the National Debt of Ireland, shall continue to be so set wart; and that all such Sums so set apart, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall and may be issued and paid from time to time into the Bank of England, or into the Bank of Ireland, as shall

be directed and required by the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the Time being; and shall be from time to time applied, under the Direction of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in the Purchase of such Capital Stock, Funds, Debentures or Annuities, or towards any Public Loan, either in Great Britain or Ireland, as shall seem most expedient to the said Commissioners for the

Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom; and that the Orders of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt of the United Kingdom shall at all Times be sufficient Authority to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and of the Bank of Ireland, for the Application of any Part of the Money from time to time remaining in the Bank of England, or Bank of Ireland, on account of the said Commissioners, to the Purchase of any Stock, Funds, De-

bentures or Annuities, or towards any Public Loan in Great Britain or Ireland: And Whereas by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for raising a 4 Loan of Thirteen Millionsfrom the Commissioners for the Reauction of the National Debt, the Sum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds of the said Loan is to be raised in Great Britain, and the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds 4 (being Five hundred and forty one thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency) is to be raised in Ireland: And Whereas the Charge of the said Sum of Twelve millions five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised in Great Britain, will amount to the Sum of Six hundred and fifty one thousand eight hundred and seventy

five Pounds; and the Charge of the said Sum of Five hundred and forty one thousand six hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence Irish Currency, to be raised

in Ireland^ will amount to the Sum of Twenty nine thousand and sixty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Sixpence Irish Currency: And Whereas by Certificates and Declarations made, published and laid before Parliament pursuant to the said recited Acts,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

897

C. 108, 109.

such an Amount of the Public Debt in Great Britain and

Ireland respectively appears to have been satisfied and discharged, that the Sums hereinafter mentioned, standing in the Names of the said Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt in the Books of the Banks of England and Ireland

respectively, may be considered as redeemed by Parliament, and may be cancelled at the Times and in the Proportions hereinafter

mentioned, in order to make Provision for such Charges in the

manner directed by the said recited Acts; Be it therefore enacted by The King*s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirited and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sum of Ten millions seven hun- 10, 716, 1461. dred and sixteen thousand one hundred and forty six Pounds, Three per Cent. Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, standing in the #Cn.Mhi' *t*nd-Names of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National jJmoi of the Debt in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Commissioners England, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand for the Reduc-eight hundred and twenty one, be cancelled, and that the Sum non of the

of Eleven millions and thirteen thousand and twenty one Pounds,

Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, standing in the jVqV^osii Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the said Go- Three per vernor and Company of the Bank of England, shall also be Cents. Re. cancelled from and after the following Periods respectively; that duced, al*o is to say, Two millions seven hundred and sixteen thousand one their

hundred and forty six Pounds from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and Eight periods sod millions two hundred and ninety six thousand eight hundred and in the Propor-seventy five Pounds from and after the Tenth Day of October One tions herein thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and that the Sum of m#ntined* Eight hundred and thirty thousand three hundred and four Pounds,

Three Pounds and Ten Shillings per Centum Annuities, standing in the Names of the said Commissioners in the Books of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, shall, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, be cancelled; and that the Interest or Dividends, which would have been payable on the several Sums so cancelled, shall from those Days respectively cease to be issued from the Receipt of the Exchequer at Westminster and Dublin respectively, or to be charged upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland; and the Money which woiud have been applicable to the Payment thereof shall remain and be a Part of the growing Produce of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for the Puroose of defraying the Charge occasioned by the Additions made or to be made to the Public Funded Debt of the United Kingdom in the present Year.

CAP. CIX.

An Act for better securing the Duties of Excise on Tobacco.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS it is expedient to alter and amend the Laws for securing the Payment of the Duties imposed upon Tobacco; Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent

S98

C. 109.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Manufacturers of Tobacco, being also Retailers, to make Entry of Places used by them.

Such Place* to be surveyed.

Tobacco, &c. to be removed by Permit.

Tobacco, &c. found removing without Permit, &c. forfeited, and Penalty on Manufacturer 1001.

May be seised.

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff who shall retail Tobacco or Snuff, shall, in the Entry made by him or her of Premises for manufacturing and keeping and retailing Tobacco or Snuff, specially describe and distinguish the Parts and Places respectively thereof, which he or she shall make use of or intend to make use

of, for laying or keeping his or her Stock of manufactured Tobacco or Snuff for Retail only, and the Shop and Shops, Place and Places, from which he or she shall retail or intend to retail the same; and every such Retailer, and all such Places and Shops so entered by any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for laying or keeping Tobacco or Snuff for Retail, or retailing Tobacco or Snuff and the Retail Stocks of Tobacco or Snuff therein, shall be surveyed by the proper Officer, and be subject to all the Rules and Regulations, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which Retailers only, and the entered Premises of Retailers only of Tobacco or Snuff and the Stocks of such Retailers, are or shall be by Law liable and subject; and all Tobacco and Snuff respectively, which shall be retailed or sold by any such Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, from his or her Retail Stock of, Tobacco or Snuff, shall be first removed to and received by him or her into the Places specially entered and distinguished by him or her for laying or keeping Tobacco or Snuff for Retail, and into his or her Retail Stock of Tobacco or Snuff, with and under a legal Permit or legal Permits; and if any raw or unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns or Snuff Work, not being in legal Transit, and enclosed and secured in the original Package and Packages thereof, and accompanied by a legal Permit or Permits, shall be found laid, deposited or kept in any Shop or Place entered for laying or keeping Tobacco or Snuff for Retail, or for retailing Tobacco or Snuff; or if any manufactured Tobacco or Snuff shall be found removing or shall be removed to or received by any Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, without being accompanied by a legal Permit or Permits, from the Stock of me Manufacturer of such Tobacco or Snuff, or by a legal Certificate or Certificates, Permit or Permits, from the Stock of a Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, to the Stock of such Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, or without such Permit and Permits, Certificate or Certificates, being forthwith delivered to the proper Officer by such Dealer or Retailer to whom such Tobacco or Snuff shall be so permitted or certificated, and who shall receive therewith the Tobacco or Snuff therein specified; or if any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff shall retail or deliver or send out by Retail, any Tobacco or Snuff, without making such Entry as aforesaid, or any Tobacco or Snuff which shall not be first removed to and received by him or her into some Shop or Place so entered, and into his or her Retail Stock of Tobacco or Snuff, with and under such Permit or Permits, Certificate or Certificates as aforesaid, so delivered to the proper Officer as aforesaid, all such Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and every such Manufacturer *

399

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 109.

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Retailers of Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, all Tobacco and every Person and Persons who shall deal in or retail, or intend offi^eT*C

and make Entry to deal in or retail Tobacco or Snuff, shall, upon Books with Demand, receive from the proper Officer of Excise a Book or Forms and Books to be prepared with proper Forms and Titles for the Pur- Titles herein poses hereinafter mentioned, and to be kept by every such Dealer I>e

or Retailer in some Public and open Part of his, her or their kep in 18 of* entered Shop or Premises for dealing in or retailing Tobacco or Snuff, and that from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, no Tobacco or Snuff of any Weight not less than One Pound, or which shall not exceed Ten Pounds, shall be sold, sent out or delivered by any Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff to any Person or Persons whatsoever, without being accompanied by a Certificate Riled up and . cut out progressively from the printed Forms of such Certificates contained in such Book as aforesaid, signed by such Dealer or Retailer selling, sending out or delivering the same, or some Person or Persons on his, her or their Behalf, certifying the Date thereof, the Quantity, Quality, Denomination or Sort or Kind, when sent out on Order, and to whom sold, and from whose Stock delivered; which Certificate shall be firmly and permanently Certificates cut pasted on the Outside Cover or Wrapper of such Parcel or Weight oy* ?f #uch . of Tobacco or Snuff as shall be specined in such Certificate; and, ^sent out that the Dealer or Retailer selling, sending out or delivering any Tobacco* Tobacco or Snuff of any Weight not less than One Pound or ex- and Snuff sold ceeding Ten Pounds as aforesaid, shall at the same time make a not less than correspondent Entry thereof, containing the same Particulars, in not such Book as aforesaid (and that such Tobacco or Snuff when not '

sent out on Order was sold and delivered to the Purchaser on their Entr^tba1*8 retail Premises); and that such Book, with such Entries so made made in such

therein as aforesaid, shall at all Times from the Hour of Seven of Books, the Clock in the Morning until the Hour of Eight of the Clock in Books subject the Evening, lie open and exposed in the entered Premises of ^tln such Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, to the Perusal of any Officer or Officers of Excise, and shall be delivered and given up by such Dealer or Retailer as aforesaid, to any Officer or Officers of Excise, upon Demand; and if any Dealer in or Retailer of Sending out Tobacco or Snuff shall at any one Time retail or sell, 6end out Tobacco and or deliver, from his or her Stock, any Weight or Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff not less than One Pound, and which shall not electing to exceed Ten Pounds, without being accompanied by such Cer- make Entry in tificate pasted thereon as aforesaid, or without making such Entry the Book, ob-in such Book as aforesaid, or shall convey away or conceal any *rucfing such Book or Books as aforesaid, or cancel, obliterate, destroy or tear out any Leaf or Leaves therefrom, or Entry or Entries - y* therein, or shall make any false Entry or Entries therein, or shall oppose, molest, obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers of Excise in inspecting any such Book or Books, or any such Entry or Entries therein as aforesaid, or shall at any time neglect or refuse, when required to deliver or give up to any Officer or Officers such Book or Books as aforesaid, all and every such Person and

and Articles forfeited.

400

C. 109.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Assisting Penalty 50l.

Tobacco or Snuff exceeding 10 lb. lo be accompanied with a Permit, or seised.

Manufacturer of Tobacco and Snuff to be at liberty to strip Leaf which has not been wetted, &c. without Notice.

What Particulars the Notice for Manufacture is to

pecify.

What the Word Operation* it to mean.

Persons so offending shrill for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all such manufactured Tobacco and Snuff respectively so retailed or sent out as aforesaid shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons removing, carrying or conveying the same, or who shall be or shall have been employed or concerned, or aiding or assisting therein, or in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that every Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff shall send out every Quantity of Tobacco or Snuff exceeding Ten Pounds thereof respectively at one Time, by and accompanied with a legal Permit, and not with or under such Certificate as aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting all such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it shall and may be lawful for any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, at any time or times to strip and separate from the Stalks thereof any Tobacco Leaf which has not been wetted or put into or sprinkled with Water, without giving to the Officer of Excise previous Notice of or for the stripping of such dry Tobacco Leaf, and without such stripping of such dry Tobacco Leaf being deemed or taken to be a Commencement of the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff: Provided always, that every such Manufacturer shall, in the Notice given by him or her for commencing the Manufacture of any Tobacco or Snuff, in order that the Officer may weigh the respective Materials intended for that Purpose, and specified in suen Notice, describe and mention whether the Tobacco Leaf specified in such Notice and intended to be Part of the Operation, or how much thereof, is Leaf stripped from the Stalks thereof by such Manufacturer, and how much thereof is Leaf unstripped, as the case may be, from the Stalks thereof; and if such Leaf be Leaf stripped from the Stalks thereof, such Stalks shall not be deemed or taken or allowed to be any Part of the Tobacco Leaf to be weighed for the Operation specified in such Notice, but such Manufacturer shall be entitled to and have Credit in his or her unmanufactured Stock for all such Tobacco Stalks.

IV. And Whereas the Word Operation used and employed with relation to the Manufacture of Tobacco and Snuff is 60 used and employed to express sometimes the Process of manufacturing Tobacco and Snuff respectively, and sometimes the Quantity of Tobacco or other Materials by Law allowed for that Purpose, weighed by the Officer and declared by the Manufacturer at one Time for the Manufacture of the Tobacco or Snuff specified in such DeclarationTo prevent therefore Confusion from arising in the Construction of this Act; Be it enacted, That the Word Operation is used and employed in this Act, and shall be construed in this Act to mean and express only the Quantity of Tobacco and other Materials by Law allowed for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff respectively, weighed by the Officer of Excise, and declared by the Manufacturer at one Time for the Manufacture of the Tobacco or Snuff respectively specified in such Declaration.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 109. 401

V. And be it farther enacted, That if before the Expiration of if Operation any Period respectively prescribed by this Act, for finishing and not completed declaring to be finished any Operation for the Manufacture of To- within Time bacco, any unforeseen or inevitable Cause or Accident shall occur, jj^oidbble by which any such Manufacturer respectively shall unavoidably be Accident, of prevented from finishing and declaring the same to be finished which Notice within such Period, and such Manufacturer shall forthwith give l* given. Notice' in Writing of such Cause or Accident to his or her survey- no Foff'jJlwrc ing Officer of Excise, specifying therein the Nature thereof, and \ncurrld shall give Proof to and to the Satisfaction of the Supervisor of Excise in whose District the entered Premises of such Manufacturer

are situate, of such Cause or Accident, and of the unavoidable Delay thereby occasioned, and shall finish such Operation and declare the same to be finished with as much Diligence and Dispatch as the Nature of such Cause or Accident, Hinderance and Obstruction will allow and permit, no such Manufacturer shall incur any Forfeiture or Penalty by reason of the Delay in the Performance thereof within the respective Period prescribed for that Purpose, unavoidably occasioned by such Cause or Accident; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Manufacturer of To- Only Three

bacco shall have depending, at one and the same Time, more than Operations of Three Operations for the Manufacture of Cut Tobacco, under which atuJne and the Denomination all such Tobacco shall be kept in Stock, permitted unie Time to and sent out, whether the same be generally called or known by be allowed, and the Name of Short Cut or Shag Tobacco; and that every such gu.ch Oper-Operation, where the Weight of Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns.

declared for such Operation, shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds a UmitecTrime Weight Avoirdupois, shall be finished and declared by such Manu- according to th facturer to be finished, before the Expiration of Seven working Size of the Days from the Date of such Declaration; and that where the Operation. Weight of Tobacco, or Tobacco and Returns so declared, shall exceed Five hundred Pounds, such Operation shall be finished and

declared by such Manufacturer to be finished, before the Expiration of Ten working Days from the Date of such Declaration; and that every such Manufacturer who shall have depending, at one and the same Time, more than Three Operations for the Manufacture of Cut Tobacco, or who shall refuse or neglect to finish, and declare to be finished, any Operation for the Manufacture of Cut Tobacco, within the Period of Time hereinbefore mentioned, according to the Size of such Operation, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds. Penalty loot.

VII. And be it further enacted, That during the Process of any During Process Operation for the Manufacture of Cut Tobacco, every such Manu- of Operation for facturer shall cause all the Tobacco Stalks stripped from the

Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for such be*w^hh Operation, to be from time to time removed, when stripped, and removed and kept and deposited in Bin, Cask, Chest, Box or Parcel, separate kept separate, and apart from all other Tobacco Stalks, and ticketed or labelled as the Stalks belonging to such Operation, and shall not Add to or mix any thing therewith, or conceal or make away with any Part thereof, until the same have been weighed and taken Account of by the proper Officer of Excise, when the Operation to which they

1

402

C. 109.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Notice given when Operation finished, for Officer to take Account

Officer to attend Proceedings thereon.

Not removing Stalks when stripped, and keeping them separate, & c. till Account taken; neglecting to give Notice; deceiving Officer, &c .; not removing manufactured Cut Totmcco, &c.

Forfeiture of Tobacco, and Penalty 50l.

belong is finished; and when and so soon as any Operation for the Manufacture of Cut Tobacco is finished, and within the respective Period hereinbefore for that Purpose prescribed, according to the Weight of such Operation, the Manufacturer thereof shall give Notice and a Declaration in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, that such Operation is finished, specifying the Number, Date and original WTeight thereof, and the Weight respectively of such manufactured Cut Tobacco, and of the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation; and such Officer shall, within Twenty four Hours, or if in a Market Town within Six Hours, next after the Receipt of and at the time specified in such Notice, attend for that Purpose, and such Manufacturer shall thereupon produce to such Officer all the manufactured Tobacco (except such Part thereof as shall have been taken therefrom and sent out pending such Operation, under the Laws in that case made and provided) , and the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation; and such Officer shall thereupon weigh all such manufactured Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks (if any) , and Returns respectively of such Operation, and so soon as the same are weighed to the Satisfaction of such Officer, such Manufacturer shall cause all such manufactured Cut Tobacco to be removed, and put or placed with his or her Stock of manufactured Tobacco, and shall also remove the Tobacco Stalks (if any) , and the Returns of such Operation, and put or place the same with his or her Stock of unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Returns, not in Operation; and if any such Manufacturer as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to remove from time to time all such Tobacco Stalks as aforesaid, when the same are stripped from the Leaf as aforesaid, and keep the same separate and apart, and ticketed or labelled as aforesaid, or shall add any thing to or mix any thing therewith, or conceal or make away with any Part thereof, until die . proper Officer shall, on such Operation being finished, have weighed and taken an Account of the manufactured Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operadon, or shall not, when any such Operation as aforesaid is completed and finished, and within the respective Period hereinbefore prescribed for that Purpose, according to the Weight of such Operadon, give such Notice and Declaration as aforesaid, and produce all the manufactured Tobacco, except as aforesaid, Tobacco Stalks (if any) , and Returns of such Operation to, and give such Officer as aforesaid all the Aid and Assistance such Officer shall require, in weighing and taking a true Account thereof; or if any such Manufacturer shall use any Art, Device, Means or Contrivance, by which such Officer shall be hindered, molested or prevented in weighing the same, or shall be deceived, or such Account as aforesaid shall be defeated; or if such ^Manufacturer shall not afterwards remove or cause to be removed and kept as aforesaid all such manufactured Cut Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks (if any) , and Returns as aforesaid, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Returns shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if, on weighing the same, the Officer shall find, when such Operation is finished or declared to be finished, any greater Weight of manufactured Cut Tobacco, together with the Stalks and Returns of such Operation, than after the Rate of One hundred and five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Weight of the Tobacco

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 109.

403

bacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for such Operation, so much of such manufactured Tobacco as shall be equal to the Weight of such greater Increase respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Manufacturer shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: Provided always, that Proviso as to no such Manufacturer shall have or be allowed or entitled to any Credit in Stock Credit in his or her manufactured Stock for more than the Weight allowe<lfor Cut of the Tobacco or Tobacco* and Returns weighed and declared for Tobacco* such Operation, actually manufactured into Cut Tobacco, and produced to and weighed by the Officer, and removed by such Manufacturer into his or her manufactured Stock of Cut Tobacco, and the further Credit of Five Pounds for every Sixty five Pounds of the Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns so manufactured; and after the same Rate for any less Quantity, so as such Credit shall not exceed the Rate of One hundred and five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for such Operation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Manufacturer of To- Manufacturers bacco shall have depending, at one and the same Time, more than of Tobacco to Three Operations for the Manufacture of Roll or Carrot Tobacco 1lJve on)J T*1"* respectively, or more than Two Operations for the Manufacture of Lug Tobacco; and that every such Manufacturer shall cause all a!Mi oniy Two* the Tobacco Stalks stripped from the Leaf of the Tobacco or Operations of Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for any such Oper- Lug Tobacco, ation, to be from time to time removed and kept and deposited in depending at Bin, Cask, Chest, Bag or Parcel, separate and apart from all other Time. Tobacco Stalks, and ticketed or labelled as Tobacco Stalks belonging to such Operation; and shall not add to or mix any thing therewith, or conceal or make away with any Part thereof, until all the Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively of Tobacco made up or to be made up from the Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns of the Operation to which such Tobacco Stalks belong and are Part, together with the whole of the Returns thereof, nave been respectively weighed and taken Account of by the proper Officer of Excise after such Operation is declared to be finished; and that Notice given every such Manufacturer shall, before the Expiration of Forty two when Oper-Days from the Date of his or her Declaration of any Operation for tttiJn^nIllshed, the Manufacture of Roll, Carrot or Lug Tobacco respectively, up>8 make up the whole Number of the Rolls, Carrots or Boxes re- for Officer to spectively to be be made up of or from such Operation, and shall, take Account, upon all such Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively being made up, and within the Time aforesaid, deliver to the proper Officer a Notice and Declaration in Writing that all such Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively are made up, and that such Operation is finished; specifying the Number, Date and Weight of such Operation, and the Weight of the Tobacco Stalks and Returns thereof, and the Number and Weight of such Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively; and such Officer shall within Twenty four Hours, or if Officer to in a Market Town within Six Hours, after the Receipt of such attend.

Notice and Declaration, attend, and such Manufacturer shall produce all such Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively, (except such Part of such Roll Tobacco as shall have been taken therefrom, and sent out pending such Operation, under the Laws in that case

404

C. 109.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 181.

Proceedings

thereon.

I f Tobacco found to weigh more than after the Rate herein mentioned, Excess forfeited and Penalty on Manufacturer of 501.

Having more than the Number of Operations allowed; not removing the tripped Stalks; keeping them separate, & .; neglecting to give Notice; deceiving Officer, &c.

made and provided,) to such Officer to be weighed and taken Account of, together with all the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation, and such Officer shall thereupon weigh the same respectively; and such Manufacturer shall, after such manufactured Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively, together with the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of the Operation have been weighed by the Officer, remove all the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation so weighed to, and put, place and keep the same with and as Part of his or her unmanufactured Stock not in Operation; and if upon such Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively, together with the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of the Operation, being weighed and taken Account of, the same shall, when finished or declared to be finished, be found by the Officer to weigh more than after the Rate of One hundred and fifteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for such Operation, all such Excess and greater Weight shall be forfeited, and a Weight of such manufactured Tobacco equal thereto shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and every such Manufacturer shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if any such Manufacturer as aforesaid shall have more than Three Operations for the Manufacture of Roll or Carrot Tobacco respectively, or more than Two Operations for the Manufacture of Lug Tobacco, depending at one and the same time, or shall not cause all the Tobacco Stalks stripped from the Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for any Operation for the Manufacture of Roll, Carrot or Lug Tobacco respectively, to be from time to time removed and kept and deposited in Bin, Cask, Chest, Bag or Parcel, separate and apart from all other Tobacco Stalks, and ticketed or labelled as aforesaid, or shall add to or mix any thing therewith, or make away with or conceal any Part thereof before all the Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively of Tobacco made up or to be made up of or from the Operation to which such Tobacco Stalks belong and are Part, together with the whole of the Tobacco Stalks and Returns thereof, have been respectively weighed and taken Account of as aforesaid by the proper Officer of Excise, at the Time of such Operation being finished, and declared to be finished; or if any such Manufacturer shall not, before the Expiration of Forty two Days from the Date of his or her Declaration for any Operation for the Manufacture of Roll, Carrot or Lug Tobacco respectively, make up the whole of the Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively to be made up of or from such Operation, and within such Time as aforesaid deliver to the Officer such Notice and Declaration thereof, and that such Operation is finished as aforesaid, and produce all the Rolls, Carrots or Boxes respectively (except as aforesaid) , Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation, to the proper Officer of Excise, to be respectively weighed and taken Account of, and give to such Officer all the Aid and Assistance that he may require for that Purpose; or shall use any Means, Art or Contrivance to deceive such Officer, or hinder, molest or prevent him from taking such Account; or if any such Manufacturer shall not cause all the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation, after the same shall have been so weighed and taken Account of as aforesaid, to be removed to, and put, placed and kept with and as Part of the un-

l3 manufactured

l&2' GEO. IV. C. 109.

405

manufactured Stock of such Manufacturer not in Operation, every such Manufacturer shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that no Manufacturer of Carrot or Lug Tobacco shall have or be allowed or entitled to any Credit in his or her manufactured Stock, for more than for the Weight of Carrot and Lug Tobacco respectively, which he or she shall actually bring off manufactured, and shall produce to the Officer, and which shall be weighed by him, not exceeding the Rate of One hundred and fifteen Pounds for every One Hundred Pounds of the Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for such Operation, after deducting from such Weight of Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns the Weight of the Tobacco Stalks and Returns (if any) of such Operation; nor shall any Manufacturer of Roll Tobacco have or be allowed or entitled to any Credit in his or her manufactured Stock for more than the Weight of so much of the Tobacco Leaf weighed and declared for such Operation, as shall be spun into Roll, and so produced and weighed as aforesaid, and the further Credit of Fifteen Pounds for every Sixty five Pounds of such Weight of Leaf so spun, produced and weighed as aforesaid, and after the same Rate for any less Quantity, so as such Credit shall not exceed the Rate of One hundred and fifteen Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Tobacco, or Tobacco and Returns, weighed and declared for such Operation for Roll Tobacco.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Manufacturer of Segars shall be deemed a Manufacturer of Tobacco; and that no Manufacturer of Tobacco shall have depending, at one and the same Time, more than Three Operations, or any Operation of less Weight than Thirty Pounds of Tobacco, or Tobacco and Returns, for the Manufacture of Segars; and that every Manufacturer of Segars shall, in the Entry made by him or her of Premises for manufacturing Tobacco, specify and distinguish some Room or Rooms, Place or Places thereof, to be used by him or her for making Segars, and which during the Manufacture of Segars shall not be used by such Manufacturer for any other Purpose; and that every such Manufacturer shall cause all the Tobacco Stalks stripped from the Leaf of any Tobacco, declared for an Operation for the Manufacture of Segars, to be from time to time removed, as the same are stripped from the Leaf, and kept and deposited in such Room, in Bin, Cask, Chest, Bag or Parcel, separate and apart from all other Tobacco Stalks, and ticketed or labelled as being the Tobacco Stalks belonging to such Operation, and shall not add to or mix any thing therewith, or conceal or make away with any Part thereof, until all the Segars made up or to be made up of or from such Operation, together with the Tobacco Stalks and Returns thereof, have been weighed and taken an Account of by the proper Officer of Excise; and every such Operation shall be finished and completed within Twenty eight Days from the Date of the Declaration of such Manufacturer for such Operation; and that when and so soon as any such Operation shall be completed and finished, the Manufacturer thereof shall give Twenty four Hours* Notice, and a Declaration thereof in Writing, to the proper Officer of Excise, specifying the Date and Weight of such Operation, and the Number of the Segars manufactured therefrom; and such Officer shall

D d 3 ^attendr

Penalty 1001. Proviso as to Credit in Stock allowed for Carrot and Lug Tobacco.

Manufacturer of Segars deemed a Manufacturer of Tobacco. Tobacco to have only Three Operations depending at one and the same Time, or any Operation of less Weight thin herein mentioned.

Notice to be given when Operation is finished, for Officer to take Account.

e

406

C. 109.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Manufacturers of Segars not making special Entry before manufacturing Segars; not removing the stripped Stalks and keeping them separate, &c .; neglecting to give Notice; deceiving Officer; not removing Segars, &c.

Segars, Tobacco Stalks and Returns forfeited* and Penalty 1001.

Proviso as to Credit allowed

attend at the Time specified in such Notice and Declaration, and such Manufacturer snail thereupon produce all such Segars, together with the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation, to such Officer, to be weighed and taken an Account of, and such Officer shall thereupon weigh and take Account of the whole of such manufactured Segars, and also of the Tobacco Stalks (if any) and the Returns of such Tobacco; and so soon as the same are weighed by and to the Satisfaction of such Officer, such Manufacturer shall remove all such Segars, and place the same with his or her Stock of manufactured Tobacco, and shall also remove the Tobacco Stalks (if any) and Returns of such Tobacco, and place the same with his or her Stock of unmanufactured Tobacco or Tobacco Stalks and Returns not in Operation, there to be respectively kept as aforesaid; and if any Person manufacturing Segaro shall begin to manufacture Segars without having first made such special Entry for that Purpose as aforesaid, and being duly licensed as a Manufacturer of Tobacco, or shall, whilst any such Room or Place so entered is used for manufacturing Segars, use or suffer such Room or Place to be used for any other Purpose, or shall neglect or refuse to remove and keep all such Tobacco Stalks as aforesaid, when the same are stripped from the Leaf as aforesaid, separate and apart and ticketed or labelled as aforesaid, or shall add any thing to or mix any thing therewith, or conceal or make away with any Part thereof, until the proper Officer shall have weighed and taken an Account of all the Segars made up or to be made up of or from such Operation, together with the Tobacco Stalks and Returns thereof, or shall not finish and complete every such Operation within Twenty eight Days from the Date of the Declaration for such Operation as aforesaid; or shall not, when such Operation is finished, and within the Time aforesaid, give such Notice and Declaration as aforesaid, specifying such Particulars as aforesaid, and produce all such Segars, together with the Tobacco Stalks and Returns of such Operation, to such Officer to be weighed aind taken Account of, and give such Officer all necessary Aid and Assistance in weighing and taking a true Account thereof; or shall use any Art, Device, Means or Contrivance by which such Officer shall be hindered, molested or prevented in weighing the same, or shall be deceived, or such Account as aforesaid shall be defeated; or if any such Manufacturer shall not afterwards remove or cause to be removed and kept as aforesaid all such Segars, Tobacco Stalks (if any) , and the Returns of such Tobacco as aforesaid, all Such Segars, Tobacco Stalks and Returns shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and if on weighing such Segars, Tobacco Stalks and Returns as aforesaid, the Officer shall find any Increase in the Weight thereof, above the Rate of One hundred and five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Weight of the Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for such Operation, such Increase or greater Weight shall be forfeited, and a Quantity of such Segars equal thereunto shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Manufacturer shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pound*: Provided always, that no Manufacturer of Segars shall have ot be allowed or entitled to any Credit in his or her manufactured Stofck,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 1Q&

407

for more than the Weight of Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns of the Operation actually made into Scgars, and produced to and weighed by the Officer as aforesaid, with Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns weighed and declared for such Operation, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff shall keep his or her respective Stocks and Packages of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns and Snuff, not being Part of any depending Operation, according to their several Denominations and Descriptions, distinct, separate and apart from each other, and in the Places by him or her entered for that Purpose (if any Places shall be so specially entered) , and shall also keep every Operation for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff distinct and separate from and unmixed with every other Operation for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff, and from all Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and Snuff, not being Part of such Operation; and shall upon every Bin, Cask, Box, Chest, Bag or Parcel, of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and Snuff respectively, not being Part of any depending Operation, mark, write or print* or fix and attach, and continue fixed and attached, a Ticket or Label, on which shall be marked, painted, written or printed, in distinct and legible Numbers and Letters, the Denomination or Description of the Contents thereof, and adding to such Denomination when the same is manufactured Tobacco or Snuff, the Words Manufactured Stock, and shall hang up and continue to be hung up, conspicuously upon some Wall or Door near to the Place where any Operation is depending and in Process of Manufacture, a Board, Ticket or Label, on which shall be painted, written or printed, in distinct and legible Numbers and Letters, the Number, Date and Size of such Operation then there depending, and the particular Tobacco or Snuff for which respectively the same is there in Process of Manufacture; and every such Manufacturer shall, at the Request of any Officer or Officers of Excise, point out, produce and shew to him all and every Part of his or her Tobacco Stalk Flour, and manufactured Stocks of Tobacco and Snuff respectively, and of his or her unmanufactured Stocks of Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks and Returns respectively, not being Part of any depending Operation, and also the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Returns, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Snuff Work and Snuff'weighed and declared for any Operation, and the whole and each Part of each and every Operation for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff then depending in such Manufactory; and if any such Manufacturer shall refuse or neglect to mark, paint, write or print on and distinguish every such Bin, Cask, Box, Chest, Bag or Parcel and Operation as aforesaid, or shall falsely or untruly distinguish any such Bin, Cask, Box, Chest, Bag or Parcel and Operation as aforesaid, and refuse or neglect, on the Request of any Officer of Excise, to point out, produce and shew to him all and every Stock and Particulars as aforesaid, all the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and Snuff contained in any such undistinguished or falsely distinguished or concealed Bin, Cask, Box, Chest, Bag and Parcel respectively, together with the Pack-

D d 4* age

in Stock for Scgars.

Regulations for keeping Stock and Packages separate, and for ticketing and labelling Bins, &c.

Manufacturer to shew Stocks to Officer.

Forfeiture of Tobacco Packages, Stc. and Penalty 1001.

408

Manufacturer not proceeding within One Hour after Officer attends, or declaring Notice void, the same to be void.

Manufacturer in what case to proceed if -Officer do not attend.

For what Times of Attendance by Officer Notice to be given.

Manufacturer not to make Cut, Roll or Carrot Tobacco for Exportation on Drawback, unless made wholly from Tobacco Leaf having the Sulks stripped therefrom, Forfeiture of Tobacco, and Penalty 2001.

C. 109. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

age thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every such Manufacturer so refusing or neglecting to point out, produce and shew to any Officer of Excise making such Request as aforesaid, all and every such Stock and Particulars as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Notice given by any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff respectively, under any of the Provisions of this Act, the Officer of Excise shall attend as thereby required for the Purpose, and at the Time specified in such Notice, and such Manufacturer shall not within the Space of One Hour after such Officer shall be present as aforesaid begin to do and proceed in doing the Act or Thing specified in such Notice, or for which such Notice was given; or if any such Manufacturer shall previously declare in Writing, delivered to any such Officer, any such Notice void, every such Notice shall be void to all Intents and Purposes, and as if never given; and that it shall and may be lawful for any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff to proceed in any Act, Matter or Thing requiring the Presence only of the Officer when done by any such Manufacturer, and which shall be specified in any such Notice, if such Officer shall not attend for that Purpose; provided always, that no such Manufacturer shall proceed so to do, unless such Officer shall not attend for the Space of One Hour after the Expiration of the Time specified in such Notice for that Purpose; and that no Notice shall be given or Declaration made by any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff (except in case of some unforeseen and inevitable Accident) , that shall require the Attendance of any Officer of Excise at or upon the entered Premises of any such Manufacturer, on a Sunday, or at any other Time, or between any other Hours than between Six of the Clock in the Morning and Eight of the Clock in the Evening; and that if any Notice shall he given, or Declaration be made by any such Manufacturer, which shall require such Attendance of the Officers (except as aforesaid) , at any other Time, or between any other Hours than as aforesaid, the same shall be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Manufacturer of Tobacco shall make, manufacture or have in his or her Custody or Possession for Exportation, or shall export on Drawback, or ship, or give Notice for that Purpose, any Cut, Roll or Carrot Tobacco, unless such Tobacco has been wholly made from Tobacco Leaf having the Tobacco Stalks stripped and separated therefrom, or from such Leaf so stripped and Returns of Tobacco Leaf so stripped, and without the Stalks thereof; and if any Manufacturer of Tobacco shall make, manufacture or have in his or her Custody or Possession for Exportation, or shall give Notice to ship, or ship for Exportation on Drawback, any Cut, Roll or Carrot Tobacco, which shall have been made from Tobacco or Tobacco and Returns, without the Tobacco Stalks being first wholly stripped and separated from the Leaf thereof, so that such Cut, Roll and Carrot Tobacco respectively shall have been wholly made from the Leaf of Tobacco from which the whole of the Stalks have been stripped, or from such Leaf so stripped and Returns of Tobacco Leaf' so stripped, the same respectively shall he forfeited, and shall and may be

seized

A.D. 1821.

r&2 GEO. IV. C. 109.

4-09

seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Manufacturer, who snail so make, manufacture or have the same in his, her or their Custody or Possession for Exportation on Drawbacks, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Supervisors and for any Supervisor, or other Officer or Officers of Excise of equal other Officers of or superior Rank to a Supervisor, but in the Presence and with

the Approbation of the Collector or General Surveyor of Excise, we^gh Tobacco if in a Town in which such a Collector or General Surveyor is rein Possession of sident, and such Collector or General Surveyor be summoned and *ny Manufac-required by such Manufacturer to attend for that Purpose, at any turer of Tobacco time or times, to weigh all or any Part or Parcel of all the To- or Snu"* bacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and Snuff of any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff respectively, whether the same or any Part or Parcel thereof be manufactured or unmanufactured, or is in or under any Process of Manufacture (except the Snuff Work of any Operation for the Manufacture of Snuff, between the Time of being put into Process of Cure and the taking out any Part of any of the Snuff Work of such Operation for drying or grinding the same); and if upon any such If Weight is weighing, such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid Credit

shall find in the Possession of any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff respectively any greater Weight of any manufactured To- penalty 1001. bacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff respectively, or any unma- . nufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Returns (not being Part of any depending Operation weighed or declared for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff respectively) , than the Credit to which such Manufacturer shall be by Law at that Time entitled for such manufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff respectively, or for such unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Returns respectively, such greater Weight of manufactured Tobacco,

Tobacco Stalk Flour or Snuff, or unmanufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks or Returns respectively, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise, and every such Manufacturer shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any such Supervisor or if in weighing other Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall upon any such weighing Tobacco in Proof any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, cesa for Manu-Snuff Work or Snuff, weighed or declared for or in or under any Process for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff respectively, than ac-find any such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, counted for. Returns, Snuff Work or Snuff, or any Part or Parcel thereof, to Officer to probe of greater Weight than shall be accounted for by such Manu- *1 to examine facturer by the Water added thereto for the Purpose of the Ma- OPCr*Uon, nufacture thereof, every such Supervisor or other Officer and '

Officers as aforesaid shall and is hereby authorized and required to make thereupon such full and particular Examination, not only of such Operation on which such greater Weight shall be found, and not accounted for as aforesaid, but of all and every other Operation and Operations (if any) for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff of the same Denomination which such Manufacture shall then have depending, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, and of all the Circumstances relating thereto; as he or they shall think fit,

C. 109.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 18-21.

and to take Samples, paying for the same.

Penalty 1001. Obstructing or not assisting Officer, &c .;

or deceiving Officer;

or concealing, &c. Tobacco;

Penalty 200L

Adulterating Tobacco or Snuff, &c.

or as he or they may be thereupon requested to make by any such Manufacturer; and to take from as many Parts and Parcels of such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and Snuff, as be or they shall think fit, any Quantity or quantities as a Sample thereof, not exceeding Four Pounds Weight from each such Parcel, paying such Manufacturer for the same at and after the Current Price of unmanufactured Tobacco, including the Duty thereon; and if upon weighing all the Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and Snuff, weighed and declared for and in or under any Process for the Manufacture of Tobacco or Snuff of the like Denomination as aforesaid by such Manufacturer, and which sufch Manufacturer shall then shew to such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers, and request him or them to weigh and examine as aforesaid, the same shall be found to be together of greater Weight than shall be accounted for by such Manufacturer as aforesaid, every such Manufacturer shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and if any Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff respectively shall obstruct or hinder any Supervisor or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, from weighing or taking Account of all his or her Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and* Snuff, or of any Part or Parcel thereof (except such Snuff Work as aforesaid) , or examining the State or Condition thereof, or taking any such Sample as aforesaid; or shall not give to such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, all such Aid and Assistance as he may require in or for any such weighing or taking any such Account as aforesaid, or shall use any Art, Device or Contrivance, by which any such Supervisor or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall be hindered, obstructed, deceived or defeated therein; or if. any such Manufacturer shall, after any Supervisor or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid shall have begun, or expressed or signified to such Manufacturer, his Servant or Workman, his or their Intention or Determination to begin to weigh or take an Account of any Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work or Snuff, or any Part or Parcel thereof as aforesaid, remove or conceal any Part thereof, or make any Alteration or Change therein, by which the Weight thereof may be lessened or increased, or the weighing and taking an Account thereof may be rendered imperfect er in any respect more difficult, every such Manufacturer shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Manufacturer of, Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, shall mix with or put, or cause, permit or suffer to be mixed with or put into or amongst any Tobacco, manufactured or unmanufactured, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns of Tobacco, Snuff Work or Snuff, any Substance, Material or Thing whatsoever, not being Tobacco or Snuff, and other than Water only, or Water tinged with Colour or flavoured only; and if any Tobacco, manufactured or unmanufactured, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns of Tobacco, Snuff Work or Snuff, shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any such Manufacturer, Dealer or Retailer, or in Transit from any such Manufacturer, Dealer or Retailer, or other

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 109. 411

Person or Persons, to any other Person or Persons mixed with any Substance, Material or Thins, not being Tobacco or Snuff, and other than Water only, or Water tinged with Colour or flavoured only, or to or amongst which any Substance, Material or Thing, not being Tobacco or Snuff, and other than Water only, or Water tinged with Colour or flavoured only, has been put, all such Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns, Snuff Work and Snuff, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Forfeited. Officer or Officers of Excise; and if any manufactured Tobacco Proviso as to or Tobacco Stalk Flour, in the Possession of any Manufacturer of, Allowance of Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, shall be found, upon SutlSanoe in* any Examination of Analysis thereof, to contain a greater Weight xobaccVother of any Substance, Material or Thing, not being Tobacco, and other than Water, &c. than Water only, or Water tinged with Colour or flavoured only, than Two per Centum of the Weight of the manufactured Tobacco or Tobacco Stalk Flour under Examination of Analysis; or if any Snuff in the Possession of any Manufacturer of or Dealer in or Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, shall be found, upon any Examination or Analysis thereof, to contain a greater Weight of any Substance,

Material or Thing, not being Snuff, and other than Water only, or Water tinged with Colour or flavoured only, than Four per Centum of the Weight of the Snuff under Examination or Analysis, such Material, Article or Thing, not being in such case respectively Tobacco or Snuff, and being other than Water only, or Water tinged with Colour or flavoured only, shall be deemed to have been unlawfully added and mixed with such manufactured In what case Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff respectively, by the Person or Persons in whose Possession such manufactured Tobacco, y

Tobacco Stalk Flour, or Snuff shall be found; and all such manufactured Tobacco, Tobacco Stalk Flour, and Snuff respectively shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and every Manufacturer of. Dealer in and Retailer of Tobacco or Snuff, in whose Possession any such adulterated Tobacco, Tobacco Stalks, Tobacco Stalk Flour, Returns of Tobacco, Snuff Work or Snuff, shall be found, or who shall commit or cause, permit or suffer to be commited, any such Offence as aforesaid, shall forfeit for each and every sudh Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds, over and above all other Penalties and Penalty. Forfeitures.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Proviso for contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to Acts in force repeal or alter any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at or im- immediately mediately before the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, relating to the Duties on Tobacco or iDg tf, e Snuff, or any of the Clauses or Provisoes therein contained, save Duties on To-and except so far as any such Act or Acts, or the Clauses, Pro- bacco or Snuff visions, Powers or Authorities therein contained, are expressly repealed, altered or controlled by this present Act, or are repugnant to any of the Provisions' thereof; but that all and singular the said former Acts, and the several Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Powers and Authorities therein contained or granted, and the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures incurred or thereby imposed or provided for any Breach or Non Observance of the same, except as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect

n Y

412

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

48 G. 3. c. 55.

52 G. 3. c. 93.

56 G. 3. C. 66.

51.

C. 109, 110. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

as if this Act had not been made; any thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it farther enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majestya Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him, her or them, who shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

CAP. CX.

An Act for repealing the Duties imposed on Husbandry Horses, and to make perpetual several Acts for reducing the Duties on certain Horses and Mules.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act for repealing the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof and certain additional Duties to be consolidated therewith; and also for repealing the Stamp Duties on Game Certificates, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners

for the Affairs of Taxes; certain Duties contained in the Schedule marked (F.) of the said Act were imposed and made payable on all Horses, Mares and Geldings, not charged with any Duty,

according to the Schedule marked (E.) of the said Act, and on Mules in the cases thereinafter mentioned, in lieu of certain Duties thereby repealed: And Whereas also by another Act passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain new and additional Duties of Assessed Taxes, and for consolidating the

same with the former Duties of Assessed Taxes; certain other ' 4 and additional Duties were imposed and made payable on Horses,

Mares or Geldings, and Mules, kept for the Purposes of Husbandry, which are severally contained in a Schedule of the last mentioned Act marked (F. No. II.) s And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, for Two Years, and for repealing the Acts granting Allowances in respect of Children, the Duties imposed and made payable by the Acts before mentioned, on Horses kept for the Purpose of Husbandry, were discontinued and suspended, so far as the same relates to Persons occupying Farms of the Description and Value therein mentioned, for the Term of Two Years, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and sixteen, and other Duties substituted on Persons occupying Farms as Tenants at a Rack Rent less than Two hundred Pounds per Annum, and making a Livelihood solely thereby, or any other Estate therein

A.D. 1821.

l8c 2 GEO. IV. C. 110.

413

described, of a Value less than equivalent to a Farm at the Rack Rent of Two hundred Pounds per Annum, and making a

Livelihood solely by such Estate, or by such Estate and Farm jointly: And Whereas the said reduced Duties were, by certain

Acts passed in the Fifty eighth and Fifty ninth Years of the 58 G. 3. c. is. Reign of His said late Majesty, further continued until and 59 G-c* 13 *

upon the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and

twenty one: And Whereas an Act was passed on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, during the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to continue, until c* 20. ante.

the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, several Acts of His late Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned,

whereby the said substituted Duties were continued until and upon the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty three: And Whereas divers Petitions, praying, amongst other things, for the Repeal of the Duties granted by the said recited Acts, were presented to the Commons in Parliament assembled in the present Session; which Petitions, whilst the said Act last before recited was pending, were referred to the Consideration of a Select Committee of the said Commons; and it was intended to make Provision in the said recited Act for allowing the Amendment or Repeal thereof in the present Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of enabling Parliament to give such Relief to the said Petitioners as to the Wisdom of Parliament should seem expedient; which Provision was, by mistake,

omitted to be inserted therein: And Whereas, since the passing of the said last mentioned Act, leave hath been given by the Commons, in Parliament assembled, to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Duties, so far as they relate to and are imposed on Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, kept and used for the Purposes of Husbandry only; and it is expedient that the said Duties shall be repealed from and after the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and that the said Act of the present Session for continuing the said Duties, depending upon and connected with the Continuance of the Duties granted by the Two first mentioned Acts, and hereby repealed,

should also be repealed from the same Period Be it therfeore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One So much of rethousand eight hundred and twenty two, the said several Duties on titles

Persons, in respect of Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, kept on Husbandry and used solely for the Purpose of Husbandry in Great Britain, Horses, &c. re-and all Assessments thereon, shall severally cease and determine, pealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Assessments made or Power to Com-to be made on Persons, in respect of Horses, Mares, Geldings or missioned to Mules before described, for the Year to end on the Fifth Day of of

April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in pursuance thr^d'Acts of the Acts hereinbefore mentioned, shall be in force for the Pur- now in progress pose of collecting, levying, receiving or paying the Duties thereon, for Three Quar-for One Quarter of the said Year and no longer; and it shall be Un of a Year lawful for the respective Commissioners, or any Two or more of

C. 110.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

414

for's Duty on

Husbandry

Horses.

59 G.3. c. 51. 1 G. 4. c. 73.

Power to Commissioners to discharge the Duty on Husbandry Horses compounded for, for Threa Quarters of the present Year.

Proviso for additional Duty.

The Duties on Mules used in carrying Stone, Slate, &c. to cease as herein mentioned.

them, at their Meetings to be held in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Wards, Towns and Places in Great Britain, after the End of the First Quarter of the said Year, and after Payment of One Fourth Part of the Duty assessed on the said Persons for the said Year, to discharge the Remainder of the said Duties, so assessed on the said Persons, and to make and return their Schedules of Discharge thereof at the Time and in the Manner directed by the said Acts, for making and returning their Certificates of Charge on Assessed Taxes for that Year; and the said respective Commissioners, and all Persons acting under them in the Execution of the said Acts, and all Parishes and Places, and the Inhabitants thereof respectively, shall be indemnified and exonerated from all Claims, in respect of the Proportion of the said Assessments hereby directed to be discharged.

III. And Whereas under and by virtue of Two Acts, the one

thereof passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty, and the other thereof passed in the First Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, divers Persons have compounded for their Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, under Contracts

which were made to continue in force for Three Years, and it is expedient to relieve the Persons who have compounded for the Duties on their Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules kept and used solely for the Purpose of Husbandry, for Three Quarters of the Third Year of their respective Contracts, conformable to the Repeal of the said Duties before directed Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, at their Meetings to be held in their several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Stewartries, Cities, Wards, Towns and Places in Great Britain, where any such Contracts shall have been entered into, at any Time after the Payment of One Fourth Part of the Duty chargeable for Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules used for the Purpose of Husbandry contained in any such Contract, and thereby made payable or becoming due within the Third Year of such Contract, whether the Amount of such Composition shall be made payable Quarterly or Half Yearly, to discharge the Residue of the Duty on such Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules contained in any such Contract, but nevertheless without discharging any Part of the additional Duty thereon contracted, thereby to be paid, and to make and return their Schedules of Discharge thereof, in the manner hereinbefore directed to be done in cases of Assessment, under and subject to the like Immunities and Indemnities as are before declared concerning Assessments.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, The Duties on Mules, imposed and made payable on Mules by any of the said Acts, shall cease and determine in respect of all and every the Person or Persons who shall seek his or her or their Livelihood by the Carriage or Conveyance of Ore, Slate, Stone or Coal or Culm to or from the Mine or Pit, or by the Carriage of Lime, Sea Sand, Sea Weed or other Manure; provided that such Ore, Slate or Stone, or Coal or Culm, Sea Sand, Sea Weed or other Manure, be loaded on the Backs of such Mule, and not otherwise.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 110, 111.

415

V. And Whereas by the said Acts certain other Duties of Assessed Taxes, in respect of Horses, Mares or Geldings are reduced in certain cases therein described for a limited time, and it is expedient that the said reduced Duties should be made perpetual Be it further enacted, That the reduced Duties Reduced imposed by the said Acts on Horses, Mares or Geldings shall, in Duties of the every case where the same are granted during the Continuance of ^ors^oTrid the said Acts, be further continued and made perpetual by virtue in  &Ct grantca of this Act: Provided always, that nothing in the said Acts or f0r'a limited this Act shall be construed to affect any Exemption to which the Period, made Use of such Horses, Mares or Geldings may entitle the Person pen>ual. keeping the sajne, by any Act passed prior to the granting of Provi80, the said reduced Duties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Act not to re shall be construed to revive any Rate or Duty imposed on Horses, vive f?^eT Mares or Geldings, by any Act or Acts repealed by the said first duties, mentioned Act of the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late

Majesty or by any other Act herein mentioned.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Provisions of herein contained shall be construed to repeal any of the Provisions said Acts to of the said Acts, relating to any of the Assessed Taxes or any Compositions for the same, other than the Duties or Compositions r^&c.g

on such Husbandry Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules before mentioned; and that all the Provisions of the said Acts shall continue to be in force, for the Purpose of making and completing the Assessments and Compositions on such Husbandry Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, for the present and all former Years, and for the raising, levying, paying and accounting for the Sums assessed or compounded for, payable before or upon the Period hereby fixed for discharging the Assessments within the present Year as before directed; and also for the levying, collecting and paying all and every the Arrears of the said Duties, which shall have been or shall be charged for any Year prior to the passing of this Act, or which shall have been or shall be charged for the present Year, and not directed to be discharged by this Act, and which shall be in arrear and unpaid; and for the suing for, adjudging and recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been or may be incurred in respect of any such Assessment, and for the hearing Appeals against any such Assesment.

CAP. CXI.

An Act to empower the Commissioners in Great Britain for the Execution of several Acts for authorizing the Issue of Exchequer Bills for carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries, and Employment of the Poor, to extend the Time for the Payment of certain Advances under the said Acts.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year o^ S7 G. 3. c. 34.

the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third* S

intituled An Act to authorise the Issue of Exchequer Bills, and the Advance o f Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to a limited Amount^ for the carrying on of Public Works and Fisheries in the

V-United

C. 111.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

1 United Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor in Great Britain,

in manner therein mentioned, (and which Act was amended by 57 G.s. c. 124. another Act passed in the same Session of Parliament,) it was

enacted, that it should be lawful for The King's Most Excellent Majesty to authorize and empower the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland to cause or direct any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out at His Majesty's Exchequer in Great Britain not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, to be issued to certain Commissioners in the said first recited Act named for the Execution of the

said Act in Great Britain, and to be by the said Commissioners advanced in Loans for the Purposes in the said several Acts respectively mentioned, to be repaid upon the Terms and Conditions in the said Acts specified and set forth: And Whereas

l G. 4. c go, another Act was passed in the last Session of Parliament, for amending and continuing the said Two recited- Acts, and for

extending the Powers of the Commissioners for executing the said Acts in Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Commissioners should be authorized and empowered

to extend and enlarge the Periods for Repayment of certain

1 Loans advanced by the said Commissioners under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, for the Purpose of carrying on Public Works:' Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in any case where any Loan or Loans have been made at any Time before the passing of this Act, and also in any case where any Loan or Loans shall be made at any Time after the passing of this Act, under the Authority of the said recited Acts or any or either of them, or of any Act or Acts of Parliament having reference to the said recited Acts or any or either of them, to any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or to any Company or Companies of Proprietors, or to any Trustee or Trustees of any Roads or Railways, or to any other Person or Persons engaged in the carrying on of any Works of a public Nature, and which said Loan or Loans have been or shall be made repayable by Annual Instalments of not less than Five Pounds per Centum upon the Amount of the Principal Sum or Sums originally advanced, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Acts to grant any further Time for the Payment of any Instalment or Instalments of Principal, and any Payment or Payments of Interest or either of them respectively, due or to become due on such Loan or Loans, and to alter or postpone all or any of the several Periods stipulated or to be stipulated for the Repayment of such Loan or Loans respectively, and Interest, or of any Instalment, Part or Proportion of such Loan or Loans, and of the Payments of Interest thereof respectively, upon such Terms and Conditions, and under such Regulations wad Restrictions as the said Commissioners shall, in their Discretion, think fit, and as they shall, in each case, order, direct and appoint; any thing in the said recited Acts or any or either of them, or any Act or Acts having reference to the said recited Acts or any or either of them, to the contrary in

anywise

Where Loans advanced or to be advanced for carrying on Public Works, repayable by Annual Instalments of not less than 5 per Cent., the Commissioners acting under recited Acts may grant further Time for Payment of such Instalments, and also for Payment of Interest.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C.lll, 112.

417

anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that the ultimate

Period for the Repayment of any such Loan or Loans, or of any Instalment, Part or Proportion of such Loan or Loans, and all Interest thereon, shall not in any case be extended beyond the Period at which the Principal of such Loan or Loans would have been repaid by an Annual Instalment of Five Pounds per Centum as aforesaid from the Date of the Advance of the said Loans respectively.

---

CAP. CXII.

An Act to grant, for the Term of Five Years, additional Stamp Duties on certain Proceedings in the Courts of Law, and to repeal certain other Stamp Duties, in Ireland.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of certain Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, divers Sums of Money will become annually payable out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for Salaries, Allowances or Compensations to the Judges of the superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland, and to divers Officers of and in the said Courts, in lieu of certain Fees heretofore payable to such Judges and Officers respectively, and of the Profits of certain Offices which are to cease and determine, or to be abolished; and it is reasonable, in order to meet the said Charges, that certain Duties of Stamps, hereinafter specified, should be granted and paid for, upon or in respect of several Proceedings in the said Courts, heretofore liable to the Payment of Fees to

---

the said Judges or Officers, or some of them:' Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, there shall be granted, raised, levied, collected and paid in Ireland, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters and Things, mentioned, enumerated and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, the several Sums of Monies and Duties, as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Words and Figures in the said Schedule, and in every Part thereof, over and above and in addition to any Stamp Duties or other Duties payable by Law for, upon or in respect of the said several Mattesr and Things, or any of them respectively; and that the said Schedule, and every Clause, Regulation, Matter and Thing therein respectively contained, shall be and be deemed, taken and considered as Part of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Duties shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland, and shall be and be deemed and construed to be Stamp Duties; and that the several Duties, Penalties, Clauses and Matters contained in this Act, shall be subject to the several Rules, Regulations and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several Stamp Duties in

Limitation at such further Time.

Certain Stamp Duties specified in Schedule to be raised over and above all other Duties.

Duties under Care of Commissioners, and subject to Regulations of 56 G. 3. c. 56.

e

41t>

C. 11'2.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 181.

Duties paid in British Currency; Exception.

Separate Types and Stamps to be used at Stamp Office, for denoting Duties in Schedule.

Where there is i.o precise Stomp to denote the Duty, Two or more Stamps may be used.

Commissioners may direct Stamps to be used.

Devices may be changed or altered, of which Notice to be given in the Dublin Gazette and other newspapers.

Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collection and Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof, and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties; so far as the same shall be respectively applicable, and save as hereinafter is otherwise expressly provided.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Duties by this Act granted and made payable, shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in British Currency, except a Duty of Four Pence in the said Schedule inserted, which shall be paid and payable according to the Amount thereof in Irish Currency.

IV. And be it further enacted, That separate and particular Types, Marks and Stamps shall be kept and used for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the several and respective Duties granted by this Act; and that each and even of such Types, Marks and Stamps shall have marked or expressed thereon the Words " Law Fund," exclusive of, and besides such other Words, or such Marks, Figures or Devices, as may be deemed necessanr for denoting and marking on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the said several and respective Stamp Duties payable thereon respectively; and that such Types, Marks and Stamps shall be the only true and lawful Types, Marks and Stamps, for the stamping and impressing of all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to denote the Payment of the Stamp Duties so granted by this Act; and that such Types, Marks and Stamps, shall not be used or deemed to denote any Stamps save those granted by this Act; and that if at any time there shall not be any such Type, Mark or Stamp, denoting precisely any of the Stamp Duties which shall from time to time be so payable, or if it shall for any other Reason be thought fit and expedient so to do, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Stamps to direct that Two or more of such Types, Marks or Stamps, the Duties denoted whereby shall in the whole amount to the Stamp Duties so payable respectively, shall be used on the same Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, for denoting such Duties, or, at their Discretion, to cause to be provided new Types, Marks or Stamps, for denoting such Duties, or any of them, and to cause all Vellum, Parchment or Paper chargeable with such Duties, to be stamped or marked with the same; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to direct that such Devices, Stamps or Marks shall be used, 86 may express the Amount of the Duty, either directly in Words and Figures, or in any other Manner whatsoever, whereby the same shall or may be sufficiently denoted, at their Discretion.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Devices, Types, Stamjfc or Marks, used or to be used for denoting on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, the Payment of any of the Stamp Duties granted by this Act, which shall be payable from time to time, may be discontinued, changed, varied or altered from time to time, and new or other Devices, Types, Stamps or Marks may be used in lieu of the Devices, Types, Stamps or Marks so discontinued, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, or the Commissioners of Stamps in Ireland for the time being, shall ihink fit; provided that whenever any of the Devices, Types, Stamps or Muiks aforesaid shall be changed, varied or altered,

then

I

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 112.

419

then and in every such case, public Notice of every such Change,

Variation or Alteration shall be given by Advertisement in the Dublin Gazette, and in some other public Newspaper, a convenient

Time before the Types, Marks or Stamps, on which such new Devices or Marks shall be made, shall be used.

VI. And be it further enacted, That such Types, Marks or The proper Stamps, having the Words " Law Fund" impressed theredh, to- Stamps dc-gether with such other Words, Figures and Devices as before scribed* mentioned, shall be the only proper Types, Marks and Stamps

for denoting the several Duties granted by this Act; and that all Writings not

Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not marked with such Types, Stamps having such

or Marks, shall be of no other Effect than if the said Matters Stamps void.

+respectively had been written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper not marked or stamped, although any other Stamps or Stamp may be impressed thereon, of the Amount by Law required, or of any greater Amount; and all Persons who shall so write or Writing on

print any such Article, Matter or Thing respectively, on any Paper, Paper, &c. hav-

+Vellum or Parchment having any such improper Stamp or Stamps improper thereon, shall incur and suffer such Penalty as they would be liable to in case such Article, Matter or Thing respectively, had been written or printed on Paper, Parchment or Vellum not marked or stamped.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Matters and Tilings, in Some Part of respect whereof any of the said Stamp Duties shall be payable by Writing to this Act, shall be written or printed, or written and printed, in such covr Manner (and if printed or written in part or entirely before being | stamped, shall be so stamped) that some Part of the Writing or to any Printing thereof shall be on the Stamps or Marks which shall be other Purpose, placed on the Vellum or Parchment or Paper thereof, and such

Writing or Printing shall from thence be continued in the usual Form of writing, printing or engrossing Deeds or Writings, so that no Blank Space shall be left whereby such Stamps might be made applicable to any other Deed or Instrument whatsoever, upon pain that any Person who shall so write, engross or print or stamp, or cause to be written, engrossed or printed or stamped, any such Writing, Matter or Thing, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds. Penalty lol.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Instrument, where Instm-

Article, Matter or Thing charged with a Duty by this Act, marked menu engrossed with any Type, Device or Mark authorized by this Act, shall have inadvertently, been engrossed or written on Parchment, Vellum or Paper not duly w, th<>utthe stamped with the proper Amount of Duty, and it shall satisfactorily SetoouSt to appear to the said Commissioners of Stamps, upon Oath or Affirm- the Stamp Of-ation or otherwise, that the same hath happened either by Ac- fice within Sixty cident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity or unavoidable Days, Com-Circumstances, and without any Intention in any Party to defraud mis?5c" may His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of the Duty chargeable upon them

such Instruments, then and in every of the said cases, if such In- to be properly strument shall, within Sixty Days from the Preparation or first tamped. Execution thereof, be brought to the Stamp Office in the City of

Dublin to be stamped, and the Duty chargeable upon such Instrument shall be paid, it shall and may be lawful for such Commissioners, if they shall think proper so to do, to remit any Penalty payable on stamping such Instrument, or any Part thereof, so

Ee2 b CXCeeJle

420

C. 112.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Stamps spoiled, from being written upon and not executed or used, &c., may be exchanged for others. Oath being made to certain Particulars and under the circumstances herein mentioned.

Provided such Stamps are! brought within the Time herein mentioned.

Proviso where Paper has the 'Watermark of

Slump OlTicc.

f.nv. IVu' cd-t; ... ol iw Le

executed without being stamped, and to cause such Instrument to be stamped with the proper Stamp; and every Person concerned in engrossing any such Instrument, or executing the same, shall be thereupon exempt from all Penalties on account thereof.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon Proof on Oath, or solemn Affirmation (if by a Quaker) , made before the said Commissioners, or any of them, or before any inferior Officer by them in that Behalf appointed (and which Oath or Affirmation such Officer is hereby empowered to administer) , to the Satisfaction of such Commissioner or Officer, that any Deed or Instrument, Article, Matter or Thing, written or printed upon any stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked and stamped as required by this Act with the appropriate Stamp for any of the Duties granted by this Act, hath not been executed or signed by any Party or Parties, or that such Vellum, Parchment or Paper hath not been used for any of the Purposes for which the same was or were intended, or that any Form of any Instrument whatever, printed with Blanks to be filled up according to each case, hath by the Death of any Party, Repeal of any Act of Parliament, or other Event or Fatality, become unfit for the Purpose intended, and the Person making such Affidavit or Affirmation hath not, nor hath any other Person on his Account received, and that such Person will not receive any Money or other Consideration for the Stamp thereupon, and that the said Stamp or Stamps is or are really and truly the Property of the Person making such Affidavit, and have or hath been paid for by such Person to the full Amount of the Duty thereon, and that such Person will be a Loser to such Amount unless such Person shall receive other Stamps in lieu thereof; and upon the Person or Persons who should produce such Proof, delivering such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper as aforesaid^ and delivering at the same Time a like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment or Paper to be stamped, then and in every such case the said Commissioners shall cause, the same to be stamped or marked with such appropriate Stamps, to denote the several and respective Duties granted by this Act, which shall be stamped, marked or impressed on the stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper so then delivered in, or to denote any of the other Duties granted by this Act which may be required, the Persons so requiring the same first paying the Difference of Amount in that Behalf (if any): Provided always, that such stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper so delivered in, shall he brought to the Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin, within Six Calendar Months next after such Deed or Instrument shall have been engrossed or written, or such blank Form shall have been rendered unfit for the Purpose intended, if the same shall belong to any Person or Persons resident in Dublin, or within Ten Miles of the Castle of Dublin, or within Twelve Calendar Months if the same respectively shall belong to Persons resident elsewhere: Provided also, that the said Commissioners, or any Officer under their Authority, shall not be required or obliged to impress on any Paper, Parchment or Vellum so brought, any Stamp or Mark which shall then be confined to Paper having the Watermark of the said Stamp Office.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Peiooiu a: any time file, oi cause to be filed in any Court

le & 2 GEO. IV. C. 11Z.

421

of Law, any Pleading, Affidavit or other Proceeding, Matter or filed without Thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any Stamp Duty shall be the proper payable, and there shall not be any Time expressly allowed by Stamps.

Law for stamping the same after the filing thereof, and that such Pleading, Affidavit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing shall not at the Time of filing thereof be duly stamped as directed by this Act, then and in every such case every Person who shall so file the same, or cause the same to be filed, and also every Officer of such Court in whose Office the same shall be received, shall for every uch Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds. Penalty 201.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer, who . in Officers en-respect of any Office or Employment is or shall be entitled or intrusted to make, engross or write, or cause to be made, engrossed or written, any Record, Entry, Deed, Writ, Instrument or Writing whatsoever, which shall be chargeable with a Stamp Duty under or by virtue of this Act, or to issue any Process, or to file any Proceedings, or to do any Act in the Execution of his Office, with respect to any Article, Matter or Thing chargeable with any Duty by this Act, in whose Office there shall be any Fraud, Practice or Neglect, by means whereof His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, may be deprived of any Duty granted by this Act, by any Person making, engrossing or writing any such Record, Entry,

Deed, Writ, Instrument or Writing, upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper not duly tnarked or stamped according to Law, or upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or stamped with any counterfeit Mark, Stamp*or Impression, or by any Person engrossing or writing any such Record, Deed, Writ, Instrument or other Writing, upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper which shall be marked or Stamped for a lower Duty than the Duty which shall be by Law payable for the same, or by the Neglect of any thing required to be done in the Execution of the Duties of his said Office, or by the doing of any thing contrary to the Duties of the same, in relation to any Stamp Duty or Duties, then and in every such case such Officer in whose Office any such Fraud, Practice, or Neglect shall take place, shall for every such Fraud, Practice or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Officer in whose Officers,

Office any Pleading, Affidavit, Proceeding, Matter or Thing shall Clerks, &c. re-be received, shall, as to the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and ceiving taken to have received the same; and that every Clerk, Officer

or other Person, who shall make, engross or write, or cause to be ^KlsT&cf on*" made, engrossed or written, any Record, Entry, Deed, Instrument counterfeited or Writing, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper marked or Stamps, deemed stamped with any Mark, or Stamp, or Impression, which shall be to have known counterfeited to resemble any Type, Mark or Stamp to denote the 1116 same' Payment of any of the Duties under this Act, shall in any Proceeding for the Recovery of the Penalty in that respect aforesaid be deemed and taken to have known such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be counterfeited, unless he shall prove that the same was bought Proviso, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, or at the Office of some Distributor or Sub Distributor of Stamps, or in the Office or Shop of a Person licensed to sell Stamps.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when any Person who- Officers to pay soever shall desire to have any Judgment marked or satisfied, or over the Duty

E e 3 0CMjlc

trusted to write Records, &c. defrauding the Revenue:

Penalty 1001 .;

422

C. 112.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

payable on Entries made in the Courts of Justice.

Principals liable for Duties received by Deputies.

Public Officers to pay Duties as directed under Orders of Court.

Court may 4*rant a Rule for Officer to shew Cause why he should not pay the same, &c.

and may make Order thereon.

Duplicate Book of Entries of Judgments, &c. to be kept.

any other Entry whatsoever made in or upon any Record, Book or Roll of any Court, in respect of which Entry any Stamp Duty shall be payable under this Act, such Person shall pay to the Officer who shall be by him required to make such Entry, the Amount of such Duty, and such Officer shall afterward pay over such Duty in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and if any such Officer, or any Person in his Office, shall make or suffer to be made any such Entry, without having received the Amount of such Stamp Duty thereon, where such Officer is to receive such Stamp Duty, such Officer shall be responsible for such Stamp Duty, and shall be bound to pay over the same in manner hereinafter provided, in the same Manner in all Respects as if he had actually received such Duty.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Person who shall receive such Stamp Duties on Entries, shall be a Deputy or Clerk acting in the Office of any superior Officer, having Power to appoint such Deputy or Clerk, then and in every such case, if such Deputy or Clerk shall not duly pay over such Stamp Duties respectively, such superior Officer shall be liable to pay the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer or other Person, who under or by virtue of any of the Provisions of this Act, or of any other Act or Acts in anywise relating to the Collection or Management of any Stamp Duty or Stamp Duties payable in respect of any Part of the Business of any Court of Justice, shall, either by himself or by any other Person appointed by him, receive from any Person or Persons whomsoever, any Sum or Sums of Money as or for the Amount, or in Part of any such Stamp Duty or Duties, then and in every such case every such Officer so receiving, or who shall be responsible for the same, shall be accountable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the same, and the Amount thereof shall be a Debt from such Person to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and recoverable as such; and that in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Court in respect of any Business wherein such Duty shall have been so paid, upon Application to be made for that Purpose, by Affidavit, on Behalf of the Commissioners of Stamps, if the said Commissioners shall think proper to proceed in that manner, to grant a Rule requiring such Officer to shew Cause why he should not forthwith pay, according to Law, the Amount of all such Sums so received and then due by him, and if necessary, why he should not deliver, in such Way as such Court shall direct, an Account on Oath of all such Duties so due, and also to refer the taking of such Account to any Officer of such Court or other Person; and when such Court shall be satisfied as to the Amount of the Sum so due, to make such Order for the Payment thereof, and also of the Costs of so recovering the same, as to such Court shall seem fit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Officer in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, or in the Court of Common Picas, or in. the Pleas or Common Law Side of the Court of Exchequer, in Ireland, who shall have the Custody of any Book wherein the marking of any Judgments shall be entered, or wherein shall be entered the Satisfaction of any Judgment, shall keep and

1* have

1 & 2 GEO. IX7.

4-23

A.D. 1821.

C. 112.

have a Duplicate of every such Book, wherein all such Entries shall be truly copied.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in each and every of the Books contain-said Courts there shall be kept Two Books, which shall be Tran- ing Entries of scripts of each other, or as nearly so as the Provisions hereinafter final Judgment* contained shall permit, and that all the final Judgments of such Jected andtobe Courts shall be entered in each of the said Books in the same delivered at Order and Form; and that the proper Officer of each Court shall Stamp Office Four Times in every Year, that is to say, within Ten Days after Four Times in the First Day of each and every Term, deliver or cause to be de- ^hpY^a*r livered, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon

and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, to such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps, one of the said Books, with the Judgments so entered therein in the Term and Vacation next preceding, together with a Certificate therein written and signed by him immediately after the last Entry therein, stating the Number of Judgments liable to any Stamp Duty under this Act entered therein within the said Term and Vacation, and the Amount of the Stamp Duties so payable thereon under this Act; and such Officer shall thereupon pay to the Person to whom he shall so deliver such Book, the full Amount of such Stamp Duties; and If proper if the Sum so paid shall be found to be the Sum properly payable Duties paid, in respect of such Judgments in that Behalf, such Officer shall certify at the Foot of the Judgments then entered in such Book, 1 *C"

that the proper Stamp Duty under this Act has been paid thereon; g y' and thereupon such Book shall be stamped with one or more Stamp or Stamps of the Kind required by this Act, denoting the Payment of such Duty, and shall be returned without any unnecessary Delay to the proper Officer of such Court; and that the Title of Books, said Books shall be and be called "The Books of Final Judgments," in such Courts respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in each and every of Books contain-

the said Courts there shall be kept Two Books, which shall be Entries of

Transcripts of each other, or as nearly so as the Provisions herein the Satisfaction contained shall permit, in each of which shall be entered the Par- be kept asdf10 ticulars of all Judgments on the Record of which Satisfaction shall rected.

be entered, that is to say, the Names of the Cognizor and Cogni-zee in each Judgment, the Sum for which each Judgment may have been obtained, and the Term in or as of which each Judgment may have been entered up; and that the proper Officer of One to be de-each Court shall Four Times in every Year, that is to say, within livered Four Ten Days after the First Day of every Term, deliver or cause to ries a ^ear be delivered, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the office!*11* Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, at the Stamp Office in Dublin, to such Person as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Stamps, One of the said Books, with such Entry of all the Judgments satisfied therein within the Term and Vacation next preceding, together with a Certificate therein written and signed by him, immediately after the last Entry therein, stating the Number of Judgments which may have been so satisfied, entered therein, within the said Term and Vacation, and the Amount of the Stamp Duties so payable thereon,

Ee 4 under

424

C. 112.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Tf proper Duties paid, Books to be stamped accordingly.

Title of Books.

Interlocutory Judgment Books to be kept for the Entry of same in each Court as directed, and Certificate of Duties paid.

Transcripts of Judgment Books to be of equal Force.

Duty of Officers in keeping such Books.

Regulations as

to the Terms in 'which Books to be delivered.

under this Act; and such Officer shall thereupon pay to the Person to whom he shall so deliver such Book the full Amount of such Duties; and if the Sum so paid shall be found to be the Sum properly payable under this Act, in respect of the Entry of the Satisfaction of such Judgments, such Officer shall certify, at the Foot of such Entry or Entries then entered in such Book, that the proper Stamp Duty under this Act has been paid thereon; and thereupon such Book shall be stamped with one or more Stamp or Stamps of the Kind required by this Act, denoting the Payment of such Duty, and shall be returned without any unnecessary Delay to the proper Officer of such Court; and that the said Books shall be and be called "The Satisfaction Judgment Entry Books," in such Courts respectively.

XIX. And be it further eaactea, That there shall also be kept in every such Court Two Books, wherein the interlocutory Judgments of such Court shall in like manner be entered; and which shall be called "The Books of Interlocutory Judgments," in such Court, and shall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Months next after the passing of this Act, be the only Books of interlocutory Judgments therein, and which shall, as far as possible, be exact Transcripts of each other, one of which shall be delivered at the time and in manner aforesaid respectively, and shall, when necessary, be forwarded as aforesaid; and every such Book, when so delivered, shall have such Certificate as aforesaid written muta-tis mutandis^ and signed therein as aforesaid, and the Amount of the Stamp Duty thereon under this Act shall be delivered therewith as aforesaid, and the same shall be examined, certified and returned as aforesaid, and the same shall be made and prepared, dealt with and disposed of, in every Respect in the same manner as concerning the Books of Final Judgments is hereinbefore provided; save only that interlocutory Judgments only, and not Final Judgments, are to be entered therein.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in each and every of the cases aforesaid the Books which shall be so Transcripts of each other shall be of equal Force and Validity, and both of them shall be, and be deemea, taken and considered to be, Originals, and neither of them, as to any Part thereof, be deemed, taken or considered as a Copy.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Books shall be kept so as to agree as nearly as possible with each other; and that whenever any such Book shall be returned from the Stamp Office to the proper Officer, such Officer shall forthwith cause to be fairly and regularly written therein exact Transcripts of all Judgments in the said Court while such Book was out of his Possession, so as to correspond in that respect with the other of the said Books, which remained in his Possession.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no such Officer shall deliver the same Book in Two successive Terms, but that One of the said Books shall be delivered as aforesaid in Hilary and Trinity Terms, and the other of said Books in Easter and Michaelmas Terms, in every Year, so as that such of the said Books as shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of the proper Officer shall appear to have been inspected and stamped at the Stamp Office in its turn.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 112.

425

XXIII. And be it enacted, That if any such Officer shall neglect or omit so to deliver, or cause to be delivered, any such Book as aforesaid, at the times and in the manner hereinbefore required, or shall omit to make or cause to be made an Entry of any Judgment in any such Book as aforesaid, he shall for every such Neglect or Omission forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and if such Officer shall wilfully deface or destroy any such Book, or make any false Entry therein, or shall, without the Order of the Court or other competent Authority, erase or alter any Entry therein, or shall knowingly permit or suffer any of the said Matters to be done, he shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Officer of the said Courts, having the legal Custody of the several Books belonging to such Courts respectively, or any of them, wherein any Entry whatsoever shall be made relating to the Rules or other Proceedings or Judgments of such Courts, shall within the Ten Days after the First Day of each and every Term produce and bring every Duplicate Book of the Entry of Judgments, or of the Entry of Satisfaction of Judgments, required to be kept as herein mentioned, and every Original Book of any other Entry or Entries, subject to the Payment of any Stamp Duties, to some Person to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners of Stamps at the Stamp Office in Dublin; and every such Officer so bringing any such Book shall insert therein, immediately after the last Entry therein, at the time of producing the same, a Certificate duly signed by him, stating the Number of such Entries made thereon or therein, in the Term and Vacation immediately preceding, as are subject to any Stamp Duty or Duties under this Act; and every such Officer shall thereupon pay the full Amount of all such Stamp Duties, for or in respect of all such Entries therein respectively, and every such Book shall thereupon be stamped respectively, with the proper and appropriate Stamp or Stamps denoting the full Amount of the whole of the Stamp Duties under this Act so then paid in respect of the several Entries so made therein respectively in such preceding Term and Vacation, which Stamp or Stamps shall be as few in Number as can conveniently be, to denote the full Payment of the Amount of the said Duties in Pounds, Shillings and Pence, and shall be placed in the same Page or Place on which the Certificate of such Officer shall be written as aforesaid; and if any Officer of the said Courts shall neglect or omit to bring any such Book, or to furnish such Certificate therein, or to pay such Duties as aforesaid, or in case of any false Entry made therein, or in the Copy thereof, or in case of any Omission to make any true Entry or Copy in any such Duplicate Book of Judgments, then and in every such case every such Officer shall, in every such case, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and in such case, whenever such Book shall be produced at the said Stamp Office, if such Certificate shall not appear therein, the proper Officer of the said Stamp Office shall himself make the said Certificate, and on Payment of the Duties thereby appearing to be due under this Act, the said Book shall be duly stamped as aforesaid.

Officers neglecting to deliver such Book, or to enter Judgment, Penalty 50L

False Entry,

&c. 5001.

Books of Entries to be produced for Inspection by proper Officer st Stamp Office, within Ten Days after the First Day of each Term.

Certificate.

Duties to be paid and Books stamped.

Officer neglecting to produce such Books, &c. or to pay Duties, &c.

Penalty 201.

Proviso where no Certificate.

C. 112.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.-

A.D. 1821.

Clerks, &c. so acting that Officers of Courts shall be subject to Penalty, deemed guilty of Contempt.

Distinct Monthly Accounts kept by Commissioners of Stamps of Duties, and Produce paid into Exchequer, and carried to Consolidated Fund.

Separate Accounts of Duties, and of Payments to Judges, &c. in lieu of Fees kept at Exchequer, and, with Accounts from Stamp Office, transmitted to Chief Secretary's Office, and laid before Parliament annually.

XXV. And be it farther enacted, That if at any time any Clerk or other Person, acting or employed in any Part of the Business of any of the said Courts, shall be guilty of any Neglect or Misconduct, by reason or means whereof any Officer of such Court respectively may be or become liable to any of the Penalties aforesaid, whether such Penalties shall be in fact levied or sued for, or completely incurred or not, then and in every such case every such Clerk or other Person shall be deemed guilty of a Contempt of such Court, and shall and may be attached and punished for the same at the Discretion of such Court, as usual in cases of Contempts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct Account shall be kept by the Commissioners of Stamps, and by and under their Directions, of all Sums which shall from time to time be received by, from or under the said Duties so made payable by this Act; and Copies of such Accounts shall from time to time, that is to say, on the First Monday in every Calendar Month, and as much oftener as the Nature of the case shall admit of, be furnished to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties; and such Receiver General, as speedily as possible after receiving every such Account, shall, out of any Money' in his Hands, or out of the first Money that shall come to his Hands, pay into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin what shall remain of all and every Sum and Sums appearing thereby to have been so received on account of the said Duties; and all and every Sum and Sums so paid into the Receipt of the said Exchequer shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, until Provision shall be otherwise made by Parliament.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That a separate and distinct Account shall be kept at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer in Dublin, of all and every Sum and Sums so paid into the Receipt of the said Exchequer on account of the said Duties granted by this Act, and also of all increased Salaries and Allowances and Compensations which shall be paid out of the Consolidated Fund to the Judges of the Superior Courts of Common Law in Ireland, and to any Officers of or in the said Courts, in lieu of any Fees, or in lieu of the Profits of any Offices which shall cease, determine or be abolished, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts to be passed in this present Session of Parliament; and that such Account, as also the Account by this Act required to be kept by the Commissioners of Stamps, of all Sums received on account of the Duties made payable by this Act, shall be transmitted by the proper Officer in the said Exchequer, and by the Secretary to the said Commissioners of Stamps, to the Office of the Chief Secretary of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, within Fourteen Days next after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and in like manner within Fourteen Days next after the Fifth Day of January in every succeeding Year, and shall be laid before both Houses of Parliament within One Month after such Fifth Day of January, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or otherwise within Fourteen Days after the then next Meeting of Parliament.

/-XXVIII. And

VjUOy LL

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 112.

427

XXVIII. And Whereas certain Allowances to a considerable Amount are to be payable to the Persons who heretofore held the Offices of Prothonotaries in the Civil Side of the Court of

King's Bench, and in the Court of Common Pleas, in Ireland,

and are to terminate on the Deaths of the Survivors of the said Persons respectively; that is to say, One of the said Allowances to Lords Henry and Robert Seymour Conway, late Prothonotaries of the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench; and the other of the said Allowances to Lord Viscount Northland,

and the Honourable Vesey Knox> late Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas, in Ireland; and it is therefore reasonable that so much of the said Duties as may be sufficient to countervail the said Allowances should cease at the Deaths of the Survivors of the said Persons respectively; Be it therefore

enacted, That as soon as the Death of the Survivor of them the Death of Pro. said Lords Henry and Robert Seymour Conway, late Protho- thonouriesto notaries of the said Civil Side of the said Court of King's Bench, shall come to the Knowledge of the Commissioners of Stamps UJ^n "hich* for the time being, in Ireland, they shall forthwith notify and certain Duties publish the same in the Dublin Gazette; and that from and after herein men-the Expiration of One Calendar Month from the Publication of tioned to cease, such Gazette, the Duties hereinafter immediately mentioned shall cease and determine, and shall be no longer payable; that is to say, the Duties of. Five Shillings, Ten Shillings and One Pound, imposed by the Schedule to this Act annexed, on the Certificate of each and every Bill of Costs taxed by any Taxing Officer appointed to tax Bills of Costs in the Court of King's Bench,

Common Pleas or Exchequer; and also the Duty of Eight Shillings, imposed by the Schedule to this Act annexed, on any Writ or Process which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, in any Action or other Proceeding, after any Judgment shall be obtained in such Action or other Proceeding; and that as soon as the Death of the Survivor of them the said Lord Viscount Northland and the Honourable Vesey Knox, late Prothonotaries of the said Court of Common Pleas, snail come to the Knowledge of the said Commissioners of Stamps for the time being, they shall in like manner forthwith notify and publish the same in the Dublin Gazette; and that from and after the Expiration of.

a like Period of One Calendar Month from the Publication of such Gazette, the Duties hereinafter immediately mentioned shall cease, determine and be no longer payable; that is to say, the Duty of Two Shillings imposed by the Schedule to this Act annexed, on every Affidavit, Affirmation or Deposition taken before, any Person or Persons authorized to take the 6&me, in order to be used or filed in any of the said Courts; and also the Duty of Four Shillings, in the said Schedule mentioned, on any Writ, Mandate, Subpoena or other Writ or Process whatsoever,

1 other than Writs of Habeas Corpus, which shall Issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Duty of $d. on Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, the Stamp Duty of One Halfpenny upon every Hand Bill, or Bill for under 55G, 3<

posting)^

C. 112.

P & 2' GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

c. 56. Schedule, posting, containing a single Advertisement, imposed by an Act P^rt IV. to made in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign x>f His late Majesty cease. King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the several

Stamp Duties in Ireland, and also several Acts for the Collection and Management of the said Duties, and to grant new Stamp Duties in lieu thereof and to make more effectual Regulations for collecting and managing the said Duties, and the Schedule, Part the Fourth, to the said Act annexed, shall cease and be. discontinued, so that hereafter there shall not be any Stamp Duty payable on any such Hand Bill, or Bill for posting.

Duty of 10b. on

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Postea, under Expiration of Ten Days next after the passing of this Act, the c* *56' Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings imposed upon every Postea by the Part II.e&hall sa^ rec*ted Act of the Fifty sixth Year of His late Majesty's cease. R3ign, and the Schedule, Part the Second, to the said Act annexed, shall cease and be discontinued, so that thereafter there shall not be any Stamp Duty whatsoever payable upon any Postea.

Continuance of

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue Act. in force for the Term of Five Years from the passing thereof, and no longer.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE of the DUTIES of STAMPS wdiich are to be paid and payable in Ireland, for and in respect of the First Skin, Sheet or Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, upon which the several Instruments, Matters and Things herein mentioned shall be respectively written or printed, except where the Duties are imposed according to the Number of Words therein contained or are expressly charged in any other manner; and which Duties shall be payable over and above any other Duties payable by Law on the like Proceedings.

Affidavit, Affirmation or Deposition,  taken before any Person or Persons authorized by Law to take the same, in order to be used or filed in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench, or in the Court of Common Pleas, or in the Pleas Sida of the Court of Exchequer, in Ireland -

This Duty on Affidavits is to expire after the

Decease of the Survivor of the late Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas.  See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Appearance,  on the Entry of any, in any of the said Courts, for each and every Defendant named in such Entry Bill of Costs,  on each and every, taxed by any Taxing Officer appointed to tax Bills of Costs for Business in the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer or any of them, on the Certificate thereof 

Where the Sum to be allowed on any Bill of Costs, taxed by the proper Officer on any Proceeding whatsoever, shall exceed ^5, and shall not exceed &20 Where the Sum to be allowed shall exceed &20, and shall not exceed &50 -

s. d.

0 2 0 0 2 0

0 5 0

0 10 o

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

SCHEDULE  continued.

Where the Sum allowed shall exceed , 50

These Duties on Bills of Costs, in the Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, are to expire after the Decease of the Survivor of the late Prothonotaries on the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench.  See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Copy,  attested or otherwise, issuing from any Office of any of the said Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer, of any Affidavit therein filed, or of any Record, Judgment, Fine, Recovery, Declaration, Demurrer, Plea, Replication, Rejoinder or other Pleading or Proceeding whatsoever; for each and every Sheet, each Sheet to contain Seventy two Words, and no more -

Copy, issuing from any such Office, of any Rule or Order made or given on any Petition or Motion, or otherwise Declaration,  in any of the said Courts -Deed,  to be enrolled in any of the said Courts, except the Assignments of Judgments, and except Indentures of Apprenticeship to Attornies -

Demurrer,  in any of the said Courts, the same Duty as on a Declaration.

Fine,  on that Part of the Praecipe and Concord of a Fine acknowledged at Bar and lodged with the Chirographer Fine,  Search for Fines, not exceeding Five Years, and for each County -

Fines,  Search for, exceeding Five and not exceeding Ten Years -

If above Ten Years, then for every Ten Years or Fraction of Ten Years, after the First Ten Years Judgment Interlocutory,  in any of the said Courts, on the Entry of each -Judgment not Interlocutory,  in any of the said Courts, except Judgments on Cognovit Actionem, on the Entry of each -

Judgment,  on Cognovit Actionem in any of the said Courts, on the Entry of each ' -

Judgments,  in any of the said Courts, on the Entry of the Satisfaction of each such Judgment -

Judgments,  in any of the said Courts, Search for, commonly called a Negative Search for Judgments appearing on Record against any Person, issued from any Office of any of the said Courts, whether such Search shall contain any Extract or Extracts of any Judgment or not, on the Officer's Certificate subscribed thereto; for each Person, as against whom such Search shall be made, and for every Twenty Years or Fraction of Twenty Years, comprised in such Search Judgments,  in any of the said Courts, Search for, commonly called a Common Search for Judgments, issuing from any Office of any of the said Courts *, whether such Search shall contain any Extract of any Judgment or Judgments or not, or

jL s. d

1 0 0

0 0 4

0 2 0 0 4 0

3 0 0

3 0 0

0 3 0 0 6 0 0 6 0

1 0 0

1 0 0 0 110 0 10 0

0 7 6

4S0

C. 112.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

SCHEDULE  continued.

whether such Search shall be signed by or on Behalf of any Officer or Clerk of any such Office; for each Person against whom such Search shall be made, and for every Twenty Years pr Fraction of Twenty Years, C9mprized in such Search - .....

Memorial,  of the Assignment of a Judgment in any of tire said Courts, for each Judgment assigned Order or Rule,  on any made or given, in any of the said Courts, whether such Rule or Order shall be made in open Court on Motion, or by any Judge of such Courts respectively in his Chamber, by way of Fiat, for an Order or otherwise, in any manner, or whether the same be issued or not  For the Entry of every such Rule or Order in the Book kept by the Clerk of the Rules or other Officer, whether written on One or more Sheets or Leaves And further, for every Rule or Order for the entering Judgment on any Postea in any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Law in Ireland -Plea,  in any of the said Courts, the same Duty as on a Declaration.

Pleading,  of any Kind, in any of the said Courts, not otherwise charged in any Schedule, the same Duty as on a Declaration. Record,  of or in any of the said Courts, or any Nisi Prius Record, or on the Transcript of any such Record, on the First S|Jdn or Sheet of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which the same may be written, to contain no more than 720 Words -

And for every further complete Quantity of 720 Words -Recovery,  on each Remembrance Roll thereof, marked " Suffered at Bar," containing any Quantity of Words Recovery,  on Searches for; the same Duty as on Searches for Judgments.

Report,  in any of the said Courts, on each and every -Rules,  see Order.

Summons,  on each and every, signed or issued by any of the Officers for taxing Law Costs, or by any Officer of any of the said Courts -

Writ of Habeas Corpus,  issued by or from any of the said Courts, or any Judge thereof respectively Writ, Mandate, Subpoena or other Writ or Process whatsoever,  not otherwise charged in this Schedule, which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the said Courts, in any Action or other Proceeding, before any Judgment shall be obtained in such Action or other Proceeding

This Duty of 4*. is to expire after the Decease of the Survivor of the late Prothonotaries of the Court of Common Pleas.  See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

Writ of Capias ad Respondendum, or any Writ marked to hold the Defendant to Bail -

s. d.

0 2 6 0 7 6

0 4 0

1 0 0

3 0 0 0 15 0

4 10 0 0 10 0

0 2 6 0 4 0

0 4 0 0 2 0

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 112, 1 IS.

431

SCHEDULE  continued.

Writ,  any Writ or Process whatsoever, not otherwise charged  s. d. in this Schedule, which shall issue out of or pass the Seal of any of the said Courts, in any Action or other Proceeding, after any Judgment shall be obtained in such Action or other Proceeding, except Writs of Habeas Corpus - - 0 8 0

This Duty of 85. is to expire after the Decease of the Survivor of the late Prothonotaries in the Civil Side of the Court of King's Bench.  See the Act to which this Schedule is annexed.

GENERAL EXEMPTIONS from the foregoing Stamp Duties.

All Proceedings for or on the Behalf of any Person legally admitted to sue or defend in formfi pauperis.

ALLOWANCES on the PURCHASE of STAMPS.

To any person who shall bring Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Stamp Office in Dublin, to be stamped with the above Duties or any of them (all Duties payable in respect of the Entry of any Matter excepted) , or who shall buy any stamped Vellum,

Parchment or Paper at the said Stamp Office impressed with such Duties, or any of them, the Duties whereof respectively shall amount to Twenty Pounds or upwards, an Allowance after the Rate of One Pound and Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, upon prompt Payment of the said Duty upon such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, so brought or stamped.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act to continue several Acts for the Relief of Persons compounding for Assessed Taxes from an annual Assessment, for a further Term; and to amend the Acts relating to Assessments and Compositions of Assessed Taxes.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS, under and by virtue of Two several Acts, the 59 G. 3. c. 51. one thereof passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign l G.4. c. 73.

of His late Majesty, and the other thereof in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Relief of Persons compounding for Assessed Taxes from an annual Assessment thereon for the Term of Three Years, commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nineteen,

which Term will expire on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, divers Persons have compounded for their Assessed Taxes in Great Britain, under the rowers of the said Acts; and it is expedient to relieve them,

1 and others who have not so compounded, from an annual Assessment, for a further Time herein limited:* Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Assessments made or to be made Assessments for

under the Year ending

C. 113.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

5th April 1822 to remain to the same Amount if compounded for, in respect of the Matters herein mentioned.

Compositions under former Acts may be renewed, subject as herein mentioned.

What new Contracts of Composition are to contain.

Enumeration of Articles to be compounded for under this Act. 48C.S. c. 55.

52 G. 3. c. 93.

under and by virtue of the Acts in force, at and immediately before the passing of this Act, in relation -to the Duties on Windows or Lights and on inhabited Houses; and the Assessments made or to be made in like manner, in relation to such other of the Duties of Assessed Taxes as may be comprized in any Composition to be entered into under this Act, for the Year to end on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, shall severally be and remain to the same annual Amount in respect of all and every the Persons or Person who shall compound for the annual Payment of the said Assessments under this Act, for the Term of Six Years, in respect of the said Duties on Houses and Windows and Lights, and for the Term of Five Years in respect of the other Assessed Taxes, to be respectively computed from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Compositions entered into under the said recited Acts, on the Duties on Windows or Lights, and on inhabited Houses, may be renewed under the Provisions of this Act for the Term of Six Years, to be computed from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two; and the several Compositions entered into under the said recited Acts on the other Duties of Assessed Taxes may, in respect of such of the said other Duties as are herein enumerated, be renewed under this Act for the Term of Five Years, to be computed from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in the Manner and subject to the Terms, Conditions and Exceptions herein prescribed.

III. And be it further enacted, That every new Contract of Composition entered into under this Act, in respect of a Dwelling House, shall contain in the Body thereof a Schedule of the Number of Windows or Lights in the Dwelling House, and the annual Rent or Value thereof; and every such new Contract entered into as aforesaid, in respect of the other Duties. of Assessed Taxes, shall contain in the Body thereof the Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses and other Articles of each such Establishment <as aforesaid; and the said several Contracts shall be made according to the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act, mutatis mutandis.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Composition shall be entered into or renewed under this Act, for any Duty or Duties of Assessed Taxes, other than the Duties on Dwelling Houses mentioned in the Schedules of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, marked (A. and B.); and the other Duties of Assessed Taxes on the following Articles, forming the Establishments of the Persons or Person so compounding, and retained, employed, kept and used for their, his or her own Use, and not for or to the Use, Benefit or Profit of any other Person or Persons, or to be lent or let to hire; viz. the Duties on Servants mentioned in the Schedule of the said Act, and in the Schedule of another Act, passed in the Fifty second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, marked (C.) No. i. and No. 2 .; on Carriages mentioned in the Schedules of the said Acts respectively, marked (D.) No. 1., No. 2. d

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 113.

433

Persons as* sessed to Duties on Houses for

Year, paying an additional Duty of 51 per Cent.

No. 4 .; on Horses, Mares and Geldings, mentioned in the Schedules of the said Acts respectively, marked (E.) No. 1. and No. 3., and (F.) No. 1., whether such Horses, Mares or Geldings are subject to the Rates mentioned in the said Acts, or to any reduced Duty by any subsequent Act or Acts; on Dogs mentioned in the Schedule of the said Acts, marked (G.); on Persons in respect of using or wearing Hair Powder, mentioned in the Schedule of the said Act, passed in the Forty eighth Year of His late Majesty 48 G. 3. c. 55 King George the Third, marked (I.); and on Persons in respect of using or wearing Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, mentioned in the Schedule of the said last mentioned Act, marked (K.); and every such Composition which shall comprize any other Duty or Duties than the Duties enumerated, shall be void and of no Effect in respect of such other Duties, and for which the Party shall be subject to Assessment as if no such Composition had been entered into, according to the Laws in force relating to such Assessments.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Persons or Person not having compounded under the said recited Acts, who shall be duly assessed for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of

April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two to the Rates 5tirA^q, ni822e and Duties chargeable under the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, may compound are and is hereby declared to be competent to compound for the on Amount as-Rates and Duties assessed on their, his or her Dwelling House for *in ^at the Term of Six Years, and for their, his or her other Assessed v"

Taxes herein enumerated, for the Term of Five Years respectively, to commence from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, on the same Amounts annually, as shall be assessed on them, him or her for the Year ending on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, together with an additional annual Duty of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the respective Amounts so assessed, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Sum than Twenty Shillings, so as not to include in the said additional Duty any Fraction of One Penny.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Composition shall be entered into or renewed under this Act with any Person in Trade, in respect of any Articles kept for the Purpose of Trade; nor shall any Composition be entered into upon any Assessment charged upon Two or more Persons in Partnership in Trade; nor shall any Composition under the said recited Acts, with Two or more Partners in Trade, be renewed under this Act; nor upon any Carriages, Horses, Mares, Geldings or other Articles let or used for Hire.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person who shall have compounded for the Duties on their, his or her Dwelling House, and Windows and Lights, under the said recited Acts, continuing to reside therein, are and is hereby declared to be competent to renew their, his or her Composition under this Act, for the same Dwelling House, on the same Amount, and under the same Terms and Conditions as are expressed in the Contract of their, his or her former Composition.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Person, except as hereinafter is excepted, who have or hath compounded under the said recited Acts for any of the other

1 & 2 Geo. IV. F f Duties

Exception as to, Taxes in respect of Articles kept for Trade, &c.

Compositions for Duties on Dwelling Houses to be renewed on the same Terms.

(Compounders on the other Assessed Taxes may renew the

* OgL

C. lis.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

same on the Amount charged thereby, together with a further Duty of 51. per Cent.

Persons desirous of continuing their former Compositions, to deliver their Contract or Copy with Notice before the 5th April 1822;

and insert Schedule of Articles not to be compounded for (if any) in Notice.

Persons having compounded and reduced their Establishments may compound de novo, on the Assessment of 1822, on Notice within Three Months, and a Return annexed to Notice.

Duties of Assessed Taxes herein enumerated, are and is hereby declared to be competent to renew their, his or her former Composition, as to so much and such Part thereof as relates to the Duties on the Articles herein enumerated, on the Amount of Duty charged on the same Articles, and comprized in the said former Compositions respectively, together with the additional Rate of Duty of Five per Centum also charged therein in respect of the said Articles, which several Sums shall form the Aggregate Amount on which any such Composition under this Act may be renewed; and the Terms and Conditions of such Renewal shall be a further Duty of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the said Aggregate Amount, and so after that Rate for any greater or lesser Sum than Twenty Shillings, so as not to include any Fraction of One Penny in the said further Duty; and the Duties on Articles not herein enumerated nor compounded for as aforesaid, shall continue to be assessed as if this Act had not been made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who are hereby declared to be competent to renew his, her or their former Composition under this Act, and shall be desirous so to do, shall, on or before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in England, and on or before the Term of Whitsunday in the same Year in Scotland, deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners of the District in which such Person or Persons shall reside, or to the Clerk of such Commissioners, the Contract of his, her or their former Composition, or a true Copy or Certificate thereof, under the Hands of any Two of the Commissioners acting for the Division in which such Contract was entered into, annexing thereto a Notice according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, declaring his, her or their Intention to renew the same; and in case the said Composition shall include any Articles not to be compounded for under this Act hereinbefore enumerated, then and in every such case the Person or Persons so desirous of renewing his, her or their Composition, shall insert in such Notice a Schedule of the Number of Articles contained in such Composition as are not to be compounded for; all which Articles, and the Amount of Duty thereon, shall be excluded from such renewed Composition, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to renew the same on the enumerated Articles only, on the Terms and according to the Provisions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having compounded under the said Acts, shall have reduced his or their Establishment since entering into such Composition, whereby such Person or Persons may be chargeable with a lesser Amount of Assessed Taxes for the Year commencing the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, than the Duty compounded for, and shall by reason thereof be desirous of waving the said Composition, and of entering into a Composition de novo, it shall be lawful for him, her or them so to do, upon giving Notice in Writing of such his, her or their Intention, to the Surveyor of the said Duties acting' for the District in which such Person or Persons shall reside, within Three Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, annexing to such Notice a full, true

and

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 113.

435

and complete Return or List of the greatest Number of Articles

chargeable with Duty, as kept and retained or employed by such

Person or Persons respectively, after the Fifth Day of April One

thousand eight hundred and twenty one, so that an Assessment

may be duly made for the Year to commence from the Fifth Day

of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, on all the

Articles chargeable for that Year; and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners

Commissioners (subject to the Examinations in the manner herein* empowered

after provided for Compositions with Persons under this Act, who thereon-

shall not have compounded under the said recited Acts,) to enter

into Composition under the Provisions of this Act, with the Person

or Persons giving the Notices aforesaid, upon the Amount of sUth

Assessment as aforesaid, with the additional Duty granted thereon

by this Act, to all Intents as if such Persons had not compounded

under the said former Acts.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Persons who, herein contained shall be construed to empower any Person to re- since com -new his or her Composition in Manner and under the Conditions hmv *

hereinbefore mentioned, who, since the Commencement of the E*tate and said Composition, hath come into Possession of any Estate, Real larger or Personal, upon the Death of any Person, by Descent, Gift or Establishments, Settlement, or by virtue or in pursuance of any Devise or Legacy, excepted from or under the Statute for the Distribution of Estates of Intestates, Re *

or by Marriage, and hath thereupon retained any Servants, Car- ^tdenovo riages. Horses or other Articles which may be comprized in any on nelt Year's Composition to be entered into or renewed under this Act, or hath Assessment, kept any Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles aforesaid, of the same Description and chargeable to the like Duties by the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, to an Extent exceeding the Total Amount of such Composition in the Sum of Twenty five per Centum, in lieu and in the Place of the like Articles kept by the Person so dying, or any Part thereof: Provided that nothing The like as to herein contained shall be construed to authorize the said respec- Persons who thre Commissioners to' contract for the Renewal of any Compo- have com-sition, under the Terms and Condition ^, last before mentioned, j^unt^f with any Person who shall have compounded under the said re- tln cited Acts on a less Amount of Duty than oug^it to have been ought to have included in such Composition; but nevertheless it shall be lawful been included, for the said respective Commissioners in every such case, after any such Person shall have made a bona fide Return of the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses and other Articles of his or her Assessed Taxes, according to the Laws in force relating to the said Taxes, for the Year to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in order to an Assessment thereon for that Year, and who shall be duly assessed for that Year to his or her Assessed Taxes, to contract and enter into Composition, de novo with such Person on the Amount assessed for that Year on him or her, in respect of the Articles herein enumerated, together with the additional Duty hereby granted on the Amounts of other Assessments compounded for under this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Persons s&-Person assessed to the Duties on their, his or her Dwelling House, sewed to Duties for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight ?n Ho?ae nd F f 2 P hundred , ncreawn8

436

C. 113.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Windows in the same; alto. Persons removing into a Dwelling House in that Year, and not assessed there, may compound on Assessment for succeeding Year.

Persons begin, ning to -keep, or increasing an Establishment in 1821, *nay compound on Assessment of the succeeding Yea-.

Proviso for Exclusion of Articles discontinued and ceased to be kept.

59G.S. c. 57.

Renewed Composition not to extend to Articles of a different Description than authorised by

hundred and twenty two, and who shall have opened or made, or shall open or make, any additional Windows or Lights in the same, after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and having made such Addition as aforesaid, who shall deliver a Statement as hereinafter required, of the Number of Windows or Lights opened or made in their, his or her Dwelling House after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; also, all and every Persons or Person who shall have removed or shall remove from their, his or her Dwelling House, at any time within the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and shall not be assessed for that Year for the Dwelling House into which they, he or she shall have removed during that Year, but who shall deliver a Statement as aforesaid, of the Number of Windows or Lights in such Dwelling House, and the Rent or Annual Value thereof at which the same is chargeable to the said Duties, are and is hereby declared to be respectively competent to compound for the said Rates and Duties on the Amount chargeable on such Dwelling House in or by such Assessment as shall be made thereon, for the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person who shall have began to keep, use or employ any Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles before enumerated, or any additional Number thereof, in the Year ending on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and who shall deliver a Statement as hereinafter is required, of the Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles aforesaid, so that an Assessment may be duly made thereon for the Year to commence from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, are and is hereby declared to be respectively competent to compound under this Act, on the Amount charged in and by such Assessment to be made for the said Year to commence on the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, on the same Terms and Conditions as if the said Persons or Person had been so assessed for the preceding Year.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend any Composition under the same to any Part of any increased Establishment set up by any Person or Persons who hath or have compounded under the said recited Acts, which shall, in pursuance of the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of His said late Majesty, or any other Act, be discontinued and ceased to be kept in the Manner provided by the said Act, and which would not have been assessable on the said Persons or Person on the Year to commence after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, by virtue of the said Act.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend any renewed Composition under the same, to any Articles of a different Description than is authorized by the Composition entered into under the said recited Acts, which shall have been set up or kept since the making of the said Composition, but every such Person shall be

assessed

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 113.

437

assessed for the said Articles, as if the said former Composition former Com. had not been renewed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for any P?wtion*.. such Person who shall have been assessed for the said additional <*.^00*1 Articles for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand Articles, eight hundred and twenty two, or shall be assessed for the same for the subsequent Year, and who shall renew his or her former Composition, also to compound for the said Additional articles, on the Amount of such Assessment, and the additional Rate granted by this Act, by entering into a separate Contract for the said Articles so assessed.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons Compounder *

or Person who shall have compounded under the said recited Acts having removed for the Articles of their, his or her Establishment, and shall have D^n

removed from the Division where the former Composition was delivering*  entered into, and who shall be desirous to renew their or his or former Com-her Composition, under this Act, in respect of the same Establish- position, comment, shall deliver to the Commissioners of the Division where pound therein, they, he or she shall reside, the Contract of their, his or her former Composition, or a true Copy or Certificate thereof, under the Hands

of any Two of the Commissioners entering into the said Contract, annexing thereto a Notice according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, declaring his, her or their Intention to renew the same; and it shall then be lawful for the said Commissioners to renew the same, according to the Provisions of this Act, in like manner as if the said former Composition had been entered into by the Commissioners of the Division where the same is intended to be renewed.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Compounders Person, entering into any Composition according to the Provisions entitled to the of this Act, and paying the Amount of the Sums compounded for hke Privileges at the Times and in the Proportions and in Manner specified in the wSdo^or of said recited Acts and in this Act, and doing and performing all enclosing0* other Acts, Matters and Things required by the said recited Acts their Establish, and this Act, shall be entitled to the like Privileges of opening, ment, &c. as making or keeping open, free of Duty, after the Fifth Day of "nder format April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, any additional Act* '

Number of Windows or Lights in the Dwelling House comprized

in their, his or her Contract of Composition, or of setting up or retaining and keeping, using or employing, after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, any additional Article or Articles, composing their, his or her Establishment, to and for their, his or her own Use, but not otherwise, as the Persons compounding under the said recited Acts are or were entitled to according to the Provisions of the said Acts, or either of them, and not otherwise provided by this Act; and shall be exempt from all Assessments on such additional Windows or Lights, and such additional Article or Articles of their, his or her Establishment, during the respective Terms mentioned in such Composition: Provided always, that no Persons or Person, who Exception* shall compound under this Act for the Duties on any Carriages with Two Wheels, and not on any Carriage with Four Wheels, shall be entitled to set up, keep or use any Carriage with Four Wheels free of Duty: Provided also, that no Person who shall compound for any Dog or Dogs other than Hounds, shall set up

Ff 3

438

C. 113.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Penalties, &c. how sued for.

Compositions on Houses, &c. although in same Contract, deemed distinct Compositions.

Compositions on the other Assessed Taxes one Contract.

Scotland.

Persons assessed in Two or more Places to deliver Certificates of Amount; the like as to those who have compounded in a different Division than where they are entitled to renew.

Scotland.

or keep free of Duty any Hound or Hounds; nor shall any Person who shall compound for any less Number of Hounds than Ten, set up or keep free of Duty any additional Number of Hounds: Provided also, that the Privileges and Immunities in this Clause mentioned shall not extend to any Dwelling House not comprized in the said Composition, nor to any Article or Articles of such Establishment, specially excluded by this Act from every Composition to be made under the same, in which excepted cases, further or increased Charges shall and may be made, and the Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, incurred under any of the said Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered according to the Provisions of the said several Acts, as fully and effectually as if no such Composition had been made under this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Compositions to be entered into under this Act for the Duties on Windows or Lights, or on inhabited Houses, although entered.in the same Contract, shall be deemed and construed to be separate and distinct Contracts from the Compositions entered into in respect of the Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles aforesaid, which may be compounded for under this Ac*; and every such Composition for the Duties on any Dwelling House, in respect of the Windows or Lights, or as an inhabited House, shall be entered into by and with the Commissioners acting for the Parish or Place where such Dwelling House shall be situate, and not elsewhere; and every such Composition, in respect of the Servants, Carriages, Horses or other chargeable Articles, forming the Establishment of the same Persons or Person in any Part of England, shall be entered into by and with the same Commissioners and in One Contract; and the like Compositions in Scotland shall also be entered into by and with the same Commissioners and in One Contract: Provided that all and every Persons or Person who shall be assessed for any Servants, Carriages, Horses or other chargeable Articles aforesaid, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of' April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, in Two or more Places in Great Britain, or who shall be assessed for that Year, or shall have compounded under the said recited Acts, in a different Place than where they, he or she be entitled to compound under this Act, shall and they are hereby respectively required to deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners to whom such Application to compound shall be made, a Certificate or Certificates under the Hands of the respective Surveyors of the Districts, where they, he or she shall be so assessed or have compounded under the said recited Acts, containing the Particulars of such Assessment or Composition in every such other Division or Place, according to such Forms as shall be devised by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes pursuant to this Act; and every Composition entered into or renewed contrary to the Provisions before mentioned, shall be vacated and made of no effect, by the Judgment of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as to Compositions made in England, and of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, as to Compositions made in Scotland, on due Proof before them by like Certificate of any such Assessment for the said Year, or of any Composition under the said

recited

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 113.

439

Compositions on Houses may be compounded for without including the other Taxes, and vice versa.

Compounders not liable to -Penalties of Assessed Tax Acts, except Penalty for Concealment to evade Assessment for Year ending 5th April 1822, or other Concealment to evade Amount of Composition.

recited Acts, which respectively shall not hae been certified to the Commissioners, Parties to any such Composition, nor comprized therein, unless it shall be proved' to their Satisfaction respectively, that the same has arisen by Error or Mistake; in which cases the said Barons and Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes respectively may consent that a new Composition shall be entered into, to take Effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any Person from compounding for the Duties on their Dwelling House, without compounding for his or her other Assessed Taxes, and vice versa.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons or Person compounding as aforesaid under this Act, shall be freed and discharged from any Penalty or Penalties contained in the said Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, imposed on Persons for Non Performance of any Matter or Thing required by the said Act or Acts to be done by Persons chargeable to the Duties contained therein, during the Term herein limited, save and except that every such Person who in his or her Returns, made under the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, shall conceal any Servant or Servants, Carriage or Carriages, Horse or Horses, or other Article or Articles herein enumerated, whereby he or she shall have escaped Assessment for such Servant, Carriage, Horse, Servants, Carriages or Horses, or other Article or Articles aforesaid, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, or who in his or her Statement, Lists and Declarations, to be delivered under this Act, shall conceal any such Article or Articles aforesaid, so that he or she shall not have caused the same to be comprized in his or her Composition under this Act, shall be liable to the like Penalty as if such Person had not compounded under this Act, and had continued liable to Assessment under the said Acts relating to Assessed Taxes.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall not compound under this Act shall, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, occupy any Dwelling House, or retain or keep for his or her own Use any ite^inarAitide* Article chargeable with any Duty under the Acts relating to As- compounded sessed Taxes, which hath been compounded for by any other for by other Person or Persons, or which hath been set up, retained, used, Persons, or set employed or kept by such other Person or Persons, under their, his or her Composition, or under Colour or Pretence thereof, the same Dwelling House or other Article or Articles aforesaid, continuing to belong to the Person or Persons so compounding, and which hath not been compounded for by the Person so occupying the said Dwelling House, or retaining, using, employing or keeping the said Article or Articles chargeable as aforesaid, nor under his or her Composition; every such Person so occupying any Dwelling House, or retaining, using, employing or keeping for his or her own Use any such Article as aforesaid, shall be liable to an Assessment in respect of the said Dwelling House, during the Time of his or her Occupation thereof, and also in respect of any such Article or Articles aforesaid, in like Manner and to the like Amount as if the same Dwelling House or Article or Articles

F f 4 had

Persons not compounding

up by other Persons under Colour of the Composition, held liable to Duty.

440

C. 113.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

And where Intent to defraud, Penalty.

Procuring a Contract to be entered into to a less Amount than ought to be included, Contract void, and Penalty 501.

Persons erasing to be assessed, &c. during Residence out of G. 13., or residing out of G. B, not to compound.

In cases of Sickness, or other reasonable Cause, Persons may sign Contracts in Pretence of Collector of Parish, and Persons residing in Ireland may execute Contract by Attorney.

Compositions with Persons

had belonged to him or her, and as if no Composition had been made by such other Persons or Person; and on due Proof before the Commissioners that the same hath been done with Intent to defraud the Revenue, every such Person shall be assessed in Treble the Amount of Duty payable as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall by Fraud or Covin cause or procure the Assessment on which any Contract of Composition shall be entered into under this Act, to be made on a lesser Amount of Duty than ought to be charged on him or her, or by any the Ways or Means in this Act mentioned, shall cause or procure any Contract of Composition under this Act to be entered into, or any Contract of Composition entered into under the said recited Acts to be renewed under this Act, on a lesser Amount of Duty than ought to be included in the Contract of Composition under this Act, every Contract so entered into or renewed under this Act shall be void and of no Effect; and every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be sued for, recovered and applied as any Penalty contained in the said Acts relating to Assessed Taxes may be sued for, recovered and applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Composition for Assessed Taxes shall be entered into or renewed under this Act, with any Person who shall have resided out of Great Britain before the passing of this Act, for a temporary Purpose only, and who shall have ceased to be assessed to the said Duties, or shall have been assessed to a lesser Amount during such his or her Residence out of Great Britain, and who shall be assessed to the said Duties on a lesser Amount than he or she was assessed before his or her Departure from Great Britain, for the said Year ending the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, nor with any Person who shall be out of Great Britain at the Time of executing this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person residing within Great Britain may, in cases of Sickness or Infirmity, or other reasonable Cause, with the Consent of the said respective Commissioners, execute such Contract in the Presence of the Collectors of Assessed Taxes, or one of them, acting for the Parish or Place where the Person compounding shall reside, any thing in the said recited Acts or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that every such Collector shall testify the Execution of such Contract, by signing the same in the Presence of the Party so contracting: Provided also, that any Person duly assessed in Great Britain, for the Year ending the Fifth Day of April On# thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and entitled to compound under this Act, but residing in Ireland at the Time of executing the Contract of his or her Composition by the respective Commissioners under this Act, may execute such Contract by his or her lawful Attorney duly constituted, the said Power of Attorney being first delivered to the said respective Commissioners for that Purpose, which Contract so executed shall be of the like Force and Effect as if the Party compounding had personally executed the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Composition entered into under this Act, in respect of Servants, Carriages,

Horses

C. 113.

441

Horses or other Article* before enumerated, with any Person* or Person hereinafter described, shall cease and determine at the respective Times hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) if any Person who shall compound under this Act shall afterwards come into Possession of any Estate Real or Personal, or become entitled to the Rents or Profits of any Estate, Real or Personal, upon the Death of any Person, whether by Descent, Gift or Settlement, or by virtue or in pursuance of any Devise or Legacy, or under the Statute for the Distribution of Estates of Intestates, and shall thereupon retain any Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles aforesaid, forming the Establishment of the Person so dying, or shall keep any other Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles aforesaid of the same Description, and chargeable to the like Duties by the said Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, in lieu and in the "Place of the like Articles kept by the Person so dying, or any Part thereof, or who at any Tjme after he or she shall come into the Possession of or be entitled unto the Rents or Profits of any such Estate by any the Means aforesaid, and during the Term herein limited for the Continuance of such Compositions as last aforesaid, begin to keep any greater Number or Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles aforesaid, than hath been compounded for by him, the Duties on which increased Number, according to the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, amount unto One Fourth Part of the Amount of Duty so compounded for, then and in every such case the Compositions entered into under this Act, by any Persons or Person hereinbefore described, shall respectively cease and determine at the End of the Year of Assessment, according to the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes in which any such Increase of his or her Establishment took place; also if any Person shall intermarry after entering into any Composition or Compositions under this Act, and entered into by both or either of them, and the Husband shall by such Marriage come into the Possession, or to the Use or Enjoyment of the Rents or Profits of any Estate, Real or Personal, belonging to his Wife before Marriage, whether upon such Marriage the Husband shall acquire any Interest in Law or Equity in such Estate or not, or whether the said Estate shall remain in or be vested to the sole Use of the Wife or not, in case the Husband shall upon such Miarriage retain or keep any Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles herein enumerated, kept by or belonging to his Wife before Marriage, or in case the Wife shall after such Marriage retain her former Establishment, or any Part thereof, or in case the Husband or Wife shall upon such Marriage begin to keep any other Servants, Carriages, Horses or other Articles .herein enumerated of the same Description, and chargeable to the like Duties, by the said Acts relating to Assesed Taxes, in lieu and* in the place of the Establishment of the Wife before Marriage, or any Part thereof, or so that the separate Establishment of either Husband or Wife, or their joint Establishment, would have been assessable on the Husband if no Composition had been entered into to an Amount of Duty exceeding One Fourth Part of such Composition, then and in every such case the Composition entered into under this Act by any such Persons, or either of them, so intermarrying and keeping any such Establishment as aforesaid, shall respectively cease and determine at the End of the

Year

afterwards succeeding to Estates and keeping iaiger Establishments, to the Extent of One Fourth Part on the Amount compounded for, to cease;

to in case of coming into Possession by Marriage.

442

Proviso for Composition dc novo for Remainder of Term.

Commissioners and other Officers seting under the former Composition Acts to act in like Manner in the Execution of this Act.

Provisions of former Composition Acts to remain in force;

C. 113. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Year of Assessment in which such increased Establishment began to be kept; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for the respective Commissioners in every such case, after such Person shall have made a bona fide Return of the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses and other Articles of his or her Establishment charged with any Duty of Assessed Taxes according to the Lawi in force relating to the said Taxes, for the Year next after the Determination of such Composition, in order to an Assessment thereon for that Year, and who shall be duly assessed for that Year to his or her Assessed Taxes, to contract and enter into Composition, de novo, with any such Person for the Remainder of the Term then to come and unexpired on the Amount so assessed on him or her for that Year, together with the additional Duty hereby granted on the Amounts of other Assessments to be compounded ior under this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who for the Time being shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers herein referred to or contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Shires and Stewartries, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places in Great Britain; and the several Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, Inspectors and Inspectors General for the Time being, appointed or to be appointed to put in Execution the said Acts, shall respectively be Assessors, Collectors, Surveyors, Inspectors and Inspectors General to put in Execution this Act within the Limits of their respective Divisions, Districts and Places to which they are or shall be appointed; and the respective Commissioners and other Persons authorized by the said recited Acts, to contract and agree for such Compositions, or to do or perform any other Matter or Thing for carrying the said recited Acts into Execution, shall severally and respectively contract and agree for the Compositions to be entered into under this Act, and do and perform all such other Matters and Things as are required to be done and performed in the Execution of this Act, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions; and all the Powers and Authorities given and granted to them by or under the said recited Acts shall, and they are hereby declared to be revived and continued for and during the respective Terms herein limited, in as ample and effectual manner as if the same Powers and Authorities were expressly re-enacted by this Act, and shall severally be applied, construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, as Part thereof, in like Manner as if the same had been herein expressly given, granted and applied by this Act; and the said Commissioners and others before mentioned are hereby empowered and required to do and perform all Things necessary for putting this Act in Execution, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they, or any of them, are or were or was authorized to put in Execution the said several recited Acts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Directions, Rules, Regulations, Methods, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Acts, although expressly applied to the Compositions made under the said Acts, or either of them, shall severally and respectively be construed and deemed to

apply

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 11S.

443

apply to the Compositions to be entered into under this Act, and (except where other Provisions, Directions, Rules, Regulations,

Methods, Clauses, Matters and Things are substituted in and by this Act,) shall severally and respectively be used and practised in ascertaining the Amount on which any Composition is to be made, and the additional Rate to be imposed thereon, and in doing and performing all other Matters and Things necessary for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be construed, deemed and taken to belong to this Act, as Part thereof, in like manner as if the same were severally repeated in and expressly applied to the Provisions of this Act; and where other Provisions, Directions,

Rules, Regulations, Methods, Clauses, Matters or Things are substituted by this Act, in lieu of any Provisions, Directions, Rules,

Regulations, Methods, Clauses, Matters or Things contained in the said Acts, the same respectively shall be construed, used and practised in such Manner, and to the like Effect in all Respects, as if the said recited Acts and this Act had been incorporated, and as if this Act had expressly abrogated and made void the several Parts of the said recited Acts, in lieu whereof any Part or Parts of this Act are or is substituted.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That where the said recited *> respect Acts contain any Period or Limitation of Time for the doing or [ij^l?tion performing of any Act, Matter or Thing therein required, the cutingVowors Powers and Authorities of the said Acts shall be used and prac* of former Acts, tised for the doing and performing; the like Acts, Matters and

Things required by this Act, observing therein the Period or Limitation of Time expressed in this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons Persons intend-or Person who are or is hereby declared to be competent to com- "g to com-

Cound under this Act, and shall be desirous so to do, shall, on or n efore the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and Notice thereof twenty two in England, and on or before the Term of Whitsun- together with day in the same Year in Scotland^ deliver or cause to be delivered. Statement of free of Charge, to the Surveyor of the respective Districts acting Articles of for the Parishes or Places where such Persons shall respectively ^onninthe reside, a Notice in Writing according to the Form in the Schedule schedule an- to this Act annexed, declaring their, his or her Intention to take nexed. the Benefit of this Act, which Notice shall be signed and bear Date on the Day of such Signature by such Person or Persons, (or by some authorized Agent on their, his or her Behalf, residing in such District, and declaring therein the Place of his Residence,) in the Presence of One or more of the Assessors or Collectors of the said Duties for the same Parish or Place where the Persons or Person intending to compound shall reside, or in the Presence of such Surveyor, who respectively shall attest such Signature by signing the same with his proper Name; and every such Notice shall contain the Number and Description of the Articles on which such Persons or Person shall intend to compound, which Notices shall be in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and all such Notices shall and may be retained in the Hands of the said Surveyor respectively, until the Expiration of Two Calendar Months after Delivery thereof; and every such Surveyor shall Surveyor to carefully and diligently inspect and examine each and every Assessment, and each and every Contract of Composition entered into Com-

under

C. 113.

1 & GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

position, &c. and to certify to Commissioners his Satisfaction with Notice, or his Objection thereto.

Compositions entered into contrary to this Act void.

Errors or Mis* takes in Compositions may be amended.

Commissioners to insert the Amounts of Duties compounded for in their

Duplicates of Assessed Taxes.

under the said recited Acts, relating to the Person or Persons so applying respectively, and also the Notice or Notices delivered by the said Persons or Person, under the said recited Acts, to discontinue any increased Establishment set up under such Contract or Contracts, or any Part thereof, and after such Examination thereof, every such Surveyor shall from Time to Time, within the said Period of Two Calendar Months, deliver the same to and therewith certify to the respective Commissioners authorized by this Act to contract for such Compositions for the Parishes or Places where such Applications shall have been made, either his Satisfaction with the Notices delivered in such cases, or his Objection thereto, together with the particular Article or Articles omitted, and the Amount of Duty on which such Composition ought to be made; and no Composition shall be entered into in any of the cases so objected to, until a full and complete Return shall be made of all and every the Articles chargeable with Duty, on which the Composition ought to be made under the Provisions of this Act; and every Composition entered into contrary to the Provisions of this Act shall be void and of no effect, and the Persons or Person entering into the same shall be liable to Assessment, according to the Provisions of the Acts in force relating to Assessed Taxes, as if no Composition had been entered into, and to the Charge of the respective Surveyors, to be made under the Authority and subject to the Provisions of the said last mentioned Acts.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every case where by any Error or Mistake the just Amount of Duty on which the Persons or Person compounding ought to compound, or the additional Rate thereon shall not be duly inserted or calculated in the Contract of Composition, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the said Barons respectively, by Certificate under the Hands of any Two or more of them, directed to the Commissioners of the Division by whom such Composition was made, to cause the same to be amended, or a new Contract made and executed, in such Manner as may seem to them expedient to obviate such Error or Mistake, and conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and the said respective Commissioners to whom such Certificate shall be directed shall cause the same to be amended accordingly.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the several Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, and of the Acts relating to the several Compositions for the same, shall cause the several Amounts of the Duties compounded for, and the additional Duty charged by this Act, in each Parish, Ward or Place within their respective Divisions, to be inserted in their annual Duplicates of Assessments of Assessed Taxes, on Parchment, in such Form as the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall devise, in like Manner as if the same Amounts had been severally charged by Assessment, and shall place the respective Amounts payable in each Parish, Ward or Place, opposite the Names of the Collectors of the same Parish, Ward or Place, that the several Collectors in each Parish, Ward or Place may be answerable for

the

1 & 2 geo. IV.

445

c.ns.

the same Amounts as if the same had been to be raised by Assessment under the said Acts.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, that the Monies to arise and become payable by virtue of the Compositions entered into or renewedmnder this Act, shall be payable and paid to the Collectors of the respective Parishes, Wards or Places mentioned in the respective Contracts of such Compositions, or to One of them, at or before such Times respectively as are herein directed to be expressed in such Contracts; and that all the Powers and Provisions in the Acts relating to Assessed Taxes for the raising, levying, reassessing, paying and accounting for the Duties of Assessed Taxes, shall be used, applied and enforced for the raising, levying, paying and accounting for the Monies to arise under this Act, a* if the same had continued in the Assessment; and that the Persons assessed, or who shall compound in each such Parish, Ward or

Place, shall be severally answerable for the Default of the Collector or Collectors of each such Parish, Ward or Place under the Acts in force relating to the Assessed Taxes, rateably and in pro-

- portion to the Amount of their, his or her Compositions or Composition, and the Remainder of the Assessments for such Parish, Ward or Place.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the like Schedules as are required by the said Acts relating to Assessed Taxes or any of them, in Default of Payment of the Monies arising by Assessment, shall be delivered of Persons making Default in the Payment of Monies to arise by such Compositions, which last mentioned Schedules shall in all cases be delivered to the respective Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, on their next Receipt after each Day of Payment, with an Affidavit subscribed, to be made on the Oath or Affirmation of the said Collector or Collectors, that the several Sums contained in the said Schedule have been demanded from, and are due and wholly unpaid from the respective Persons charged therewith, either to such Collector or Collectors, or to any other Person or Persons for such Collector or Collectors, to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, which Oath the said Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer and subscribe; and it shall be lawful for the respective Receivers General, or their respective Deputies, and they are. hereby required forthwith to certify the same to the Court t>f Exchequer at Westminster, in order that Process may thereupon be issued against such Defaulter without Delay.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in Default of any such Schedule being delivered to any Receiver General, or his Deputy, at such his Receipts as aforesaid, or within the Space of Three Days thereafter, every such Receiver General, or nis Deputy, at the same Time that he shall certify the Default of the Collectors in the Non Delivery of Schedules under any Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, shall, in and by the same Certificate, and every Receiver General is hereby required, by himself or his Deputy, to certify also to the said Court of Exchequer, the Amount of the Monies to arise by the said Compositions and remaining unpaid, to the best of his knowledge and Belief, and the particular Parish, Ward or Place, and the Division, where such Failure hath happened,

Composition Monies to be paid to Collectors of Places mentioned in the Contracts.

Persons assessed or compounding, answerable for Collectors.

Schedules of Defaulters to be delivered to Receivers General, Oath of Demand having been mads.

Collectors in Default for Non Delivery of Schedules, to be certified in like manner, together with the Amount remaining unpaid.

1 &2 GEO. IV.

Every such Certificate to be an Authority to the Court to issue Process for the Levy of Issues.

After Payment of Arrears, &c. Commissioners for Affairs of Taxes may remit such Issues.

Sheriffs, &c. having in Hand Penalties or Issues levied under Assessed Taxes or Compounding Acts, or who shall receive same under this Act, to pay over to Receiver General

The Monies arising by Compositions to be paid into the Consolidated Fund.

C. 113.

A.D. 1821.

pened, together with the Names of the Collectors of the said Parishes, Wards or Places.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Certificate under the Hand of any Receiver General or his Deputy, of any Default of any Collector or Collectors of the Assessed Taxes, or of the Monies arising from Compositions under the said recited Acts or this Act, for Non Delivery of a Schedule as directed by the said Acts or this Act, shall be a sufficient Authority to the Barons of the said Court, or any One of them, to cause immediate Process to be issued out of and from the Office of the King's Remembrancer of the said Court, against the said Collector or Collectors; upon which Writ the Sheriff or other Officer to whom the said Process shall be directed, shall levy Issues after the Rate of One Shilling for every Twenty Shillings of the Sums so unpaid or unaccounted for by the said Certificate, and shall pay the Monies so levied, after deducting the Costs, Charged and Expences, to be settled and allowed by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to the Receiver General or his Deputy; and the said Sheriff shall make immediate Return of the said Process to the Court according to the due Course thereof: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs or Taxes, or any Two or more of them, after Payment of the Duties in Arrear so certified, to cause such Issues, or such Part thereof as they shall think reasonable, and whenever they shall be satisfied that the Default so certified was not wilful, to be remitted and paid to the Collector or Collectors on whom the same was levied, after deducting thereout the Costs and Charges attending such Process and Levy, to be settled and allowed by die said Commissioners.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arisen from Fines, Penalties, Issues and Forfeitures or Shares thereof, respectively recovered, levied or received under the said Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes or any of them, or under the said recited Acts relating to Compositions for the said Duties, or which, after the passing of this Act, shall be recovered, levied or received under the said Acts or this Act, shall be paid by all Sheriffs, Under Sheriffs, or other the Person or Persons having received or recovered or who shall receive or recover the same respectively, into the Hands of the Receiver General of the said Duties and Compositions, or to his Deputy acting for the County, Division, City or Place within which such Fines, Penalties, Issues and Forfeitures, or Shares thereof, respectively have arisen and have been received or levied, or shall arise and be received or levied, within Ten Days after they respectively shall receive any Ord6r for that Purpose under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or to such other Receiver General of the Duties of Assessed Taxes, or Compositions for Assessed Taxes, to be named in such Order, as the said Commissioners last mentioned shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by Compositions entered into under the said recited Act or this Act, (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted,) shall from Time to Time be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, to the Account of Assessed

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 113.

447

sessed Taxes in Great Britain, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

XXXVII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the lleign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to continue Two Acts, of the Fifty sixth and Fifty eighth Years of His present Majesty, for reducing the Duties payable on Horses used for the Purposes therein mentioned, to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and to reduce the Duties chargeable under certain Acts of the Forty eighth and Fifty second Years of His present Majesty, 4 in respect of certain Horses, Mares, Geldings and Mules, certain Duties, as therein mentioned, are directed to be charged and paid on Butchers' Horses: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act touching certain Exemptions granted previous to the passing thereof Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Firth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, nothing in the said recited Acts contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any Butcher of any Exemption for or on account of One Horse to be used by him or his Servant or Servants solely for the Purposes of Trade, to which Exemption such Butcher would have been entitled under any Act or Acts relating to Assessed Taxes, in force previous to the passing of the said recited Act.

XXXVIII. And Whereas under and by virtue of an Act made in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for giving Relief to Persons compounding for their Assessed Taxes in Ireland from an annual Assessment for Three Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, divers Persons have compounded for their Assessed Taxes accordingly; and it is expedient to relieve them and others for a further Term to be limited Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any Three of them, to order and direct the Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes in Ireland, or any Three or more of them, to make Contracts and Agreements with any Person or Persons in Ireland, who shall have made or entered into any Composition for the Term of Three Years from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, for the Rates, Duties and Taxes on Dwelling Houses, for and in respect of the Fire Hearths or other Places for Firing or Stoves, and of the Windows or Lights therein, and in the Out Houses, Offices and Edifices appertaining thereto, and on Male Servants and other Male Persons, and on Horses, Mares and Geldings, and on Carriages, Race Horses and Dogs; so that such Compositions may be continued for any further Term not exceeding Six Years from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three; and in like manner to make Contracts and Agreements for any Term not exceeding the Term of Seven Years, from the Sixth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, with any Person or Persons who shall be assessed or charged for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, with the

said

59 G. 3. c. 13.

5 2-

Proviso for Butchers for One Horse used for the Purposes of Trade.

59 G. 3. c. 118.

Treasury may direct that the Provisions of Act for Relief of Persons, in Ireland compounding for Assessed Taxes be extended for further Periods as herein mentioned.

448

C. 113.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Schedule annexed deemed Part of this Act. How Form to be used.

said Rated, Duties and Taxes or any of them, and who shall apply to the said Commissioners of Inland Excise and Taxes, for making a Composition for the Rates, Duties and Taxes, which such Person or Persons shall be chargeable with and liable to pay; and that all such Compositions shall be continued and shall be made upon and under the like Terms and Conditions in all Respects, as are directed in and by the said recited Act of the said Fifty ninth Year, with respect to Compositions under the said recited Act; and that all Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Provisions, with respect to any such Composition made before the passing of this Act, and all such other Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Provisions as shall be directed or required by the said Commissioners of the Treasury, shall be applied and put in effect with respect to such Compositions as shall, be continued or made under the Authority of this Act, for and during the Term for which such Compositions shall be continued or shall be made as aforesaid, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Rules, Regulations, Conditions and Provisions had been repeated and enacted in this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be deemed a Part of this Act, as if the same had been inserted herein under a special Enactment: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of this Act to use the said Form as well where the Composition shall comprize all the Duties therein mentioned, or a Part or Parts thereof, only striking out all such Part or Parts thereof as may not relate to the Duties not intended to be included therein.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

No. I.

NOTICE to be used by Persons desirous of compounding for their Assessed

Taxes.

To Surveyor acting for the Parish of, in the

Division of, in the county of , and to the Commissioners acting for the said Division.

Take Notice, That I am [or, we are] desirous of compounding for Assessed Taxes under the Powers, Conditions and Provisions of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of George the 4-th, on Dwelling House

and Establishment in the said of;

the Particulars of which are as follows, viz.

Dwelling House situate in the said Parish - Number of Windows

Amount of - Rent - gS

SCHEDULE  continued.

ESTABLISHMENT. Number.

Servants Servants Wheel Carriages -2 Wheel Carriages - -Taxed Carts -Horses for Riding Race Horses -Dogs -Hair Powder -Armorial Bearings - Schedule C. No. I. Schedule C. No. II. Schedule D. No. I. Schedule D. No. II. Schedule D. No. IV. Schedule E. No. I. Schedule E. No. III. Schedule G. Schedule I. Schedule K.

And that will attend to execute and receive the Contract of Composition, when required by the Commissioners.

Signed the Day of 182 .

Witness Assessor or Collector of the ) above named Parish.

No. II.

NOTICE to be used by Persons desirous of renewing their former Composition

To the Commissioners acting for the Division of, in the County of Take Notice, That I am [or, we are] desirous of renewing former Compositions for Assessed Taxes, under the Powers,

Conditions and Provisions of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of George the 4th; and that will attend to execute and

receive the Contract of Composition when required by

you: And you will further take Notice, that the following Articles, not allowed to be compounded for by the said Act, are included in said

former Composition.

Articles included in former Composition. Nos. Duty.

Persons in Employ charged under Schedule C. No III. - Do. No. IV. (Schedule D. No. III. 1 Do. - No. V. Articles kept for the Purpose of J Do. - No. VI. Trade, charged under - - J Do. E. No. II. 1 Do. F. No. I. 1. Do. H.

Signed the Witness Assessor or Collector of the Parish of

1 & 2 Geo. IV.

Day of

182 .

No. Ill

C. 1I&

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

No. III.

NOTICE to be used by Persons entitled to compound on a lesser Establishment than is comprised in their former Composition.

To

Division.

Surveyor acting for the Parish of in the Division of, in the County of

, and to the Commissioners acting for the said

Take Notice, That I [or, we] have, before the Sixth Day of April 1821, laid down Part of Establishment, on which

have compounded under the Act of 59 Geo. 3d, enumerated in the following Schedules, and desirous of compounding

for the reduced Establishment now kept by, and on which

compounded, also enumerated in the said Schedule.

Establishment laid down since the former Composition.

No. ceased to keep before the 6th April 1821. Retained and now kept.

Servants Servants Wheel Carriages - -2 Wheel Carriages - -Taxed Carts Horses for Riding Race Horses Dogs Hair Powder Armorial Bearings Schedule C. 1 No. I. Schedule C. No. II. Schedule D. No. I. Schedule D. No. II. Schedule D. No. IV. Schedule E. No. I. Schedule E. No. III. Schedule G. Schedule I. Schedule K.

And that will attend to execute and receive the Contract

of Composition when required by the Commissioners.

Signed the Day of 182

Witness Assessor or Collector of the ) above named Parish. J

form

C. 113.

451

FORM of renewed Contract of Composition for Assessed Taxes.

Windows - - Number -Rent - Amount  Total Amount of Duties Composition Duty of 5 per Centum Total Amount of Composition Amount of Duties.

ESTABLISHMENT. Amount of Duties.

Nos. Schedules. Servants - - C. No. I. Servants - - C. No. II. 4 Wheel Carriages D. No. I. 2 Wheel Carriages D. No. II. Taxed Carts - - D. No. IV. Horses for Riding E. No. I. Race Horses E. No. III. Dogs - - G. Hair Powder - I. Armorial Bearings K. Composition Duty of 5 perl Centum, under Act of 59 Geo. 3. j

Total Amount of Duties -Composition Duty of 5 perl Centum, by 2d Geo. 4. - J Total Amount of Composition for 1 Establishment - - j Ditto for House - Total Amount of Composition 

KNOW all Men, That we, Two of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts in relation to Assessed Taxes for the Division of, in

the County of, have

contracted and agreed with A.B. of, in the said Divi-

sion, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, rfor the Renewal of the Composition of Assessed Taxes, as stated in the Margin hereof; namely,

Upon Dwelling House, with the Appurtenances therewith copied, situate in the said Parish, on the Amount expressed therein:  And also upon Servants, Horses and other Articles of Establishment, on

the Amount expressed therein,

toget her u it li the additional Rate granted by the said Act.

Which several Amounts are to be paid to the Collectors of the said Parish by Two Instalments; viz.

1st Instalment on or before the 10th Day of October.

2d Instalment on or before the 5th Day of April.

And so yearly during the respective Terms of Six Years and Five Years, from the 5th Day of April 1822, mentioned in the said Act.

The Condition of the above Composition is, That the above named shall duly pay or cause to be paid to the Collectors for the said or one

of them, on or before the Days above mentioned, upon Demand, the yearly Sum of by Two Instalments, in even Portions, taking their or his

Receipt in Writing for the same; otherwise the said Composition shall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the said, or sued for and recovered

by any of the Ways and Means by which the Monies due on Assessments may be sued for and recovered.

I

j Commissioners of the within Division.

Wit"cierk. The Par'y heret0>

N.B.  With the Consent of the Commissioners, the Collector of the Parish may witness the Signature of the Party to the Contract.

G g 2 FORM

452

C. 113.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

FORM of Contract of Compositions under the Act of the 2d Geo. 4th.

Amount of Duties.

Windows - Number -Rent - Amount 

Total Amount of Duties Composition Duty of 5 per Centum

Total Amount of Composition

ESTABLISHMENT.

Amount of Duties.

Nos.

Servants

Servants

4? Wheel Carriages 2 Wheel Carriages Taxed Carts Horses for Riding Race Horses Dogs

Hair Powder Armorial Bearings

Schedules.

C. No. I.

C. No. II.

D. No. I. IX No. II.

D. No. IV.

E. No. I. E. No. III. G.

1.

K.

KNOW all Men, That we, Two of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Acts in relation to Assessed Taxes for the Division of, in the

County of, have contracted and agreed with of

, in the said Division, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Second Year of Geo. 4-th, for the Composition of Assessed Taxes, as stated in the Margin hereof, and additional Rate.

Which several Amounts are to be paid to the Collectors of the said by Two Instalments; viz.

1st Instalment on or before the 10th Day of October.

2d Instalment on or before the 5th Day of April.

Total Amount of Duties Composition Duty of 5 per Centum

Total Amount of Composition Establishment Ditto for House

Total Amount of Composition

And so yearly during the respective Terms of Six Years and Five Years, from the 5th Day of April 1822, mentioned in the said Act.

The Condition of the above Composition is, That the above named shall duly pay or cause to be paid to the Collectors for the said or one of them, on or before the Days above mentioned, upon Demand, the yearly Sum of by Two Instalments, in even Portions, taking their or

his Receipt in Writing for the same, otherwise the said Composition shall be levied of the Goods and Chattels of the said, or sued for and recovered

by any of the Ways and Means by which the Monies due on Assessments may be sued for and recovered.

Clerk j' Commissioners of the within Division.

WitI>Ckrk. The Party heret0-

N.B.  With the Consent of the Commissioners, the Collector of the Parish may witness the Signature of the Party to the Contract.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

G. 114,

453

CAP. CXIV.

An Act for the Conveyance, Surrender and Assignment of Estates in Fee, for Lives, or Terms of Years, which shall be vested in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, in Idiots and Lunatics, not having been found such by Inquisition.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the Fourth 4 G.2. c. 10.

Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled c An Act to enable Idiots and Lunatics, who are seised or possessed of Estates in Fee, or for Lives, or Terms of Years, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances, Surrenders or Assignments of such Estates, it is enacted, that it shall and $1.

may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being Idiot,

Lunatic or Non compos mentis, and having Estates in Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments in Trust only for others, or by

way of Mortgage, or for the Committee or Committees of such Person or Persons, in his, her or their Name or Names, by the Direction of the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, signified by an Order to be made as in the

said Act is directed, to convey and assure such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in manner and to the Person or Persons

in the said Act mentioned: And Whereas many Inconveniences do and may arise by reason that the Provisions of the said Act do only apply in cases in which Commissions of Lunacy have been taken out; and it is expedient to extend such Provisions to other cases; Be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after Lord Chancel, the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the 1*> &c* aP-

Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or the Lord Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, ^ion Upt!Uns by an Order made on the Petition of the Person or Persons for convey and whom such Person or Persons being Idiot, Lunatic or Non compos assure Lands of mentis (but not having been found such by Inquisition) , shall be Lunatic* and seised or possessed in Trust, or of the Mortgager or Mortgagers, Idiot&

or of the Person or Persons entitled to the Monies secured by or upon any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, whereof any such Person or Persons, being Idiot, Lunatic or Non compos mentis (but not having been found such by Inquisition) , is or are or shall be seised or possessed by way of Mortgage, or of the Person or Persons entitled to the Equity of Redemption thereof, to appoint such Person or Persons as to the Lord Chancellor,

Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain respectively shall seem meet, on Behalf of such Person or Persons being so Idiot, Lunatic or Non cornpos mentis as aforesaid, to convey and assure any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in such manner as the Lord Chancellor of Great Britain, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall by such Order so to be obtained direct,

G g 3 to

45i

C. lit, 115.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Such Convey- to any other Person or Persons; and such Conveyance and As-wices good. surance so to be had and made as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Person or Persons, being Idiot, Lunatic or Non compos mentis, was or were, at the time of making such Conveyance or Assurance, of sane Mind, Memory and Understanding, and not Idiot, Lunatic or Non compos mentis, and had by him, her or themselves so conveyed and assured such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments; any Law, Custom or usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Persons so ap-

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Person com- and Persons, being to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall pelled to convey. may emp0were(j compelled by such Order so as

aforesaid to be obtained, to make such Conveyance and Conveyances, Assurance or Assurances as aforesaid, in like manner as Trustees or Mortgagees of sane Memory are compellable to convey, surrender or assign their Trust Estates or Mortgages.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, relating to Bankrupts, as requires the Meetings under Commissions of Bankrupt to be holden in the Guildhall of the City of London; and for building Offices in the said City for the Meetings of the Commissioners; and for the more regular Transaction of Business in Bankruptcy.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Fraud

5 by Bankrupts, it is amongst other Things enacted, that where

+any Commission of Bankrupt shall issue out, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and thirty two, the Commissioners therein named, or the major Part of them thereby authorized, shall forthwith, after they have declared the Person or Persons against whom such Commission shall issue a Bankrupt or Bankrupts, cause Notice thereof to be given in the London Gazette, and shall appoint a Time and Place for the Creditors to meet, which Meeting for the City of London and all Places within the Bills of Mortality, shall be at the Guildhall of the said City, in order to choose an Assignee or Assignees of the said Bankrupt's Estate and Effects; and it was

5 33. 4 thereby further enacted, that every Person or Persons choBen

or whe should be chosen Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Bankrupt, should at some time after the Expiration of

Four Months, and within Twelve Months from the time of issuing such Commission, cause at least Twenty one Days public Notice to be given in the London Gazette, of the Time and Place the Commissioners and Assignees intend to make a Dividend and Distribution of such Bankrupt's Estate and Effects;

at which Time the Creditors who had not proved their Debts should then be at liberty to prove the same; which Meeting

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 115. 455

+for the City of London and all Places within the Bills of Mortality should be at the Guildhall of the said City: And Whereas the Business in Bankruptcy has of late Years greatly increased, and in consequence thereof proper and sufficient Accommodation cannot now be furnished to the Commissioners for transacting such Business at the said Guildhall of the said City of London: And Whereas, for the Purpose of providing a Remedy for such Inconvenience, an Address was ordered to be presented to His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, by the House of Commons, on the Thirtieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nineteen, praying that His Royal Highness would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that a Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds should be issued for the Purpose of erecting a suitable Building for Transaction of Business in Bankruptcy: And Whereas in pursuance of such Address the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury have authorized and empowered William Courtenay of Duke Street, Westminster, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, One of the Masters of His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, Stephen Rumbold Lushington Esquire, One of the Secretaries of His Majesty's Treasury, Matthew Wood of South Audley Street, Grosvenor Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the said City of London, Thomas Wilson of the same City, Merchant, and Henry Wrottesley of Lincolns Inn, in the said County of Middlesex, Esquire,

as Trustees for the Public, to treat and contract for the Purchase of the Piece or Parcel of Ground hereinafter described, on which such intended new Building may be erected and buih,

and also for the erecting and completing the same for the Purposes aforesaid: And Whereas in further pursuance of such Contract with Address, a Contract hath been entered into by the Trustees the Corporation above named, with the said City of London, for the Purchase of Londoz.

of the Piece of Ground nearly adjoining the Guildhall of the said City, hereinafter more particularly described; and in pursuance of such Contract, by Indenture of Feoffment with Livery of Seisin endorsed, duly enrolled in His Majesty's High Court of Chancery, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of April in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and made between the Mayor and Commonalty and

Citizens of the City of London of the First Part; the said William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold Lushington, Matthew Wood, Thomas Wilson and Henry Wrottesley, of the Second Part;

Joseph Bushnan of Guildhall London aforesaid, Comptroller of the Chamber of the said City of London, and Francis Bligh Hookey of Guildhall aforesaid, Gentleman, of the Third Part;

and Rowland Wimbum of Chancery Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, Gentleman, of the fourth Part; it is witnessed,

that in pursuance of the said Agreement, and in Consideration of the Sum of Four thousand one hundred Pounds paid by the 6 said William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold Lushington, Matthew Wood, Thomas Wilson and Henry Wrottesley, into the Chamber of the said City of London, as therein mentioned, the said Mayor

and Commonalty and Citizens did grant, alien, enfeoff and

confirm unto the said William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold

G g 4 rLush *

It,

456

1 & GEO. IV. A.D. 182I.

C. 115.

Lushington, Matthew Wood, Thomas Wilson and Heart/ Wrat-

tesley, and their Heirs, all that Piece or Parcel of Ground situate

and being on the West Side of Basinghall Street, in the Parish of Saint Michael Bassishaw of the City of London, Part of i which Ground lately formed Part of the Site of the ancient Cloth Market of Blackwell Hall, or of the Buildings or Offices belonging thereto, and other Part thereof was the Site, or Part

of the Site, of Two Messuages or Dwelling Houses situate on the West Side of Basinghall Street aforesaid, being Numbers Eighty two and Eighty three of the said Street; the whole of

which said Piece or Parcel of Ground measures on the North

Side thereof, abutting or adjoining to a Messuage or Tenement

and Premises in Basinghall Street aforesaid, now or late in the

Occupation of Maitland, Esquire, Eighty seven Feet

of Assize, little more or less, in a broken Line; on the East Side thereof, abutting on Basinghall Street aforesaid, Ninety

Feet Nine Inches of Assize, including Half the Thickness of the Party Wall, little more or less; on the West Side thereof,

abutting or adjoining to a vacant Piece of Ground, which is intended to be left as a Yard or Passage between the Ground thereby intended to be conveyed, and the new Courts of King's

Bench and Common Pleas, One hundred and one Feet Six Inches of Assize, little more or less, including Half the Party

Wall; and on the South Side thereof, abutting on an intended

+new Street or Carriage Way leading from Basinghall Street aforesaid, to Guildhall Yard, Eighty seven Feet of Assize, little more or less, as the said Piece or Parcel of Ground and the Abuttals and Boundaries thereof are more particularly described and delineated in the Ground Plan thereof drawn in the Margin of the Indenture now in recital, together with the free Use and Liberty of Way and Passage in, over and upon the said Court Yard or Ground lying between the Western Boundary of the Piece or Parcel of Ground thereby intended to be conveyed, and the said intended new Buildings for the Courts of King's Bench and Common Pleas, at all times between the Hours of Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon and Four o'clock in the Afternoon of every Day in the Year, except Sundays, Good Friday and Christmas Day; but excepting and always reserving to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, their Successors and Assigns, the Right to have an Entrance Gate to the said Yard or Passage, and to lock or fasten the same Gate, so as to prevent all Access to or Liberty of Way through the same Gate and Passage, except when such Right of Way or Passage is to be exercised between the Hours of Ten and Four as aforesaid;

to hold the said Piece of Ground and Premises unto and to the

Use of the said William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold Lushington, Matthew Wood, Thomas Wilson and Henry Wrottesley,

their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust for His Majesty and His Successors; and to the Intent and Purpose only, that certain Buildings might forthwith be erected on the said Ground, for the Meetings of the Commissioners of Bankrupts, and for Transaction of Business in Bankruptcy: And Whereas such Buildings have been accordingly erected, and are nearly completed, on the said Piece of Ground for the Purposes aforesaid: And Whereas by

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 115. 457

reason of the said hereinbefore in part recited Act of Parliament, such Meetings of the Commissioners in Bankruptcy as are therein mentioned must of Necessity be held at the Guildhall of the said City of London; and it is therefore expedient to repeal so much of the said recited Act as compels such Meetings to be there holden, and to direct that all Public Meetings in Bankruptcy, and also such other Meetings as are hereinafter mentioned, shall be held in the said newly erected Buildings: And

Whereas, besides the Inconveniencies arising from the Want of appropriate Places of Meeting, considerable Inconvenience has also been experienced from their being no Provision made under the existing Laws for keeping a Registry or Journal of the Proceedings under Commissions, and such Registry would tend to the Regularity and Uniformity of such Proceedings: And Whereas it is expedient that Commissioners acting under any Commission of Bankruptcy should, whilst so acting, have Power or Authority to remove or order any Person or Persons to be removed or taken out of the Room or Place in which they may be sitting under such Commission, who shall commit or be guilty of any Riot or Disturbance, or who shall interrupt them in the Exercise of their Duty, and to have such Person or Persons taken before any Alderman or Magistrate acting in the Commission of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law: And Whereas by a Resolution of the House of Commons of the Twenty ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, the further Sum of Two thousand three hundred Pounds was granted to His Majesty, to enable the said Trustees to defray the Expences of such new Building, and of completing, fitting up and furnishing the same for the Purposes aforesaid: And Whereas it is expedient that a Fund should be provided, for the Purpose of ensuring to the Public the Repayment of the Sums so voted for the Purposes aforesaid Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the hereinbefore recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as directs that any Meetings holden under Commissions of Bankruptcy should be holden at the Guildhall of the City of London, shall be and the same is hereby repealed {subject only to the Proviso next hereinafter contained).

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Part but to remain as aforesaid of the said recited Act of the Fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, shall continue in force until the Building intended to be erected on the Piece of Ground comprised in the hereinbefore recited Indenture of Feoffment shall be completed, and Notice of such Building being ready for Use, signed by the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, shall be inserted in the London Gazette, therein fixing the time from which Business shall be transacted in such new Building, and which Building shall be called The Court of Commissioners of Bankrupt."

IU. And be it further enacted, That from the Time fixed in auch Notice in the London Gazette} signed as aforesaid, and for

ever

5 G. 2. c. 30. 26. io part repealed;

in force as herein mentioned until the new Building completed.

Meetings under Commissions to

C. 115.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

be held in the new Building.

The Ground and Buildings rested in Commissioners herein named.

Appointment of future Commissioners in case of Death, &c.

The said Ground and Buildings rested in such future Commissioners and their Heirs.

ever thenceforward, all Public Meetings under Commissions of Bankrupt in London, and all Places within the Bills of Mortality, (as well those fixed by the said Commissioners, as also all Meetings of Creditors under Commissions which are held in pursuance of public Advertisement,) shall be holden within the Building mentioned or referred to in such Notice.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Piece or Parcel of Ground described in and conveyed by the Indenture of Feoffment hereinbefore recited or expressed so to be, and all Erections and Buildings now erecting and building, or which shall be erected and built thereon, shall from henceforth be and the same are hereby vested in the said William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold Lushington, Matthew Wood, Thomas Wilson and Henry Wrottesley, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to the Intent and Purpose that the said Piece of Ground, and the Buildings thereon, may for ever hereafter be used and applied for the Purposes and in Manner mentioned and described by this Act; subject to such Rules and Regulations respecting the Use and Occupation thereof, and of the Rooms and Chambers thereunto belonging, as the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall from time to time order and direct, and to and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and the said William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold Lushington, Matthew Wood, Thomas Wilson and Henry Wrottesley, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the lieirs and Assigns of such Survivor, are accordingly hereby appointed, and shall from henceforth be and continue Commissioners and Trustees for carrying into Effect the Purposes of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any of them the said William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold Lushington, Matthew Wood, Thomas Wilson and Henry Wrottesley, or any future Commissioner or Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, to be appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, shall die, or be desirous of being discharged of and from, or refuse or decline or become incapable to act as a Commissioner and Trustee for the Purposes of this Act, then and so often as by the Means aforesaid the Number of the said Commissioners and Trustees shall be reduced to Three, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to nominate and appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner and Trustee, or Commissioners and Trustees, for the Purposes of this Act, in the Place or Stead of the Trustees who shall have so died, or desired to be discharged, or refused, declined or become incapable to act as aforesaid.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That when and so often as any new Commissioner or Commissioners, or Trustee or Trustees, shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, the said Piece of Ground and Premises comprised in the said recited Indenture of Feoffment, and the Buildings thereon, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, shall be thereupon, with all convenient Speed, conveyed and assured in such sort and manner, and so as that the same shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Commissioner or Commissioners, Trustee or

Trustees,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 1I5.

45$ '

Trustees, and sucfraew or other Commissioner or Commissioners,

Trustee or Trustees, or if there shall be no continuing Commissioner or Trustee under this Act, then in such new Commissioners and Trustees only, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon the same Trust and for the same Intent and Purpose as by this Act is enacted and declared concerning the Commissioners and Trustees hereby nominated; and that every such new Commissioner and Such new Coin-Trustee shall and may in all things act and assist in the Manage- misdoners to raent, carrying on and Execution of the Trusts and Purposes of act 1116

this Act, m conjunction with the other then surviving or con-

turning Commissioner or Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, if Commisuonen. there shall be any such, and if not, then by themselves, as fully and effectually, and with the same Power and Powers, Authority and Authorities, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, as if they had been originally in and by this Act nominated Commissioners and Trustees, and as the Commissioners or Trustees in this Act named, in or to whose Place such new Commissioners or Trustees shall respectively come or succeed, are enabled to do, or could or might have done under and by virtue of this Act, if then living and continuing to act in the Trust and for the Purposes hereby directed or declared.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Contract and Pur- Contract with

chase so as aforesaid made and concluded by and between the said Corporation William Courtenay, Stephen Rumbold Lushington, Matthew Wood, confirmed* &c. Thomas Wilson and Henry Wrottesley, of the One Part, and the

Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London of the other Part,

shall be, and such Contract and Purchase is hereby ratified, confirmed and established in all Respects whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Consideration Money Provision for for the Purchase of the said Piece of* Ground, and also the Ex- Payment of pences of erecting and completing the intended Buildings thereon, p1*^0* and of fitting up and furnishing the several Rooms and Offices

therein, and also the Expences attending the said Contract and of this Act. Purchase, and the Examination of the Title of the City of London to the said Piece of Ground, and also all Expences of Surveyors and others incurred under the Direction of the said Commissioners, or any of them, in treating for a proper Place for transacting the said Business in Bankruptcy, and in procuring and passing this Act, and the Costs, Charges and Expences of all Proceedings had or to be had in consequence thereof, shall be defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the said Two several Sums of Twenty thousand Pounds and Two thousand three hundred Pounds, issued or to be issued from His Majesty's Treasury, in pursuance of the Address and Resolution of the House of Commons hereinbefore recited; and that the Drafts of the said Commissioners, or of any Three or more of them, for the said Monies, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, shall at all Times be sufficient Authority and Voucher for the Issue and Payment of the same; and when and so soon as the said Offices and Buildings shall be completed and prepared for the Transaction of Business, an Account shall be rendered by the said Commissioners, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, of the Payment and Application of the Monies so as aforesaid received by or issued to them for the Purposes of this Act.

C. 115.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

The said Buildings to he under the Direction of the Commissioners, subject to Order of the Great Seal.

The said Build* ings not to be occupied as a Residence, except by a Registrar and Housekeeper.

Registrar to be appointed.

His Duty as to Attendance;

as to keeping a Journal of Meetings, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or the major Part of them, (subject to such Rules and Regulations as the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall from time to time think proper to order or direct in the Premises,) to give and enforce such Order and Direction for the Completion of the said Buildings, and for the Occupation and Use of the several Offices or Rooms when completed, for the Purpose of transacting Business in and under Commissions of Bankrupt, and for preserving and keeping the said Buildings, Rooms and Offices in good Condition and Repair, and for insuring and keeping such Buildings and Offices insured from Loss or Damage by Fire, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall from time to time think proper and advisable for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Buildings by this Act empowered to be erected or built, or any Chamber or Room, Chambers or Rooms therein, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall not be used or occupied as.or converted to the Residence of any Person or Persons whomsoever; save only and except such Part or Parts of the said Buildings as the said Commissioners hereby appointed, or the major Part of them, shall appropriate or direct to be used for the Residence and Occupation of the Registrar and Housekeeper to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act," as hereinafter mentioned; but that the said Buildings, and all and every Chamber and Chambers, Room and Rooms therein, and every Part and Parts thereof, shall be used for the public Purpose and Purposes by this Act directed in respect of the same, and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That for the better carrying into effect the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keepers or Lord Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, to nominate and appoint some competent and proper Person to the Office of Registrar of the Meetings of the Commissioners of Bankrupt, who shall be resident in such Part of the said Building as the Commissioners shall direct, and who shall also have an Office in some convenient and public Part of the said Building; and whose Duty it shall be to be in Attendance in his said Office from the Hours of Ten o'Clock in the Forenoon till Four o'Clock in the Afternoon, and also during the Sitting of any Commission of Bankrupt, or during the Continuance of any Meeting in Bankruptcy holden in any Part of the said Building, and during such other Times as the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, shall from time to time direct; and it shall further be the Duty of the said Registrar so to be appointed, to take and keep a Daily Journal, Registry and Account of Meetings in Bankruptcy which shall be holden in the said Buildings, or any Office belonging to the same; in which Journal or Registry shall be entered the Names of the Bankrupt or Bankrupts, the Solicitor or Solicitors to the Commission, the Messenger and the Number of the List of Commissioners to which the Commission is directed, and the Names of the Assignees, the Hours of Meeting and the Time to which any such Meeting shall be adjourned, and a Minute of the Nature or Purpose

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 115. 461

for which such Meeting was held, and the Amount of any dividend which shall be declared thereat; and the Solicitor or* Clerk to every such Commission is hereby required to furnish the said Registrar with the necessary Information in Writing, to enable the said Registrar to make a proper Entry in such Journal or Registry of the Nature or Purpose of every such Meeting; and shall also keep One or more Book or Books, containing an Entry or Notice of all Meetings which shall be appointed or called by public Advertisement, either of the Commissioners or Creditors; which Book or Books shall be kept open in the Office of the said Registrar, for the Inspection of all Persons desiring to consult the same, during Office Hours, without Fee or Reward; and it shall further be his Duty to receive and account for all Fees and Payments which shall be payable under this Act, as hereinafter mentioned; and when such Fees or Payments shall amount to the Sum of One hundred Pounds in his Hands, to pay the same into the Bank of England, under an Order of the High Court of Chancery to be made for that Purpose, in the Name of the Accountant General of the said Court, to a separate Account, to be entitled " Fund arising from Fees in Bankruptcy," to be laid out or invested in the Purchase of Bank Three Pounds per Centum Annuities, in the Name of the said Accountant General, together with all Accumulations thereof, to be carried to the like Account; and that such Registrar shall at all Times, w hen required by the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, or by any Two of the Commissioners under this Act, render and give a just and true Account of his Receipts and Payments, and of the Monies actually in his Hands; and Once in every Year, between the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of July, shall (without being thereunto specially required) make and give a just and true Account of all Monies received and paid by him during the Year, which Account shall be audited and settled and finally-allowed by the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, or by such other Person or Persons as he or they shall for that Purpose nominate and appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every such Registrar to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required, before he shall act in the Execution of his said Office, to give good and sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of the said Court, for his duly accounting for and paying over to the said Accountant General the Monies so to be received by him; and shall take and subscribe, in open Court, the usual Oaths of Supremacy and Abjuration, and also an Oath to the Purport and Effect following; that is to say,

Solicitor, &c. to furnish Registrar with necessary Information.

Such Journal, & c. open to Inspection without Fee *

Registrar to account for Fees, &c.

To give an Account of Receipts and Payments, &c.

By whom such Accounts audited.

Registrar to give Security;

and taka Oaths as herein mentioned.

J A. Br do swear, That according to the best of my Skill and

Ability I will truly and faithfully execute and exercise the Office of Registrar of Meetings in Bankruptcy, according to the

Provisions and Directions of an Act of Parliament made and

passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act],

1 so long as I shall continue in the said Office; and that I will be c ready and attendant in the said Office to further His Majesty's

Business, as need shall require; and that I will well and faithfully

l@O

Housekeeper to be appointed.

Power to Greet Seal to remove Registrar and Housekeeper.

Salaries to Registrar and Housekeeper.

A Fund for Reimbursement of Expences under the Act, by Payment of Fees and Charges herein mentioned.

C. 115. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

preserve and keep a Registry of Proceedings and other Matters

required by the said Act for Public Use; and will at all Times

render and give just and true Accounts of all Monies which shall come to my Hands by virtue of ray said Office; and that I will

not at any Time during my Continuance in the said Office act

as Solicitor, Attorney or Agent to or under any Commission of Bankrupt, or receive any Compensation, Fee or Reward for any Service or Business done, or proposed to be done, under or relating to any such Commission, otherwise than as directed and authorized by this Act. So help me GOD. '

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be Housekeeper of the said Buildings and Offices, who shall also be constantly resident in such Part of the said Building as the said Commissioners shall require, and whose Duty it shall be to keep the said Buildings and Offices, and the Furniture and Effects therein, in proper State and Condition, and at all times ready for the Transaction of Business therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Ix>rds Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, from time to time to remove the said Registrar and Housekeeper from his or her Office respectively, when by reason of permanent Sickness, Infirmity, Misconduct, Neglect or other Cause, lie, 6he or they shall he unable or incompetent, or considered unfit to discharge the Duties of his or her Office respectively, and to supply the Place of the Person so removed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid and allowed to the Registrar to be appointed as aforesaid, during his Continuance in the said Office the clear yearly Salary or Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and to the Housekeeper to be appointed as aforesaid the clear yearly Salary or Sum of Fifty Pounds; and also the further Allowance or yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds towards the Expences of a Servant or Servants in the said Building; the said Salaries to he paid to the said Registrar and Housekeeper respectively, besides an Allowance of Coals and Candles to each of them, to be used in their respective Offices or Apartments within the said Buildings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in order to form a Fund towards reimbursing the Public for the Expences of the Purchase of the said Piece of Ground, and the Erection of the Buildings, and the Fitting up and Establishment of the Offices thereon, and for making the several other Payments by this Act directed and provided to be made thereout, there shall be taken from and charged to the Estates of the, Bankrupts, the Business under whose Commission shall be transacted in the said Buildings, the following Fees; namely, for every Meeting under each Commission holden within the said Building or Offices, by way of Fee or Charge for the Use of the said Offices, the Sum of Ten Shillings; and to the Registrar, for his own Use, for the Registry of every such Meeting, the further Sum of One Shilling; and for every Search out of Office Hours that may he made in the said Registry, unless by or by the Order of the Commissioners under any Commission of

A.D. 1821.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 115.

463

Meeting! of Commissioners to be held in new Building only.

Kooms to be applied.

Bankruptcy, the like Sum of One Shilling, to be paid by the Party making such Search; which said first mentioned Fee of Ten Shillings shall be received and accounted for by the Registrar to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, and shall be in full Satis* faction of all Fees and Charges for or in respect of the Use of the Room or Offices in which such Meetings under Commissions shall be held.

XVII. And in order more effectually to insure the Receipt and Application of all Monies paid for the Use of the said Rooms to the Uses of the said Fund, be it further enacted, That no Meeting of Commissioners or of Creditors called together by public Advertisement, under any Commission of Bankruptcy, shall be held within the City of London, except in the said newly erected Building, un- uij less otherwise specially directed in Writing by the major Part of Exception, the Commissioners named in such Commission.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and How Money Sums of Money which shall be received in respect of the Use of received for the said Rooms directed to be paid by this Act, shall, in the first u, e of the said Place, be applied under the Direction of the Commissioners of this Act for the time being, or the major Part of them, in defraying and discharging the Expences incurred in carrying the Objects of this

Act into Effect, and all Costs and Charges incidental thereto; and in particular, in discharging the Salaries of the said Registrar and Housekeeper, and Allowance for Servants, the Sixpences of Coals and Candles for their Use, and for the Use of the said Commissioners, or of the Creditors attending such Meetings in Bankruptcy in the said Buildings, and for other necessary Expences; and also the Expences of lighting and watching the said Buildings and Premises, and all Taxes, Rates and Assessments payable in respect thereof, and of keeping the same in proper Condition and Repair, and of Insurance, and all other annual or occasional necessary Expences attending the Establishment; and after fully answering and discharging all such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be received shall be paid into the Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, to the Account before directed, in order that such Monies may form a Fund, and be paid or applied under the Direction or by the Order of the Lord High Chancellor, the Lord Keeper or the Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the Time being, as and when the same shall amount to a competent Sum, into His Majesty's Treasury, for and towards reimbursing the Public the said Two several $ums of Twenty thousand Pounds and Two thousand three hundred Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be issued from His Majesty's Treasury to the Commissioners named in this Act, for the Purchase of the said Piece of Ground, and the Erection and Establishment of the said Buildings and Offices, and all Expences incurred in the Completion of such Contract and Purchase as aforesaid, and in obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Costs, Charges and Expences which shall have been incurred or defrayed by the said Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any time or times The said Fees hereafter, the Monies so collected for the Use of such Rooms, and reimbursing for forming such Fund as aforesaid, shall not be found fully sufficient to answer the Purpose of reimbursing the Sums so advanced Greariseal. y

1* ^for

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

When Expences under the Act shall bare been repaid, the Fees to be reduced by Great Seal.

Riotous Persons may be taken into Custody by Commissioners.

Messenger

indemnified.

[Public Act.]

C. 115, 116.

for the Purposes of this Act, then and in such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, to order and direct such further and additional Sum or Sums to be paid out of the Bankrupt's Estate and Effects for the Use of such Rooms, as shall appear to be necessary to make good such Deficiency in the said Fund, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Shillings for each and every such Meeting.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as, by the Means aforesaid, all such Sum and Sums of Money, Costs and Expences as aforesaid, shall have been fully repaid into His Majesty's Treasury, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, and he and they is and are hereby required to make such Reduction in the Amount of the several Fees and Payments hereby authorized to be charged and taken from the said Bankrupts' Estates, as he or they in his and their Discretion shall think proper, so as to leave the General or Average Annual Amount of such Fees amply' sufficient to answer and defray the Salaries, Allowances and other annual and occasional Expences of the said Establishment, hereinbefore directed to be paid and discharged thereout, and also such other Costs, Charges and annual or occasional Expences of all Proceedings under this Act, as the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal for the time being, shall think proper and direct to be defrayed or incurred for the Improvement or better carrying on of the Establishment for the Purposes intended by this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting under any Commission of Bankruptcy shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby empowered and authorized, to order and direct the Messenger or Messengers acting under their Authority in any such Commission, to take into Custody any Person or Persons who shall commit or be guilty of any Riot or Disturbance, or who shall interrupt the said Commissioners in the Exercise of their Duty, and to have such Person or Persons taken before any Alderman or Magistrate acting in the Commission of the Peace, to be dealt with according to Law; and the Warrant of such Commissioners shall be a full Authority and Indemnity to such Messenger or Messengers in so doing.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury to grant, until the End of the next Session of Parliament, a limited Provision to certain discharged Officers of the Customs.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS certain Merchants and others requiring Assistance for the more speedy unlading, discharging and De-

livery of their Goods, Wares and Merchandize in the Port of London, did voluntarily offer to give, bestow and distribute, and

n i did

1C

A.D. 1821. 1& 2 GEO. IV,

465

C. 116, 117.

did give, bestow and distribute, certain Sums of Money as Gratuities or Rewards to and among sundry Tide Surveyors and Tide Waiters and othre Officers of the Customs in the said Port of London, for their Services in the more speedy discharging A such Goods, Wares and Merchandize: And Whereas the said Officers, by accepting the said Sums of Money so offered, did render themselves liable to the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by an Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of the Reign 46 G 3. c. S2.

of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for abolishing Fees received bu certain Officers and other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs in the Port of London, and for regulating the Attendance of Officers and others so employed: And Whereas it appears that several of the said Officers served faithfully in their Offices and Employments for many Years prior to the Enforcement of the said Penalties, and that on the Enquiry made into the said Transactions the said Officers freely and voluntarily disclosed the Truth of the Facts, on an Expectation held out to them of Pardon for such their Offences Be it therefore enacted by The King'* Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Annual AI-the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of the United lowance to Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to allow for the Support of the said who have i-Officers and their Families, by any Warrant under their Hands, curred the IV-such annual Sum or Sums of Money, payable out of the Revenue naltfes of recited of Customs, as shall appear to the said Lord High Treasurer, or AcL Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, reasonable and proper under the particular Circumstances of each case, not exceeding One Half the Amount of the Salaries respectively enjoyed by such Officers as aforesaid previous to incurring the said Penalties.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in> Continuance force until the End of the next Session of Parliament. > of Act.

CAP. CXVII.

An act to continue an Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin.

[10th July 1821.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fiftieth Year of the 50 G. 3. c.c*cii. Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for the better Management of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, yfor the better Management, Support and Maintenance of the Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and for amending and further continuing an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His Majesty, for the better Management of the Workhouse and Foundling Hospital in Dublin; and the same and the several Acts therein mentioned, subject to Alterations,

were to continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One 1 & 2 Geo. IV. Hh 4 thousand >

466

C. 117, 118.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

continued.

Expences of this Act how paid.

Public Act *

54 G. 3. c. 37.

54 G. 3. c. 187.

as continued by 1 G. 4. c. 66. further continued.

thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And Whereas the said recited Act of the said Fiftieth Year will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament, and it is expedient that the same should be continued May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, passed in the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the third, and the several Acts continued by the said recited Act, as the same are amended by the said recited Act, shall be and continue in force until the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty three, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences of preparing, obtaining and passing this present Act, shall and may be paid out of the Funds arising by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fiftieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, and of the Acts thereby continued and amended.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others whomsoever, without being specially pleaded.

CAP. CXVIII.

An act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace in and near the Metropolis; and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity, for One Year.

WHEREAS Two Acts were made in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, the One intituled An Act for repealing an Act made in the Fifty first Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a 4 Justice of the Peace in such Parts <ff the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey as lie in and near the Metropolis; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; to continue in force until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and from thence until the Expiration of Six Weeks from the Commencement of the then next Session of Parliament and the other, intituled An Act to revive and continue until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty, and to amend several Acts for the more ffectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and its Vicinity; both which Acts were by an Act of the last Session of Parliament continued in force until the End of the present Session of Parliament: And Whereas it is expedient that the Provisions of the said Acts should be consolidated and amended; and that One of the Police Offices,

established by the said first recited Act, should be removed to a more convenient Site:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by The King's Most

I Excellent

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

467

Commencement and Contin nance of this Act.

The Public Offices now established continued, but instead of the Office at Shadwell a new Office to be established in Mary le bone.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Two Acts of the Fifty fourth Year aforesaid shall be and the same are hereby continued in force until and upon the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and be then repealed; and that the Provisions of this Act shall thenceforth commence and continue in force for the Term of One Year.

II. And be it enacted, That the Police Office now established in the Parish of Saint John of Wapping, commonly called "The Thames Police Office," and the several Police Offices now established in the Parishes of Saint Margaret Westminster, Saint James Westminster, Saint Andrew Holborn, Saint Leonard Shoreditch, and Saint Mary Whitechapel, in the County of Middlesex, and in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the County of Surrey, shall be continued; and that instead of the Police Office now established in the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell, a new Police Office shall be established in the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, in the said County of Middlesex; and that the several Persons heretofore appointed Justices to act or who before the Commencement of this Act shall be appointed

to execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace at the Police Offices now established under the said recited Acts, shall continue to execute the same at the said Seven first mentioned Offices, and at the said Police Office so to be established as last aforesaid, together with such other Justices of the Peace for the said Counties respectively as may think proper to attend thereat; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon every Vacancy by Death or otherwise, to appoint another fit Person, being a Justice of the Peace of the said Counties of Middlesex and Surrey respectively, to execute the Duties of a Justice of the Peace at the said several Police Offices, in lieu of the Person making such Vacancy.

III. And be it further enacted, That One or more of the said Justices so appointed shall diligently attend at each of the said Police Offices every Day, from Ten of the Clock in the Morning until Eight of the Clock in the Evening, and at such other Times and Places as shall be found necessary, and directed by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and that Two of the said Justices shall in like manner attend together at each of the said Offices, from Twelve of the Clock at

Noon until Three in the Afternoon: Provided always, that no Proviso for such Attendance shall be given on Sunday, Christmas Day, Good certain Days. Friday or any Day appointed for a Public Fast or Thanksgiving, unless in cases of urgent Necessity, or when it shall be directed by such Principal Secretary of State.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the present Receiver for the Seven Police Offices established under the said first recited Act, shall become the Receiver for the said Eight Police Offices; and that it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Vacancy in the said Office of Receiver, by Death or otherwise, to appoint any other proper Person, not being one of the Justices appointed to act at either of the said Police Offices, to be the Receiver of the said Eight Police Offices; and

Hh 2 1 o<aaie

His Majesty may appoint Justices to fill up Vacancies.

Time of Attendance of Justices.

Receiver continued, and in case of Death His Majesty may appoint another.

468

C. 118.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Duty of Receiver;

as to Account of Monies received and disbursed;

as to preparing and delivering Plans and Estimates of Contracts and Disbursements, &c.

Justices to employ Constables, subject to Approbation of Secretary of State;

and may suspend and dismiss such Constables.

Thames Police Surveyors to be

that the said Receiver for the time being shall receive all Fees, Penalties and Forfeitures, and other Sums of Money applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and shall keep an exact and particular Account of all such Monies as shall be received by him, and shall apply the same Quarterly in Discharge of the Salaries, Expences and Charges attending the said Police Offices, and in carrying this Act into Execution, and shall make all such Contracts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for purchasing, hiring, fitting up and furnishing proper and sufficient Houses and Buildings, wherein the said Eight Public Offices shall be held, in such manner as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice and Consent of His or their Privy Council, shall think proper to direct and appoint; of which Houses and Buildings so to b hired or purchased, and the Fixtures and Furniture thereof, and of all other Necessaries to be held or purchased for the Purposes of this Act, the Property acquired therein shall be vested in the Receiver for the time being, who shall and may sell, assign and dispose of the same or any Part thereof, under the like Directions and Appointment, as Occasion shall require; and such Receiver shall prepare proper Plans and Estimates of all such Contracts and Disbursements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall deliver the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department; and such Receiver shall further do and execute all such other lawful Matters and Things towards the Establishment of the said Eight Police Offices, and towards the carrying this Act into Execution, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His or their Privy Council, shall from time to time think proper to direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Justices appointed as aforesaid, or any Two of them, in their respective Offices, shall appoint, retain and employ a sufficient Number of fit and able Men for the whole Eight Offices, subject to the Approbation of His Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department; whom they are hereby authorized and empowered to swear in to act as Constables, for preserving the Peace and preventing Robberies and other Felonies, and apprehending Offenders against the Peace; which Constables so sworn shall, within the Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex and Kent, have all such Powers, Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have by virtue of any Law or Statute now made or hereafter to be made; and shall obey all such lawful Commands as they shall from time to time receive from the said Justices respectively, for the apprehending Offenders, or otherwise conducting themselves in the Execution of their Offices; and such Justices may at any Time suspend or dismiss from his Employment any such Constable attached to their respective Offices, whom they shall think remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same; and when any such Constable shall be so dismissed, or cease to belong to any of the said Offices, ail Powers and Authorities vested in him as a Constable under and by virtue of this Act shall immediately cease and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices appointed to

the

C. 118.

469

the said Thames Police Office, or any Two of them, shall (subject to such Approbation as aforesaid) , retain and employ any Number of fit and discreet Men, not exceeding Thirty, who, under the Name of Thames Police Surveyors, shall (being first duly sworn in manner above mentioned) have, within the Counties aforesaid, the Powers, Authorities, Privileges and Advantages of a Constable as aforesaid, and shall direct and inspect the Conduct of the Constables attached to the Thames Police Office, and of all Persons to be employed in and about Ships and Vessels in the said River Thames, or in or on the several Creeks, Wharfs, Quays and Landing Places thereto adjacent, and (subject to the Orders of the said last mentioned Justices) shall have Power by virtue of their Office* to enter at all Times, as well by Night as by Day, into and upon every Ship, Hoy, Barge, Lighter, Boat or other Vessel (not being then actually employed in His Majesty's Service) , lying or being in the said River or Creeks, and into every Part of every such Vessel, for the Purpose of inspecting and upon Occasion directing the Conduct of any Constable who may be stationed on board of any Vessel, and of inspecting and observing the Conduct of all other Persons who shall be employed on board of any Vessel in or about the lading or unlading thereof, as the case may be, and for the Purpose of taking all such Measures as may be necessary for providing against Fire and other Accidents, and preserving Peace and good Order on board of any such Vessel, and for the effectual Prevention in all cases of any Felonies or Misdemeanors being committed, and for the effectual Detection of any Felonies or Misdemeanors which may have been committed, or which such Surveyor may have reasonable Cause to suspect to have been committed on board any such Vessel; and the Justices appointed to the said Thames Police Office may at any Time suspend or dismiss any such Thames Police Surveyor whom they shall find remiss or negligent in the Execution of his Duty, or otherwise unfit for the same; and when any such Surveyor shall be so dismissed, or cease to belong to the said Offices, all Powers and Authorities vested in him as such Surveyor under and by virtue of this Act, shall immediately cease and determine, to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to direct that such Sum shall be issued Quarterly out of the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to the said Receiver, as will be sufficient to pay the yearly Salary of Six hundred Pounds, clear of all Fees or Deductions to each of the Justices so appointed to attend at the said Police Offices, for their Time and Trouble, and such further Sums as may be necessary for the Expences of the Offices, and for the Payment of Clerks, Constables, Surveyors and others therein employed; provided that the whole Charges attending the said Police Offices (the said Salaries being included) shall not exceed the Annual Sum of Thirty five thousand Pounds, over and above the necessary Disbursements for purchasing, hiring, repairing, fitting up and furnishing the Houses and Builaings wherein the said Offices shall be held; and that the said Receiver, out of the Monies so issued to him, shall and may pay to the Constables and Surveyors so appointed as aforer

H h 3 said,

appointed in like Manner.

Their Power and Duty,

as to Search,

preventing Fire, &c.

Justices may suspend or dismiss such Surveyors,

Justices to be allowed a Salary of 6001. per Annum.

Further Sums for Payment of Clerks, &c. Proviso as to total Amount of Charges.

Receiver to pay Constables and Surveyor Expences herein mentioned.

470

C. 1I8.

I8c2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Justice taking Fees except at the Public Offices, Penalty 1001.

Proviso for Fees for licensing Alehouses, and Fees taken at Office in Bow Street, or by Vestry Clerks, &c.

Tables of Fees to be hung up.

S6G.2. c. 14.

27G.2. c. 16.

said, for their Trouble and Attendance, such Sum as may from time to time appear reasonable to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State for the Home Department, and any extraordinary Expences they shall appear to have been necessarily put to in apprehending Offenders, and executing the Orders of the Justices acting under and by virtue of this Act; such extraordinary Expences being first examined and approved of by the Justices attending the Police Office to which such Constables shall be respectively attached, and such further Sum for rewarding the extraordinary Diligence or Exertion of any of the said Constables or Surveyors, as shall be directed by the said Principal Secretary of State.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, County of Surrey, City and Liberty of Westminster, or Liberty of the Tower of London, or his Clerk, or any Person on their Behalf, other than at the said Police Offices, shall directly or indirectly, upon any Pretence or under any Colour whatever, take or receive any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, or Recompence, for any Act by him or them done or to be done in the Execution of his or their Office or Employ as Justice of the Peace or Clerk as aforesaid, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within the Parish of Saint Mary le bone, Paddington, Saint Pancras, Kensington and Saint Luke at Chelsea, in the said County of Middlesex, upon pain of forfeiting the Sum of One hundred Pounds for every such Offence, One Moiety thereof to the said Receiver, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Fees taken at any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at any Meeting of Justices, for the Purpose of licensing Alehouses, or to any Fees taken at the Public Office in Bow Street, or to any Fees taken by any Vestry Clerk, for the Purpose of enforcing the Payment of any Taxes or Assessments arising within the same Parish, or for the Purpose of hearing and determining any Offence cognizable before Justices of the Peace, by virtue of any Statute made and provided for the special Regulation or Government of such Parish.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in some conspicuous Part of each of the said Police Office# and also of the said Public Office in Bow Street, there shall be affixed a Table of the Fees which may legally be taken at such Offices respectively, under an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the settling and ascertaining the Fees to be taken by Clerks to Justices of the Peace; and under another Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for making perpetual several Laws for Punishment of Persons destroying Turnpikes, Locks or other Works erected by Authority of Parliament; and that all Acts made for erecting Courts of Conscience shall be deemed Public Acts; and to empower a certain Number of the Trustees of the British Museum to do certain Acts; and for confirming the Tables of Fees to be

taken

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

471

Account of Fees taken at the Police Of-

Receiver, and Amount of Fees paid to him, on Oath.

taken by the Clerics to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex; and for giving further Time for the Payment of Duties omitted to be paid for the Indentures or Contracts of Clerks and Apprentices; and for filing Affidavits in the Execution of Contracts of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; and for preventing Persons driving certain Carriages from riding upon such Carriages; and Justice may re-that it shall be lawful for any Justice at such Offices respectively, fllse un' to refuse to do any Act for which any Fee shall be demandable, 1F^bcfirst unless such Fee shall be first paid; and that if any such Act shall l^Tiso^here be done, and the Fee due thereon shall not be paid, it shall be such Act done, lawful for any Justice of the Peace to summon the Person from whom such Fee shall be due, and to make Order for Payment of the same, with the Costs of the Proceedings, and in default of Payment to levy the same, with the Costs of the Distress, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Justices so appointed to attend at the said Police Offices, and their Clerks respectively, shall, in Books to be provided for that Purpose, keep a full, true gce^to be kept and particular Account of all Fees taken and received at each of an^delivered the said Offices, together with all Penalties and Forfeitures which Quarterly to shall have been recovered, levied or received in pursuance of any Adjudication, Conviction or Order, had or made at any of the said Offices, or any Process or Warrant issuing from the same; to which Books of Account the said Receiver shall at all Times have free Access; and the said Justices shall, once in every Quarter of

a Year, deliver unto such Receiver such Account, verified upon Oath by such Justice or Justices, Clerk or Clerks, or such other Person or Persons as shall be employed in keeping such Accounts respectively, or any Part thereof, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex or County of Surrey, and shall pay the Amount of all such Fees unto such Receiver, to be applied in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all such Penalties and For- AH Penalties feitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures, as are by any (except 10 Act now in force, or shall be by any future Act (unless it shall

contain express Words to the contrary) limited and made payable recovered at the to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or to any Description Police Offices, of Persons, other than the Informer or Informers who shall sue for t be paid to the the same, or any Party aggrieved, and which shall be recoverable Recmer# in a summary Way before a Justice or Justices of the Peace, and which shall be recovered or adjudged before any Justice or Justices at either of the said Police Offices, shall be accounted for and paid into the Hands of the said Receiver, by the Justice, Clerk,

Constable, Officer or other Person or Persons who shall levy or receive the same; to be applied by such Receiver in manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Justices ap- Fees and pointed as aforesaid, or any other Person having received any such Penalties not Fees at any of the said Police Offices, shall neglect to account for

and pay the same in manner aforesaid; or if any Justice, Justice's Clerk, Constable, Officer or other Person, who shall levy or receive ing resigned, such Penalties or Forfeitures, or Shares of Penalties or Forfeitures, &c. do not ac-shall neglect to pay the same into the Hands of such Receiver in countfor Money manner aforesaid; or if any Person having resigned any such Office Hw^Tuctiver

H h 4 of '

C. 118.

1 & 23 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

may sue for the same.

Defendant held to special

Bail.

Accounts may be referred in such Action.

Receiver may sue for Money in the Hands of deceased, or resigning or removed Receivers, and recover from Executors.

Pleading in such Actions.

of Receiver, or having been removed from the same, shall neglect, within Twenty one Days after Notice for that Purpose, to account for and pay into the Hands of the succeeding Receiver all such Sums of Money as shall remain in his Hands applicable to the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for such Receiver for the time being, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, to sue for and recover the same, with Double Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, in which Action it shall be sufficient for such Receiver to declare as for Money had and received to the Use of such Receiver for the Purposes of this Act; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action may, at the Discretion of any Judge of such Court, be held to special Bail, in such competent Sum as such Judge shall order and direct; and in any such Action the Court in which such Action shall be brought may, if such Court shall think proper, at the Instance of either of the Parties, refer the Account in dispute, in a summary manner, to be audited by any Officer of the Court, or other fit Person, at their Discretion, who may examine both Plaintiff and Defendant upon Oath (which Oath the said Referee shall have Power to administer) , and upon the Report of such Referee, unless either of the Parties shall shew good Cause to the contrary, such Court may make a Rule, either for the Payment of such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due, or for staying the Proceedings in such Cause, and upon such Terms and Conditions as to the same Court shall appear reasonable and just; or may order Judgment to be entered up by Confession, for such Sum as upon such Report shall appear to be due.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any such Receiver, or of any Person having resigned or been removed from such Office, or of any of the other Persons whom the said Receiver for the time being is authorized to sue as aforesaid, in every such case the Receiver for the time being may, in his own proper Name only, or by his Name and Description of Office, sue for and recover such Sum of Money as shall have been remaining in the Hands of such deceased Receiver or other Person, applicable to the Purposes of this Act, or the Executors or Administrators of suqh Person deceased; in which Action it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Deceased was indebted to the Plaintiff for Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, or that the Deceased died possessed of Money had and received for the Purposes of this Act, whereby an Action accrued to the Plaintiff to demand and have the same of such Executors or Administrators; and the like Action shall and may be brought against any Executors or Administrators of Executors or Administrators; in all which Actions the Defendant or Defendants may plead in like manner, and avail themselves of the like Matters in their Defence, as in any Action founded upon Simple Contracts of the original Testator or Intestate; and in all Actions to be brought by such Receiver by virtue of this Act, Proof of the Plaintiff's acting in the Execution of such Office shall be sufficient Evidence of his holding the same, unless the contrary shall be shewn in Evidence by the Defendant or Defendants in such Action.

XIV. Aad

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

47S

XIV. And be it further enacted, That such Receiver shall every Receiver to Three Months, and offcener if required, deliver to the Lord High account to Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Treasury Quar-the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time if mri'eA being, a full and particular Account of all Monies by him received

and paid as aforesaid, with Vouchers for the same; which Account

shall be verified upon Oath before some Justice or Baron of One of

His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and such Receiver Allowance to

for his Care and Pains in the Execution of such Office, shall and Receiw *

may retain to his own Use, out of the Monies so received by him

as aforesaid, such Sum not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, as

His Majesty, His Heir9 and Successors, by and with the Advice

of His or Their Privy Council, shall direct and appoint: Provided Proviso as to

always, that if at the End of any Year there shall be any Surplus Surplus.

in the Hands of such Receiver, he shall pay the Amount of such

Surplus into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, and the

same shall be carried to and made Part of the said Consolidated

Fund.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Justice appointed as Justices not to

aforesaid shall, during his Continuance in such Appointment, be sitinParlia-capable of being elected or of sitting as a Member of the House of.

Commons; and that no Justice, Receiver, Surveyor or Constable R^e^Sur-appointed by virtue of this Act, shall, during the Time that he *eyororCon- shall continue in his Office respectively, or within Six Months stable to vote or after he shall have quitted the same, be capable of giving his influence at Vote for the Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the c.erUm Elec Counties of Middlesex or Surrey, or for the City and Liberty of Uon% Westminster, or the Borough of Southwark, respectively; nor shall,

by Word, Message, Writing or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Member to serve in Parliament for the said Counties, City or Borough; and every such Justice, Receiver, Surveyor or Constable offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety penalty looL thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoign,

Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; such Action to be brought within the Space of One Year after such Offence committed: Provided nevertheless, Proviso, that nothing in this Act shall extend to subject any such Justice,

Receiver, Surveyor or Constable, to any Penalty for any Act done by him at or concerning any of the said Elections, in the Discharge of his Duty in the said respective Capacities.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where by any Law now Proviso for Acts in being, or hereafter to be made, any Act is directed or autho- done by Justice rized to be done by any Justice or Justices of the Peace residing next

in or near or next the Parish or Place where any Offence, or other Police office* Matter cognizable before them, shall be committed or shall arise, the same Jurisdiction shall and may be exercised by a Justice or Justices acting in such of the said Police Offices as may be situated next or near such Parish or Place.

XVII.-And t

, by

C. 118.

I & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

His Majesty in Council may alter the Situation of Offices.

Regulation of Coffee Shops, &c.

Unduly keeping the same open, Penalty or Imprisonment.

Application of Penalty.

Proviso for Houses licensed for Sale of Wines and Spirits.

Blowing of -Horns, &c.

XVII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by and with the Advice of His 'or Their Privy Council, to make such Alterations in the Places where any of the said Police Offices shall be situated, or to make such Alterations in the Hours of Attendance therein, and to make all such other Regulations to be observed in conducting the same, as He or They from time to time shall think proper.

XVIII. And Whereas it hath become a Practice of late to open Shops or Rooms for the Sale, or under the Pretence of selling, ready made Coffee, Tea and other Liquors, and to keep such Shops or Rooms open during the Whole or the greatest Part of the Night, thereby affording Shelter and Accommodation to Thieves, Prostitutes and other disorderly Persons, and tending greatly to the Encouragement of Robberies, and to the Concealment of stolen Property; Be it further enacted, That no Shop, Room or Place for the Purpose aforesaid, within the City of London or the Liberties thereof, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or within any of the Parishes hereinbefore mentioned, shall be kept open after the Hour of Eleven o'clock at Night during any Part of the Year, nor opened before the Hour of Four o'Clock in the Morning between Lady Day and Michaelmas; or before Six o'Clock in the Morning between Michaelmas and Lady Day; and if any such Shop, Room or Place shall be open within the Hours hereinbefore prohibited, or being shut up, if any Person shall during those Hours be found therein, except the Persons actually dwelling there, or having lawful Excuse for being there, then the Master, Mistress, Waiter or other Person having the Care, Government or Management of such Shop, Room or Place, whether he or she be the real Owner or Keeper thereof or not, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, upon Conviction of any such Offence before any Justice of the Peace, by Confession or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and if the Party so convicted shall not immediately pay the said Penalty, the Justice shall commit him or her to hard Labour in the House of Correction for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Months, unless the said Penalty shall he sooner paid; and the said Penalty, when paid, shall he distributed, One Moiety to the Informer, the other Moiety to the Chamberlain of the City of London, if the Offence he committed in the said City or the Liberties thereof; and if out of the said City and Liberties, then the other Moiety to the said Receiver for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall apply to or affect any House duly licensed for the Sale of Wines and Spirituous Liquors; and that no such Conviction shall exempt the Owner, Keeper or Manager of any such Shop, Room or Place from any Penalty or penal Consequence whereto he or she may be liable for keeping a disoderly House.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, or within the Limits and Parishes aforesaid, blow any Horn or use any other noisy Instrument for the Purpose of hawking, selling or distributing any Article whatsoever, it shall be lawful for any Constable, Headborough, Patrole, Watchman or other Person, to ap-

13 prebend

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

475

prebend every Person so offending, and convey him before any

Justice of the Peace, who shall proceed to examine upon Oath

any Witnesses appearing to give Evidence touching such Offence;

and if the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, then Penalty.

and in every such case he shall for every such Offence forfeit

and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and not less than

Ten Shillings, to be applied in such Manner as such Justice shall

direct; and in case the Offender shall not upon Conviction forth- If not paid,

with pay the Penalty, such Justice is hereby required to commit Punishment.

such Offender to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard

Labour for any Time not exceeding Ten Days, unless the Penalty

shall be sooner paid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Conviction for the Offences aforesaid shall be in the following Form of Words, or in some other Form of Words to the like Effect:

TJE it remembered, That on the Day of Form of Con-

in the Year of our Lord *iction.

4 A.B. is brought before me [or, having been duly summoned has neglected to.appear before me,] C.Z). Esquire, One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of 4 [or, City, or Liberty or Place, as the case may be,] and

is charged before me the said Justice with having [here describe the Offence, '] and it appearing to me the said Justice, upon the Confession of him the said A.B.

[or, upon the Oath of a credible Witness, as the case may be,] that the said A.B, is guilty of the said Offence; I do therefore adjudge the said A.B. to forfeit and pay the Sum of; and in

Default of Payment, to be imprisoned in the House of Correction at and there kept to hard Labour for the

Term of, unless the said Penalty shall be

sooner paid; and I do hereby direct, that the said Penalty shall,

when paid, be applied to [here direct the Mode]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above written/

XXI. And Whereas ill disposed and suspected Persons and reputed Thieves frequent the Parks, Fields, Streets, Highways and Places adjacent, and divers Places of public Resort, and the Avenues leading thereto, within the City of London and the Liberries thereof, the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the said Parishes of Saint Mary le done, Paddington, Saint Pancras, Kensington and Saint Luke at Chelsea, and also the said River Thames, and the Docks and Creeks, Quays and Warehouses adjacent thereto, and the Streets, Highways and Avenues leading to the said River, Docks, Creeks, Quays and Warehouses, with Intent to commit Felony on the Persons or Property of His Majesty's Subjects; and although their evil Purposes are sufficiently manifest, the Power of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, to demand of them Sureties for their good Behaviour, hath not been of sufficient Effect to prevent them from carrying their evil Purposes into Execution; Be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Constable, Constables may Headborough, Patrole, Watchman or other Person to apprehend apprehend sus-every such suspected Person or reputed Thief, and convey him *?* ^c?ns or her before any Justice of the Peace; and if it shall appear before

476

C. 118.

10 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proceedings

thereon.

17 G. 2. c.S.

Form of Conviction.

Conviction not quathed

the said Justice, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, that such Person is a Person of evil Fame and a reputed Thief, and such Person shall not be able to give a satisfactory Account of himself or herself, and of his or her Way of Living, and it shall also appear to the Satisfaction of the said Justice, that there is just ground to believe that such Person was in or on such Park, Field, Street, Highway, River, Dock, Creek, Quay, Warehouse, Avenue or other Place as aforesaid, with such Intent as aforesaid, every such Person shall be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond within the Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, and to Houses of Correction.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Conviction shall be in the following Form of Words, or in some other Form of Words to the like Effect:

UE it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of our Lord A.B.

is brought before me C.D. Esquire, one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of [or. City,

Liberty or Place, as the case may be,] and charged before me the said Justice with being a Rogue and Vagabond, he the said A.B.

having been apprehended on the Day of

in a certain called in the Parish of

in the said County [or, City, et cetera, as the case may be']; and

it appearing to me the said Justice, on the Oath of

a credible witness, that the said A.B. is a Person

of evil Fame and a reputed Thief, and the said A.B. on his Examination before me, not being able to give a satisfactory Account of himself, or of his Way of Living, and it also appearing to the Satisfaction of me the said Justice, that there is just ground to believe that the said A.B. was in such as aforesaid, with Intent to commit Felony on the Person or Property of His Majesty's Subjects there being; I do therefore, ' in pursuance of an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of King George the Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act] convict him the said A.B. of the said Offence, and adjudge him to be a Rogue and Vagabond, within the

Intent and Meaning of the Statute made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled An Act to amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds and other idle and disorderly Persons, ' and to Houses of Correction; and that he for his said Offence be committed to the House of Correction for the said County, 4 until the next General [or Quarter, as the case may be] Sessions

of the Peace to be holden for the said County [City or Place, as the case may be], then and there to be further dealt with according to Law.

[If the Party be committed for a less time than

until the Sessions, then say, there to remain for the Space of 4 .] Given under ray Hand and Seal, the Day

and Year first above written.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Conviction under

rst23 GEO. IV. C. 118.

477

this Act, for any of the Offences aforesaid, shall be quashed or set aside, or adjudged void or insufficient, for Want of any other Form of Words whatever; nor shall the same be removed by Certiorari into His Majesty's Court of King's Bench; but that if any Person shall think himself aggrieved thereby, such Person may' appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or City wherein the cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Person at the time of his Conviction entering into a Recognizance with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned personally to appear at the said Sessions to try such Appeal, and to abide the further Judgment of the Justices at such Sessions assembled; and in case any such Conviction of a reputed Thief shall be affirmed at such Sessions, the said Justices may adjudge the Offender to be a Rogue and Vagabond, and proceed against him or her in the same Manner as they might have done if such Rogue and Vagabond had been committed to the House of Correction until such General or Quarter Sessions; and in case such Offender shall not appear pursuant to the said Recognizance, the Person so convicted by such Justice shall be deemed an incorrigible Rogue, within the Intent and Meaning of the said last recited Act; and the Justices at such Sessions, or any Two of them, shall issue their Warrant to apprehend and commit the Person so deemed an incorrigible Rogue to some House of Correction or Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, there to remain until the next General or Quarter Sessions for the said County, Liberty or City, as the case may be, then and there to be further dealt with according to Law.

XXIV. And Whereas it is expedient that the Officers of the said Public Office in Bow Street, and the Horse and Foot Patrole acting under the Orders of the Chief Magistrate of that Office,

shall be sworn in as Constables, and be empowered to act within

the said several Counties of Middlesex, Surrey, Essex and Kent; 1 Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Chief Magistrate to administer to such Persons respectively an Oath duly to execute the Office of Constable within tire Counties aforesaid; and each of such Persons, being sworn, shall have Power to act as a Constable for the Preservation of the Peace, and for the Security of Property against felonious and other unlawful Modes of obtaining the same, within any and every of the said several Counties, and for apprehending Offenders against the Peace, as well by Night as by Day; and shall have all such Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Advantages, as any Constable duly appointed now has or hereafter may have within his Constablewick: Provided always, that when any such Constable shall be dismissed from his said Employment, or cease to belong to the said Public Office in Bow Street, all Powers and Authorities, Allowances, Emoluments, Privileges and Advantages, vested in the Person so dismissed or ceasing to belong to the said Office, shall immediately cease and determine.

XXV. And be it further enacted, For the Purpose of ensuring Competency and Fidelity in the Watchmen and Pafroles employed by the Aldermen and Common Council of the City of London, and the Vestries and other Parochial and local Authorities, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and the Parishes

hereinbefore

for Want of Form, or removable by Certiorari.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions, &c.

17 G. 2. c. 5.

Officers and Patroles of Bow Street Office to act as Constables in Middlesex, &c.

Proviso for Dismissal.

Regulations of Parish Watchmen, &c.

478

C. 118.

1& 2a GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Two Justice* may suspend or dismiss.

Power of Justices to appoint, when Aldermen and Common Council of Ward do not.

Age of Watchmen, &c.

Allowance to

sttperannuated

Watchmen.

Power to Constables, &c. at Watch Houses to take Bail at Night without Fee.

hereinbefore mentioned, when any case of Incompetency, Negligence, Misconduct or Delinquency shall appear to any Two Justices of the Peace acting within the said City or Limits, and Parishes, against any such Watchman or Patrole, it shall be lawful for the said Two Justices, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to declare the same, and to pronounce the Man so found incompetent or guilty of such Negligence, Misconduct or Delinquency, to be either suspended for a limited time, or absolutely dismissed from his Office, as they shall think proper; and to give Notice of such Suspension or Dismissal to the Aldermen and Common Council of the Ward if in the City of London, or to the Vestry or other Authority by whom such Watchman or Patrole was appointed; and every such Watchman or Patrole shall be incapable of being reappointed either for the same or any other Ward, Parish or Place while such Suspension or Dismissal shall remain in force; and if no Watchman or Patrole shall be appointed by the Aldermen and Common Council of the Ward, or by the Vestry or other proper Authority, at their next Meeting after such Notice shall be delivered to the Deputy of the Ward, or to the Clerk or Secretary of h\\ch Vestry or other proper Authority, or left at the House or Office where their Business is usually transacted, the said Justices shall appoint a Successor, who shall exercise and enjoy the said Duties and Powers, and receive the same Pay, Emolument and Allowances as if regularly appointed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no man shall hereafter be appointed within the Limits and Parishes aforesaid by any Authority whatsoever, to be a Watchman or Patrole, who shall be above the Age of Forty Years, unless he shall have been previously and up to the time of such Appointment employed in the said Horse or Foot Patrole.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Alderman and Common Council of the respective Wards in the City of London and Liberties thereof, to make such Allowance to superannuated Watchmen, Beadles or Patroles, as they shall think proper, to be paid out of the Watch Hate to be raised in such Wards respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better Administration of the Police within the Limits and Parishes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Constable or Headborough attending at any Watch House within those Limits and Parishes, between the Hours of Eight in the Afternoon and Six in the Forenoon, to take Bail by Recognizance, without any Fee or Reward, from any Person who shall be brought into his Custody within the said Hours, without the Warrant of a Justice, charged with any petty Misdemeanor, if such Constable shall deem it prudent to take such Bail for the Appearance of suqh Person before the Justices at the said Public Office in Bow Street, or at One of the said Police Offices to be specified in the Recognizance for Examination, at the Hour of 1?en in the Forenoon next after such Recognizance shall he taken, unless that Hour shall fall on a Sunday, or on One of the Days of Absence allowed by this Act, and in that case at the like Hour on the succeeding Day; and that every Recognizance so to be taken, shall be of equal Obligation on the Parties

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

479

entering into the same, and liable to the same Proceedings for the estreating thereof, as if the same had been taken before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and the Constable or Headborough shall enter in a Book to be kept for that Purpose in every Watch House the Names, Residence and Occupation of the Party and his Sureties entering into such Recognizance, together with the Condition thereof, and the Sums respectively acknowledged, and shall lay the same before such Justice as shall be present at the time and Place when and where the Party is required to appear; and if the Party does not appear In Default of at the Time and Place required, or within One Hour after, the Appearance Justice shall cause a Record of the Recognizance to be drawn ^*anc up, to be signed by the Constable or Headborough, and shall return the same to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, with a Certificate at the Back thereof, signed by such Justice, that the Party has not complied with the Obligation therein contained, and the Clerk of the Peace shall make the like Estreats and Schedules of every such Recognizance as of Recognizances forfeited in the Sessions of the Peace; and if the Party T*rae of Hear- not appearing shall apply, by any Person on his Behalf, to post- ln3 pone the Hearing of the Charge against him, and the Justice P08*?0 shall think fit to consent thereto, the Justice shall be at Liberty to enlarge the Recognizance to such further time as he shall appoint; and when the Matter shall be heard and determined, either by On hearing, the Dismissal of the Complaint, or by binding the Party over to answer the Matter thereof, at the Sessions or otherwise, the Recognizance for the Party's Appearance before the Justices shall be discharged without Fee or Reward.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Damaging, &c.

wilfully destroy or damage, or endeavour to destroy or damage, xiiamas or be wilfully concerned in destroying or damaging, or endeavouring to destroy or damage any Boat belonging to or hired or employed by or by the Authority of the Justices appointed to

attend at the Thames Police Office, or any Part of the Sails, Oars or other Tackle, Stores, Goods or Furniture contained in or belonging to any such Boat, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every Boat so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be destroyed or damaged, or of which any of the Tackle or other Contents shall have been so destroyed or damaged, or attempted to be destroyed or damaged, any Sum not exceeding Thirty Pounds, or shall suffer Imprisonment for any time not ex- Penalty or Im ceeding Three Months over and above any such Damages as may prisonment. be recoverable by Action at Law against any such Offender.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Surveyors hav-every such Thames Police Surveyor (subject to the Orders of the in8 JU5t Cause said Justices appointed to attend the Thames Police Office) , having pe|"pe^a just Cause to suspect that any Felony has been or is about to be enter committed in or on board of any Ship, Hoy, Barge, Lighter, Boat sels and take up or other Vessel, lying or being in the said River, Docks or Creeks, suspected Per-to enter at all times, as well by Night as by Day, into and upon ns and seise every such Ship, Hoy, Barge, Lighter, Boat or other Vessel, and the ^P11^ therein to take all necessary Measures for the effectual Prevention

or Detection of all Felonies which he has just Cause to suspect to have been or to be about to be committed in and upon the said

Rivejtfnc

480

C. 118.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder may be searched for and seised.

12 G. 3. c. Cl.

Where Boats are suspected to have stolen Ropes, &c. on board, they may be detained.

Persons suspected of having conveyed stolen Articles on board.

Proceedings.

Constables, &c. may seize Ropes, &c. suspected to be stolen from out of Vessels in the River, nnd carry Persons concerned before a Justice, &c.

River, Docks or Creeks, and to apprehend and detain all Person* suspected of being concerned in such Felonies, and also all Property so suspected to be stolen, and the same to produce before some Justice, to be dealt with according to Law.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every such Thames Police Surveyor, at any time between Sun rising and Sun setting, to enter any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty's Ships) in the said River, Docks and Creeks, and to search the same for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder, and also to exercise the same Powers of seizing, removing to proper Places and detaining all such unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder found on board any such Ship or Vessel, and the Barrels or other Packages in which such Gunpowder shall be, as are given to Persons searching for unlawful Quantities of Gunpowder under a Warrant of a Justice by virtue of an Act passed in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to regulate the making, keeping and Carriage of Gunpowder within Great Britain, and to repeal the Laws heretofore made for any of those Purposes.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Thames Police Constable or Surveyor, or any other Peace Officer within his Jurisdiction, to stop, search and detain in some Place of Safety any Boat which there shall be Reason to suspect of having any Ropes, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Materials or any Part of any Cargo or Lading, stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft, in the said River, Docks or Creeks, or from any Wharf, Quay or Landing Place, adjacent to the said River, Docks or Creeks; and also to apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended and detained, any Person who may be reasonably suspected of having or conveying any such Articles in such Boat; and such Person so apprehended shall be (as soon as conveniently may be) conveyed before some Justice of the Peace; and if such Person shall not produce the Party or Parties from whom he or she bought or received such Articles, or some credible Ferson, to depose upon Oath the Sale or Delivery thereof, or shall not give an Account to the Satisfaction of such Justice how he or she came by the same, then the Person so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned; and such Boat, with her Tackle, Apparel, Furniture and Loading, shall, upon such Conviction, be forfeited and disposed of as is hereinafter directed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Thames Police Constable and Surveyor, and every other Peace Officer within his Jurisdiction, shall and may apprehend and detain, or cause to be apprehended and detained, every Person who may reasonably be suspected of having or carrying any "Hopes, Cordage, Tackle, Apparel, Furniture, Stores, Materials or any Part of any Cargo or Lading, stolen or unlawfully procured from or out of any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft in the said River, Docks or Creeks, or from any Wharf, Quay or Landing Place adjacent to the said River, Docks or Creeks, and also shall and may seize all such Articles and detain them in some Place of Safety, and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, convey, or cause every Person so apprehended to be conveyed before some Justice of the Peace; and if by

A.D. 1822.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

481

such Person shall not produce the Party or Parties from whom he Proceedings or she bought or received such Articles, or some credible Person thereon, to depose upon Oath the Sale or Delivery thereof, or shall not give an Account, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, how he or she came by the same, then the Person so apprehended shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if on Information On Information given on Oath it shall appear to any Justice that there is reason- that there is able Cause for suspecting that any Materials, Furniture, Stores *son*[)le or any Part of the Cargo of any Ship or Vessel lying or being in the said River, Docks or Creeks, or any Stores belonging to His Qf the Cargo of Majesty, or consigned to any Person for His Majesty's Service, any Vessel or have been stolen or unlawfully obtained from or out of any such any of His Ma-Ship or Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft, lying or being in the said Store8

River, Docks or Creeks, or from any Wharf, Quay or other Landing Place adjacent to the same, or from or in the Way to or from tained, an(i are any Warehouse into or from which such Articles had been remov- concealed, ing or removed to or from any such Wharf, Quay or Landing Place, and that such Articles, after having been so stolen or unlawfully obtained, are concealed or otherwise lodged in any Dwelling House, Warehouse, Yard, Garden or any other Place, it shall be Proceedings, lawful for such Justice, by special Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Thames Police Constable or Surveyor as aforesaid, or other Constable within his Jurisdiction, to cause every such Place to be searched at any time of the Day, or by Night, if Power for that Purpose be especially given in and by such Warrant; and the said Justice, if it shall appear to him necessary, may moreover empower such Constable or Surveyor, with any such Assistance as to the said Justice may appear or by such Constable or Surveyor may be found necessary fsuch Constable or Surveyor having previously made known such nis Authority) , to use force for the effecting of such Entry, whether by breaking open Doors or otherwise; and if upon Search there- Constable, &c. upon made any such suspected Article shall be found, then to may break open convey the same forthwith to and before a Justice, or to guard Goods ^dSe2C the same on the Spot while the Offenders are taken before- a s Justice, or otherwise dispose thereof in some Place of Safety, subject to the Orders of a Justice in manner above mentioned; and moreover to apprehend and convey before the said Justice ami apprehend the Person or Persons in whose House, Lodging or other Place, ^ersons h.avl, *s the same shall so have been found, as also every other Person custody &c found in such House, Lodging or Place, who shall appear to have '

been privy to the depositing of such Article in such Place, knowing or having reasonable Cause to suspect the same to have been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained; and if such Persons re- Proceedings spectively shall not immediately, or within some reasonable time thereon, to be assigned by the Justice, make it appear, to the Satisfaction of the Justice, by what lawful Means such Article or Articles came to be deposited or situated in such Place as aforesaid, without any Default on the Part of such Persons respectively, or that they respectively did not know that the same were, or by what Means the same were deposited or situated in such Place, then and in such case the Person or Persons in whose House, Lodging I Sr 2 Geo. IV. I i or

482

C. 118.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Misdemeanor.

Party from whom Good* bought to be examined by the Justice.

If Goods are found to be unlawfully obtained, Misdemeanor.

Masters of Vessels between Westminster Bridge and Black wall, haring on boai d Guns loaded with Ball, ot discharging Guns befoi e Sun rising or after Sun setting. Penalty. Heating of Tar and other combustible Matter on boaid of Vessels.

Penalty. Justice may summon Party accused, and Witnesses;

or Issue Warrant.

or other Place, any such suspected Article was found, and also every other Person so appearing to have been privy to the depositing thereof, knowing or having Cause to suspect the same to hare been stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person, on being so produced before any Justice to give an Account of any Articles seized and detained, in any of the Cases aforesaid, snail declare himself or herself to have bought, received or otherwise obtained such Articles of some other Person, such Justice is hereby authorized and required to examine every such other Person, and also every other prior Purchaser or pretended Purchaser; and if upon the whole of the Evidence, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of such Justice, that the Party so suspected at the time of his or her receiving such Articles into his or her Possession, did believe or had reasonable Cause to believe that the same were at any time and by any Person unlawfully come by or obtained, it shall be lawful for such Justice to adjudge suck Party to be guilty of Misdemeanor, and the Party so convicted shall thereupon suffer as hereinafter mentioned.

XXXVI. And for the more effectual Prevention of Accidents by Fire and other Mischiefs upon the said River, be it further enacted, That if any Master or Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel (except His Majesty's Ships) shall, while such Ship or Vessel shall lie or be in the said River between Bridge and Blackmail, keep any Gun on board such Ship or Vessel shotted or loaded with Ball, or cause or permit to be fired or discharged any Gun on board such Ship or Vessel, before Sun rising or after Sun setting, such Master, Commander or other Officer shall for every such Gun so kept shotted or loaded forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings; and for every Gun so fired or discharged, the Sum of Ten Shillings; and if any Master, Commander or other Officer of any such Ship or Vessel, or any other Person on board of the same, or any Person on board of any Barge, Lighter, Boat or other Craft or Vessel, shall, while such Snip, Barge, Lighter, Boat, Craft or Vessel shall lie or be in the said River between Westminster Bridge and Blackmail, heat or melt, or cause or permit to be heated or melted by Fire, Logger heat Shot, or any other Means, on board any Ship, Barge, Lighter, Boat, Craft or Vessel whatever, any Pitch, Tar, Rosin, Grease, Tallow, Oil or other combustible Matter, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and any One of the Justices appointed to attend at the Thames Police Office, or any other Justice within his Jurisdiction, is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf, within Ten Days next after any such Offence shall have been committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, or after Oath made of the Commission of any of the Facts above mentioned by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to issue a Warrant to apprehend the Party accused, and upon the Party's Appearance Or Contempt in not appearing (upon the Proof of Notice given) such Justice shall proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses on

Oath,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

Oath, and upon due Proof thereof, either by the voluntary Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to give Judgment or Sentence; and in case the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain for any time not exceeding the Space of Two Months, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid; and if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by the Judgment of any such Justice, he may appeal to the next Court of General Quarter Sessions for the County or City where such Offence shall have been committed, on giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Security, to the Satisfaction of such Justice, for prosecuting such Appeal with Effect, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and the said Court are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear imd determine' the Matter, and in case the Judgment shall be affirmed, to award the Person appealing to pay such Costs occasioned by such Appeal as shall seem meet; and One Moiety of all Money recovered on account of every such Penalty shall be distributed at the Discretion of the Justice making the Conviction, to such Person or Persons as he shall judge to have been instrumental in detecting and prosecuting the Offender.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who for the Purpose of protecting or preventing any Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles whatsoever from being seized, on Suspicion of their being stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, or of preventing the same from being produced or made to serve as Evidence of or concerning any Felony or Misdemeanor, shall frame or cause to be framed, or be anywise concerned in framing or causing to be framed any Bill of Parcels containing any false Statement in regard to the Name or Abode of any alleged Vendor, the Quantity or Quality of any Goods, the Place from whence, or the Conveyance by which the same were furnished, the Price agreed upon or charged for the same, or any other Particular, knowing such Statement to be false, or who shall fraudulently produce such Bill of Parcels knowing the same to have been fraudulently framed, shall be adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned, and may moreover, at the Discretion of any Justice in whose Jurisdiction such Offence shall be committed, be published and advertised as a Fabricator of false Bills of Parcels, or as a convicted or reputed Receiver of Goods stolen or otherwise unlawfully obtained, as the case may be.

XXXVIII. And Whereas, for the Purpose of increasing the Facility of Depredation, it hath been a common Practice among

Persons concerned in the landing and warehousing of Mer-

chandize from on board Ships and Vessels in the said River,

wilfully to injure and promote the opening and breaking of

Casks, Bags and other Packages, and the spilling of their Contents For Remedy thereof, be it further enacted, That if any Person employed in the loading and landing or warehousing of any Goods or any other Person, shall wilfully or through culpable Negligence or Carelessness, cause or suffer or be concerned in causing or suffering to be broken, bruised, pierced, started, cut, torn or otherwise injured, any Cask, Box, Chest, Bag or other

I i 2 Package,

I

483

If Penalty not paid. Commitment.

Appeal.

Notice.

Cotta.

Application ot Penalty.

Framing a false Bill of Parcels to escape Detection deemed a Misdemeanor;

and Offender may be advertised by Justice.

Breaking, he. Packages, with an Intent that the Contents may be spilled.

e

C. 1I8.

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

A-.D. 1821.

Misdemeanor.

Wilfully letting fall Articles into the Thames, or into a Boat, &c. with fraudulent Intention, Misdemeanor;

or without Order, &c. of Owner, or Person having Charge thereof.

Constable, &c. may seise Boat, &c. and apprehend Person.

Proceedings.

Misdemeanor.

For Offences declared Misdemeanors, and for which no Penalty is ap-

Package, containing or being designed and prepared for containing any Goods while on board of any Barge, Lighter or other Craft lying or being in the said River, or any Dock, Creek, Quay, Wharf or Landing Place adjacent to the same, or in the Way to or from any Warehouse to or from which such Package shall have been removed, shall be removing or about to be removed, with Intent that the Contents of such Package or any Part thereof may be spilled or dropped from such Package, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if for the Purpose of preventing the Seizure or Discovery of any Materials, Furniture, Stores or Merchandize belonging to or having been Part of the Cargo of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Rrver, or the Docks or Creeks adjacent thereto, or of any other Articles unlawfully obtained from any such Ship or Vessel, any such or any other Article shall be wilfully let fall or thrown into the River or in any other Manner directly or purposely conveyed away or endeavoured to be conveyed away from any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter, Craft, Wharf, Quay or other Landing Place, every Person being Party, Privy or Accessary to such letting fall, throwing or Conveyance, or to any previous Instructions or premeditated Design, so to let fall, throw or convey away any such Article with any such Purpose as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor; and if any Article whatever of apparent Value shall be wilfully let fall, thrown, conveyed away or endeavoured to be conveyed away from any Ship, Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft, into any other Boat, Barge, Lighter or Craft, or from any Wharf, Quay or other Landing Place, without the Order, Assent or Privity of the Owner, or of the Person having the lawful Charge of such Article, it shall be lawful for any such Thames Police Constable or Surveyor, or for any Constable of the City of London, within the Jurisdiction of the said City, to seize, apprehend and secure any such Boat, Barge, Lighter or other Craft in which such Article shall be so let fall, thrown or conveyed away, and every Person therein, or who by reason of his or her nearness to the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall be reasonably suspected by such Constable or Surveyor of being Party, Privy or Accessary thereto, and forthwith to convey every such Person so apprehended before One of the said Justices appointed to attend at the Thames Police Office, or some other Justice in whose Jurisdiction such Offence shall be committed; and if upon Examination it shall not be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Justice before whom the Offender shall be carried, that such letting fall, throwing or conveying away, or endeavour to convey away, proceeded either from mere Accident or from some lawful Cause, and not from any such fraudulent or evasive Design as aforesaid, every Person so appearing to be Party, Privy or Accessary as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a Misdemeanor, and shall suffer as hereinafter mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That for every Offence hereinbefore declared to be a Misdemeanor, or for which no special Penalty is hereinbefore appointed, the Offender shall, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom the Conviction shall take place,

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118. 485

Offences declared Misdemeanors by whom to be tried.

either forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds or suffer pointed, Of-Imprisonment for any time not exceeding Two Months in any Gaol fenders to for-or House of Correction within the Jurisdiction of such Justice; and feit not e*!-in case of the Adjudication of a pecuniary Penalty and Nonpay- !, g 5.1'* ment thereof, it shall be lawful for such Justice to Commit the imi>nson Offender to any Gaol or House of Correction for the like Term, unless such Penalty shall be sooner paid; and one Moiety of every Application of such pecuniary Penalty shall be paid to such Receiver as aforesaid Penalty, for the Purposes of this Act, and the other Moiety thereof, under the Direction of the Justice by whom the same shall have been adjudged, shall either be paid and applied to the Use of the Informer alone or be distributed between such Persons as shall have contributed to the Conviction of the Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as such Justice shall think fit.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in every case in which Complaint shall be made or Information given of any Offence by this Act declared to be a Misdemeanor, or for which any pecuniary Penalty is hereinbefore appointed, with or without Imprisonment in addition thereto or in lieu thereof, the Matter of such Complaint or Information, if the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender apprehended within the Jurisdiction of the City of London, may be heard and determined by the Lord Mayor, Recorder or One of the Aldermen of the said City, and, not elsewhere; but if the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender apprehended out of the said Jurisdiction, such Complaint or Information may be heard and determined, either by One of the Justices appointed to the Thames Police Office as aforesaid, or by any other Justice within whose Jurisdiction the Offence shall have been committed or the Offender apprehended; and every Conviction thereupon had, shall be certified, filed and entered in such manner as is directed in and by an Act of the Second Year of His late Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames, with respect to Convictions under that Act, and may also be drawn up in such Form and Manner, mutatis mutandis, as is appointed in and by the said Act; and neither such Conviction, nor any Proceeding previous thereto, shall be removed by Certiorari or otherwise into any Court of Record, but such Conviction shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

1 XLII. And Whereas the Punishments for Misdemeanors provided in and by the said Act of the Second Year of His late

Majesty's Reign have been found insufficient for the preventing

of such Offences; Be it enacted, That every Person who shall be guilty of any of the Offences respectively made and declared to be Misdemeanors in and by the said Act, may be punished at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices by or before whom the Offender shall be convicted, either with the Punishment appointed in and by the said Act, or by such other Punishment as is hereby appointed for and in cases of Offences declared to be Misdemeanors in and by this present Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in all cases in which it is directed by the said last recited Act, that any Boat with her Tackle and Appurtenances, which shall be forfeited, shall be burnt

Ii 3 and

Convictions certified as under 2 G. 3. C. 28.

No Certiorari.

How Misdemeanors under 2 G. 3. c. 28. to be punished.

Forfeited Boats may be burnt, or restored or sold.

486

C. 118.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

How Produce of Sale applied.

Disputes about Wages for Labour dona on the River, &c. (except Trinity Ballast* men,) to be settled by Justices of Thames Police Office, provided the Sum in question does not exceed 51.

Who may summon Parties herein named.

On Refusal, &c. to attend Summons, Warrant.

Examination upon Oath.

Costa.

and destroyed, it shall be lawful for any Justice before whom any Person shall have been convicted of any Offence, whereby any Boat is or should be adjudged to be forfeited under that Act, and also for any Justice by whom any Boat shall be adjudged to be forfeited under this Act, either to direct such Boat, with her Tackle and Appurtenances, to be burnt and destroyed, or to be restored to the Owners thereof, or to be publicly sold, and the Produce of such Sale to be applied in like manner as all other cases of Forfeitures under this Act.

XLIV. And Whereas Disputes frequently arise between Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Ballastmen, Coal Whippers, Coal Porters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights, Caulkers and other Labourers who work for Hire in or upon the said River,

and the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays and Places adjacent,

respecting Wages or Money due to them for Work, and the Owners, Masters or Commanders of Vessels and their Agents,

and the Owners, Wharfingers or Occupiers of such Wharfs or Quays and their Agents and other Persons employing such Labourers Be it further enacted, That all Differences, Complaints and Disputes which shall happen and arise between any Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Ballastmen, (except Trinity Ballastmen,) Coal Whippers, Coal Porters, Sailors, Lumpers, Riggers, Shipwrights, Caulkers or other Labourers who work for Hire in or upon the said River, or the Docks, Creeks, Wharfs, Quays or Places adjacent, and the Owners, Masters or Commanders of Vessels or their Agents on the said River, or the Docks or Creeks thereunto adjoining, or the Owners, Wharfingers or Occupiers of such Wharfs or Quays or their Agents or other Employers, respecting Wages or Money due to such Labourers for Work, whether the same Persons be employed for any certain Time or in any other manner, shall be heard and determined by the Justices appointed to the Thames Police Office or any One of them, or any other Justice within his Jurisdiction; and every such Justice is hereby empowered to summon before him any such Master or Commander of any Vessel, or any such Owner thereof or his Agent, or the Owner, Wharfinger or Occupier of any Wharf or Quay or their respective Agents, or any other Employer; and if any such Master, Commander, Owner, Wharfinger, Occupier, Agent or Employer, shall refuse or neglect to attend such Summons, then every such Justice is hereby empowered to issue his Warrant to bring such Person summoned before him, to answer such Complaint, and to examine upon Oath any such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman, (other than any Trinity Ballastman,) Coal Whipper, Coal Porter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer or any other Witness or Witnesses, touching any such Complaint or Dispute, and to make such Order for Payment of so much Wages to such Bargeman, Lighterman, Waterman, Ballastman (other than any Trinity Ballastman,) Coal Whipper, Coal Porter, Sailor, Lumper, Rigger, Shipwright, Caulker or other Labourer, as to such Justice shall seem just and reasonable; provided that the Sum ordered do not exceed Five Pounds, besides all reasonable Costs attending the Prosecution of the Complaint, which Costs the Justice is empowered to order; and in case of Refusal to pay, or Nonpayment of any

Sum

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 118.

487

Sum so ordered by the Space of Twenty four Hours next after

such Determination, such Justice may issue forth his Warrant to

levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of Distrev.

the Person ordered to pay the same, together with the Charges

of such Distress and Sale; and if no sufficient Distress shall be Inprisonment.

found, such Justice shall commit the Person ordered to make

such Payment to Prison, for any Time not exceeding One Month,

unless the Sum so ordered shall be sooner paid; and every such Order final.

Order shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes,

and shall not be removable by Certiorari or otherwise into any

Court whatsoever.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Jurisdiction for herein contained shall extend to authorize or empower any Justice, determining except the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Recorder of the City of Jv^oraboiIt London for the time being or some or one of them, to hear and j abour \n determine any such Differences, Complaints or Disputes as shall ondon, &c. or may arise for or in* respect of any Employment* or Work done within the said City of London or the Suburbs and Liberties thereof, or on board of any Ship, Hoy, Barge, Lighter, Boat or other Vessel, lying or being on the North Side of the River, between the Tower of London and the Western Extremity of the Temple adjoining Essex Street, in the County of Middlesex.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no- Proviso for thing in this Act shall extend to deprive the Lord Mayor and Clty

Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, of any Right, 0 1-0 n* Privilege or Jurisdiction heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed within the Town and Borough of Southwark or the Liberties thereof, or to prevent the said Lord Mayor for the time being, or such of the Aldermen of the said City as have borne the Office of Mayoralty, or the Recorder of the said City for the time being, from acting as Justices of the Peace within the said Town and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made; nor to deprive the Lord Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, of any Right, Privilege,

Immunity or Jurisdiction, which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed upon the said River, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being as Conservator of the said River; nor to prevent the said Lord Mayor and the said Aldermen and Recorder of the said City, from acting as Justices of the Peace upon the said River or taking Cognizance of Offenders committed upon or within the Limits of the same, in such manner as they might or would have done in case this Act had not been made.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing And for the in this Act shall extend to deprive the Dean and Chapter of the Dean and High Collegiate Church of Saint Peter Westminster, or the High Steward or High Bailiff of the City and Liberty of Westminster for the time 68 being, or their respective lawful Deputy, of any Rights, Privileges or Jurisdictions, which they have heretofore lawfully claimed, exercised or enjoyed, within the said City and Liberty, in such and the like manner as they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made.

I i 4 XLVIII. Pro-

C. 118, 119.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

And for Rights of the Trinity Brethreu, &c. of Deptford Strond.

Public Act

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing . in this Act contained shall extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights, Privileges or Authorities of the Master, Warden and Assistants of the Guild, Fraternity or Brotherhood of the most glorious and undivided Trinity, and of Saint Clement, in the Parish of Deptford Strond, in the County of Kent,

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act; and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without the same being specially pleaded.

His Majesty era powered to grant an Annuity of 60001. to the Duke of Clarence, to commence from April 5. 1818.

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to make further Provision for His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence.

[11th July 1821.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland in Parliament assembled, having taken into Consideratron the Message of His Royal Highness The Prince Regent,

acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His late Majesty, of the Thirteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, communicating that His Royal Highness The Prince Regent, acting in the Name and on the Behalf of His Majesty, 4 having given the Royal Consent to a Marriage between His Royal Highness the Duke of Clarence and the Princess of Saxe Meiningen, eldest Daughter of the reigning Duke of Saxe Mci- 4 ningeny was desirous of making a suitable Provision with a View to the said MarriageDo most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for The King s Most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Patent under the Great Seal of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to give and grant unto His said Royal Highness the Duke of Clarenccy for and during His Majesty's Royal Will and Pleasure, an Annuity or Yearly Sum of Six thousand rounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, in such Proportions and in such Manner and Form as His Majesty in His Wisdom shall think fit to direct and appoint the same; which Annuity shall commence and take effect from the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eighteen, and shall be paid and payable Quarterly, in equal Portions, at the Four most usual Days of Payment in the Year; (that is to say,) the Fifth Day of July, the Tenth Day of October, the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of April, in each and every Year; and that the said Annuity shall and may, in and by such Letters Patent, be directed to be issuing and payable out of and chargeable upon the Consolidated Fund of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sums as have been directed to be paid out of the same by any Act or Acts of Parliament made previous to the time of passing

this

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IY. C. 119, 120.

489

this Act,) but with Preference to all other Payments which shall or may, at any time or times after the passing of this Act, be charged upon and payable out of the said Fund.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity shall be Annuity pay* paid and payable, during the Continuance thereof, at the Receipt *ble.mtthe of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster; and the Auditor of

the said Receipt shall and he is hereby required, by virtue of such WI Letters Patent, to make forth and pass Debentures from time to time for paying the said Annuity during the Continuance of the same, and as the same shall become due and payable, without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same or any Part thereof; and the said Debentures, to be made forth and passed as aforesaid, shall be a sufficient Authority to the several and respective Officers of the Receipt of the Exchequer now and for the time being, for the Payment of the said Annuity as the same shall take effect according to the Directions of this Act, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Annuity, and every Tax free. Part thereof, shall be free and clear from all Taxes, Rates and Assessments, and all other Charges whatever, imposed or to be imposed by Authority of Parliament or otherwise.

CAP. CXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

[11th July 1821.]

C This Act is the same as 1 G. 4. c. 72. except as to Dates and Sums, and the Sections that are here inserted.]

XXVII. AND be it further enacted, That all and every Person Licensed Per-and Persons to whom such last mentioned Licence or Licences sons in Great shall be granted in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, pursuant Britain or Ire-to this Act, shall before the last Day of drawing each Lottery, if there shall be more than One Day of drawing thereof, and if there shares cer-shall be only One Day of drawing then before that Day, deposit at tain Number of the Office or Place to be appointed in manner hereinafter mentioned Tickets in each by the Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England and Ireland re- of the Lctuns^ spectively, and divide into Shares, One hundred and twenty whole ^i undrawn Tickets in each of the Lotteries established as aforesaid, for such Licence granted to him, her or them, if only One such Licence be granted, and if Two or more such Licences be granted to the same Person or Persons, then and in that case he, she or they shall, before the Drawing begins, deposit at the Office aforesaid, and divide into Shares, One hundred Tickets for each such Licence, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, in England, or One hundred such Tickets in Ireland, when the Lottery shall consist of Twenty thousand Tickets ot upwards, and so in proportion for any smaller Number; and every such Licence, for which no such respective Deposit shall be made, shall be void and of no Effect; and every Person acting under any such Licence, in any of the Matters therein contained, after such Default made, shall be adjudged and considered in every respect as an unlicensed Person; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Stamp Duties in England and Ireland respectively, and

4-90

C. 120.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Persons dividing Tickets into Shares, &c. contrary to Licence, shall forfeit 1001.

Treasury may authorize Persons to divide Tickets into Shares without Licence from Sump Office.

No Tickets to be sold but such as are authorized, nor Shares or Chances other than Halves, Quarters, Eighths and Sixteenths. Penalty 501.

Chances to be in the following

they are hereby required, upon every such Default, to cause to be published the Names and Places of Abode, and the Description of the Offices of such Person or Persons making such Default as aforesaid, in the London or Dublin Gazette respectively, and declare therein the time when such Default was made, and such Forfeiture shall take place from the Time of such Publication.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall divide Tickets into Shares, or issue Chances, without the Authority of such Licence as aforesaid, or in any other House or Place besides that named in the Licence, or in any other manner contrary to such Licence, or to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of One hundred Pounds: Provided always, that if the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall sell or authorize to be sold any Number of Tickets to the Public without the Intervention of a Contractor or Contractors, nothing in this Act contained shall be deemed to prevent any Person authorized by the said Commissioners aforesaid dividing Tickets into Shares, and selling the same, without a Licence from the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper for the Time bein in England or Ireland, so as the Shares be stamped as is herein directed and prescribed, and such Persons act under Regulations to be established by the said Commissioners.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall sell any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, in any Lottery or Lotteries, except such as are or shall be authorized by this or some other Act of Parliament to be sold, or shall publisft any Proposal or Scheme for the Sale of any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, except such Lottery or Lotteries as shall be authorized as aforesaid, or shall sell any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, in any Lottery to be drawn in pursuance of this Act, in any other Proportion or Proportions than One Half, Quarter, Eighth or Sixteenth Part or Share only; or shall publish any Proposal or Scheme for selling any Share or Shares, or enter into any Agreement or Agreements for any Share or Shares of any Ticket or Tickets, Chance or Chances, in the said respective Lotteries, in any other Proportion than One Half, Quarter, Eighth or Sixteenth Part or Share; such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be deemed a Rogue and Vagabond, or Rogues and Vagabonds, and shall be punished as such in the manner hereinafter directed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fo any Person or Persons, so licensed as aforesaid, to issue and sell the Chance of any particular Benefit or Benefits that may belong to any Ticket in any of the said Lotteries, or the Chance of all the Benefits that may belong to any such Ticket, except any particular Benefit or Benefits which shall be specified, and that every such Chance or Agreement for such Chance shall be made out, written or printed in Words or Figures to this Effect; (that is to say,)

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 120. 491

 FIRST, SECOND, THIRD, IV O. n-=^=s f A FOURTH, FIFTH, SIXTH 111 or SEVENTH LOTTERY, [a* the case may be,] One thousand eight hundred and twenty one.

THE Bearer of this Chance will receive the Ticket numbered as above, now deposited at the Stamp Office in London [or i Dublin, as the case may &e], if entitled to any Benefit above

or under (or to any Benefit whatever, save and

except, specifying the Exception, as the case may be).

A.B.

Licensed as the Act directs.

Form;

And that it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons so licensed as aforesaid, (by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose, at the Foot of any Lottery Scheme hereafter approved or to be approved,) to divide the Chance of any Ticket or Chances of any Tickets into Shares thereof in the same Way and in the same Proportions as Tickets are authorized to be divided into Shares by this Act, and to sell the same in any of the said Lotteries; provided that the same Regulations are observed as with respect to the Shares of Tickets are directed to be observed by this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the leaving and depositing of any Lottery Ticket or Chance at or in the said Office with the said Receiver General in England or Ireland respectively, or such Person or Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall so leave and deposit the same shall pay to the said Receiver General, or the Person or Persons so to be appointed by him as aforesaid, the Sum of Two Pence for every Snare into which such Ticket shall be divided, or for the Chance which shall be issued thereupon as aforesaid.

L. And be it further enacted, That every Ticket so deposited as aforesaid in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for the Purpose of being sold in Shares, shall be detained, and remain in the Custody of the Receiver General, or of the Person or Persons with whom the same shall have been deposited as aforesaid in pursuance of the Provisions of this Act, until the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Day on which the same shall be drawn, if not entitled to a greater Benefit than Fifty Pounds; or until the Expiration of Twenty one Days after the Day on winch the same shall have been drawn, if entitled to a greater Benefit than Fifty Pounds; at the Expiration of which Time, the same shall be delivered back to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or his, her or their Executors or Administrators, on returning the Receipt which shall have been given for the same as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for any Person holding any Share or Shares in any such Ticket, to give Notice to the Receiver General, or Person or Persons in whose Custody the same shall be, not to deliver or return the same until such Share or Shares, or the Value thereof, shall have been paid and satisfied, or Security given for the Payment thereof to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Stamps in Great Britain or Ireland respectively; and thereupon it shall

be

which Chance* (with Consent of Treasury) may be sold.

Fee to Receiver General for each Chance deposited.

Tickets deposited in Great Britain or Ireland for the Purpose of being sold in Shares, to continue in Possession of Receiver General for the Periods herein mentioned.

492

C. 120.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Tickets deposited maybe delivered back on the Chances being produced; and where Permission is given by the Treasury to divide Chances into Shares, Tickets to be delivered back in like Manner.

be lawful for the said Receiver General, or the Person or Persons having the Custody of the Ticket or Chance in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and he and they are hereby respectively required, upon such Notice, and upon such Share or Shares being deposited with the Receiver General, or such other Person as aforesaid, to detain such Ticket or Chance accordingly, until the Share or Shares so deposited shall be paid or satisfied, or such Security given as aforesaid; and in Default thereof it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or other Person having the Custody of such Ticket, to receive the Prize Money or Benefit which may belong thereto, when the same shall become payable under this Act, and to pay a due Proportion thereof to the Person or Persons who shall have deposited such Share or Shares, and the Residue to the original Proprietor or Proprietors of such Ticket; and in case any Ticket so deposited as aforesaid shall remain unclaimed at the End of Two Years from the Day of the Drawing thereof, the Prize Money or Benefit belonging thereto shall be received by the said Receiver General for the time being, and shall be applied in defraying the Expences of the Stamp Office in executing this Act, and otherwise in such manner as is hereinafter mentioned.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or other Person with whom any Ticket shall have been deposited by any licensed Person for the Purpose of issuing a Chance thereupon as aforesaid, to deliver back such Ticket at any Time before the same shall be drawn to the Person who shall have deposited the same, upon his producing the stamped Chance of any such Ticket, and alsb the Stamp Office Receipt for the same, to be cancelled; and that in the same manner, if Permission shall have been given by Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to divide Chances into Shares thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or other Person with whom any Chance of a Ticket shall have been deposited by any licensed Person for the Purpose of issuing Shares thereof as aforesaid, to deliver back such Chance of a Ticket, at any Time before the same shall be drawn, to the Person who shall have deposited the same, upon his producing all the stamped Shares of such Chance of a Ticket, and also the Stamp Office Receipt for the same, that the whole or so much of such Receipt as relates to such Chance of a Ticket may be cancelled; and that it shall be lawful for the said Receiver General, or other Person as above mentioned, in like Manner, after the same Chance of a Ticket shall have been drawn, to deliver the same to the original Proprietor thereof at the End of Fourteen Days, if the Holders of the Shares of such Chance shall not be entitled thereto, upon his delivering up the Stamp Office Receipt for the same, to be cancelled.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 121.

493

CAP. CXXI.

An Act to alter and abolish certain Forms of Proceedings in the Exchequer and Audit Office, relative to Public Accountants, and for making further Provisions for the Purpose of facilitating and expediting the passing of Public Accounts in Great Britain; and to render perpetual and amend an Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of certain Colonial Revenues.

[lltli July 1821.]

WHEREAS it hath been found by Experience, that great Inconvenience, and much unnecessary Labour, Expence

and Delay, are occasioned in the passing of Public Accounts,

by reason of certain Forms and froceedings relating thereto,

which are required by Law, or by the ancient Course and Practice of various Offices in the Receipt and in the Court of His

Majesty's Exchequer, and in the Audit Office, to the manifest

Injury as well of the Public Service as of the Individual Accountant; and it is expedient, for Remedy thereof, that certain i of the said Forms and Proceedings should be abolished, and that others of them should be rendered more efficient for the Purposes for which they were designed Be it therefore enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That instead of the General Imprest Certificates of Monies General Unissued at the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, by way of prt Certifi-Imprest or upon Account, which have heretofore been made out and transmitted Half Yearly to the Commissioners for auditing the chequer Four" Public Accounts, General Imprest Certificates of all Monies so Times a Year issued shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand instead of Half eight hundred and twenty one, be made out in the Office of the Yearly; Auditor of the said Exchequer, Four Times in each Year, for the Four Quarterly Periods ending the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of Julu and the Tenth Day of October, in every Year; and shall be signed by him or his Chief Clerk, and be examined in the Office of the Clerk of the Pells, and be signed by his Deputy; which said Certificates shall respectively contain and to distin-an Account of all Monies issued at the Receipt of His Majesty's 8u"h Date and Exchequer, by way of Imprest or upon Account, during the preceding Quarter, and shall specify and distinguish the Date and J^eVin the Amount of every such Issue made within that Period, and whether English Lenin Money or in Exchequer Bills; and such Quarterly General Im- guageand in prest Certificates shall be transmitted to the aforesaid Commis- common Cha-sioners, within Thirty Days after each of the said quarterly Days respectively; and all such quarterly Imprest Certificates, which, j^Nu^rals from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight or Figure *, hundred and twenty one, shall be made out and transmitted to the said Commissioners, shall be written in the English Language in a common legible Hand and Character, and the several Sums of Money expressed therein as the Amounts of the several Issues, as well as the Dates of such Issues, shall be written and described

C. 121.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proviso for Transmission of General Imf-prest Rolls Half Yearly into Exchequer, and for Accountants demanding Special Imprest Rolls, &c. Exception.

25 G. S. c. 52.

46 G. S. c. 141.

The ordinary Process of issuing Writs of Distringas ad Computandum, from the Office of the King's Remembrancer of Exchequer discontinued.

in common Numerals or Figures, any thing in any Act or Acts now in force, or in the ancient Course or Usage of the Exchequer, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent the regular Transmission of the General Imprest Rolls, Half Yearly, to the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, according to the ancient Usage of the Exchequer; nor to prevent any Person or Persons to whom any Monies may have* been issued by way of Imprest and upon Account, from demanding from the Office of the Auditor of the Exchequer a Special Imprest Certificate, or Special Imprest Certificates of all Monies so issued to him or them; and all such Special Imprest Certificates, which shall be demanded after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, shall be made out in such Manner and Form as herein is directed in regard to the said Quarterly General Imprest Certificates; save and except only that such Special Imprest Certificate may contain the Whole of the Issues made to any Person or Persons for the same Service for the Space of One Year.

III. And Whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom* and of another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for making more effectual Provision for the more speedy and regular Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, certain Powers are vested in the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for compelling all Persons accounting before them to deliver in their Accounts: And Whereas Writs of Distringas ad Computandum, with certain Schedules annexed, commonly called the Ordinary Process, still continue to be issued after Hilary and Trinity Terms in every Year, from the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer to the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex, although Proceedings have very rarely been had

thereupon; and the said Process hath therefore long since become in a great Degree nugatory and useless Be it therefore enacted, That the Practice of issuing such Process, in regard to Persons liable to account before the said Commissioners, and all Proceedings, Acts, Matters and Things whatsoever, heretofore used or practised in the Office of His Majesty's said Remembrancer in relation thereto, shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty onfe, be discontinued, and be no longer used or practised in the said Office; any thing in any Act or Acts now in force, or in the ancient Course or Usage of the Exchequer, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas the said Commissioners for auditing the

Public Accounts are required by Law or by ancient Usage to 6 make and transmit at various times of the Year, to His Majesty's ' Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, certain Accounts, ' Certificates, Lists and Copies or Extracts of Documents in their Office: And Whereas the said Practice hath been found by Experience to be attended with Inconvenience to the Public Service,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 181.

495

without answering any useful Purpose Be it therefore enacted,

That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight No Accounts, hundred and twenty one, no Accounts or Copies, or Extracts of &c. to be trans-Accounts, nor any Certificates or Lists, nor any Copies or Extracts .fr?m tho

of any Documents in the Office of the said Commissioners, shall ofAudiT^tte be made up and transmitted by them to the said Remembrancer, office of the other than and except such as may be required to be transmitted King's Remem-to that Officer by the said recited Acts of the Twenty fifth and brancer, except Forty sixth Years of His late Majesty, or under the Provisions of *uch."^y 5* this Act, or such as the said Commissioners may in their Discretion ^orision/of 6 deem it useful or expedient for the Public Service to continue to 350.3. c. 52., transmit to the said Remembrancer, and which, when so trans- 46 G. 3. c. 141. mitted, shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes ftnd this Act. as if their transmission had been expressly directed by this Act.

V. And Whereas by the said recited Acts of the Twenty

fifth and Forty sixth Years of His late Majesty, and by another 45 G. S. c. 55.

Act passed in the Forty fifth Year of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better examining and auditing the Public Accounts of this Kingdom, and for enabling the Commissioners in certain cases to allow of Vouchers, although not stamped according to Law, certain Public Officers therein named, and every other Public Officer who shall pay, issue or deliver to any Person or Persons whomsoever, Money for Public Services by way of Imprest or upon Account, are required to transmit to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, periodically at

the times therein specified, Certificates or Accounts of all Sums so paid, issued or delivered as aforesaid, in order that such Persons may forthwith be put in Charge, and rendered accountable for the same: And Whereas the Practice of setting Persons insuver in declared Accounts, hath by reason thereof been

rendered of no real Utility Be it therefore enacted, That from Setting Persons

and after the Fifth Day 0/ Jtdy One thousand eight hundred and de *

twenty one, the Practice by which Persons have heretofore been

set insuper in the declared Accounts of any Principal Accountant, in respect of any Public Monies which may have been paid, issued and delivered to them by such Principal Accountants by way of Imprest, and upon Account, shall cease and be wholly discontinued: Provided always, that if the said Commissioners shall, in Commissioners the Exercise of their Discretion, -deem it expedient for the Public may transmit Service that the Name or Names of any such Person or Persons Certificate con. so rendered accountable as aforesaid should be entered as a Public *"5 Names Accountant or Public Accountants on the General Imprest Roll ?n of His Majesty's Exchequer, then and in every such case it shall Amount of be lawful for the said Commissioners to transmit a Certificate, Sums with containing the Name of every such Person, and the total Amount which they are of the Sums with which he is become chargeable, and also the Name of the Principal Accountant by whom such Sum or Sums n^mbnmcer. was or were paid, issued or delivered to him, to His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, who shall, upon the Receipt of such Certificate, cause the same to be inrolled in his To be inrolled. Office, and such Inrolraent shall be and be deemed a Record in -his Office, as valid and effectual to enable any Process or Processes in the Law against the Party so rendered chargeable, and

C. 121.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

to and for all other Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Party had been then actually returned an insuper Accountant in any declared Account duly inrolled as of Record in his Office.

Treasury may

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall direct Certifi- appear to the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, that Public Officers1 lt will for Benefit of the Public Service that the said Cer-to be transmitted tificates or Accounts, which by the said recited Acts of the Twenty to Commission- fifth, Forty fifth and Forty sixth Years of His late Majesty, or any ere of Audit at of them, are required to be periodically transmitted by the re-than Tsnowb spective Public Officers therein mentioned to the said Commis-Law directed.^ sioners for auditing the Public Accounts, should be so transmitted at any other shorter Periods than those respectively prescribed in the said Acts, it shall be lawful for the said High Treasurer or the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, to order and direct that the said Certificates or Accounts shall be transmitted by such Public Officers respectively to the said Commissioners, at such shorter Periods as shall or may be specified in such Warrant; and every such Order and Direction shall be as valid and effectual, and shall be obeyed, observed and kept in such and the same Manner to all ' Intents and Purposes as if the same had been expressly ordered

and directed by this Act.

VII. And Whereas much unnecessary Labour and Expence to the Public are occasioned in the Office of the Commissioners

Regulations for making out Accounts for Declaration to be transmitted to Exchequer and inrolled.

After Inrolment, Account to be returned to Office of Commissioners

for auditing the Public Accounts, by the Practice of making up c and transcribing two Parts of every Account, one on Paper, and

the other on Parchment, for the Purpose of being presented

for Declaration before the Chancellor of the Exchequer: And

Whereas the passing of declared Accounts, through the respective Offices of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and of the ' Clerk of the Pipe, is attended with great Inconvenience, and ' much unnecessary Delay and Expence, without answering any Purpose of real Utility For Remedy thereof be it enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, one Part only of every Account shall be made up and transcribed in the said Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for the Purpose of being presented for Declaration before the Chancellor of His Majesty's Exchequer, which Account shall be written on Paper in the English Language, in common Characters, and the several Sums of Money expressed therein shall be written and described in common Numerals or Figures; and every such Account, after the same shall have been declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer, and been signed by Two or more of the other Commissioners of the Treasury, shall be transmitted to the Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer of the Court of Exchequer, and shall there be inrolled as of Record, in like Manner in all Respects as the Part of every Account transcribed on Parchment hath heretofore been inrolled; and after Inrolment thereof, every such Account, instead of being transmitted to the Office of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and from thence to the Office of the Clerk of (he Pipe, shall be returned to the Office of the

1 & T GEO. IV. C. 121. 497

brancecor Clerk of the Pipe.

Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, where the same for auditing shall finally remain deposited, and be carefully preserved and Public Ac-kept, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in counts# anywise notwithstanding; and the Inrolraent of such declared Accounts in the said Office of His Majesty's Remembrancer shall be as valid and effectual for enabling the Proceeding for and Recovery of any Balances and Interest due or to become due thereon, and for all other Purposes whatever in anywise v

concerning or relating to such Accounts, as if the same had been also recorded in the Office of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer and of the Clerk of the Pipe, according to the Course of the Exchequer before the passing of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case The King's Re-it shall at any time be found necessary, for the due Proceeding membrancer, if in any Suit, Action or Process at Law in His Majesty's Court

of Exchequer arising upon or out of any Account so declared or Ex.

and inrolled as aforesaid, that such Account or any Part thereof, tracts of the or any Abstract thereof or Extract therefrom, should become and Inrolment of be made matter of Record in the Offices of the Lord Treasurer's in

Remembrancer, and of the Clerk of the Pipe, or in either of

them, then and in every such case His Majesty's Remembrancer being^recorded of the Court of Exchequer, or his Deputy, shall and he is herein the Offices of by required, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, the Lord Trea-to cause a true and exact Copy to be made from the Inrolment in his Office of such Account, or of such Part or Parts thereof as may be required, and shall certify the same to be a true Copy or Extract of such Inrolment, under his Hand, and shall cause such Copy or Extract so certified to be transmitted to the said Office of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, who shall thereupon cause the same to be inrolled as of Record in his Office, and certify, either by himself or his sufficient Deputy, such Inrolment at the Foot or on the Back thereof, and if necessary, cause the same to be transmitted to the Office of the Clerk of the Pipe, who shall also cause the same, together with the Certificate of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, or of his Deputy, to be inrolled as of Record in his Office; and such respective Inrolments as of Record in the said Offices of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and of the Clerk of the Pipe, shall be and be deemed as valid and effectual, and shall and may be applied and made use of in such and the like manner, for or towards the due Proceeding in any such Suit, Action or Process at Law, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, as any Record of any declared Account made before the passing of this Act in the said Offices, or either of them, according to the ancient Course and Practice Qf the Exchequer hath heretofore been deemed valid and effectual, or could or might be applied or made use of for or towards the due Proceeding in any such Suit, Action or Process at Law, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth The Certificate Day of October One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, of the Com-whenever any Account shall have been declared before the miaaoners of Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Commissioners for auditing the Account Public Accounts shall, as soon as conveniently may be after such to the Quie-Declaration, cause a Certificate thereof to be made out, which tus of the A'* shall contain the Date of such Declaration, the total Amount of countau-

I & 2 Geo. IV. K k n the t

by

498

C. 121.

l&2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proviso where Balance appears.

Where Estate of Public Accountant sold under Writ of Extent, &c. and Purchase Money paid, Entry to be made by Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts in the declared Accounts.

the Sams forming the Charge and Discharge Parts of the said Account, together with the Amount of the Balance (if any) either indebted or in Surplusage; or in case there should be no such Balance, then the words " Even and Quit*' shall be inserted in the said Certificate, which shall be signed by any two or more of the said Commissioners, and shall be delivered to the Accountant, or to any Person duly applying for the same on his Behalf, without any Fee or Reward whatsoever being demanded for the same; and every such Certificate, so made out and signed as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual to discharge the Accountant, either in the whole or for so much of the Monies with which he was originally chargeable, as shall therein appear to have been duly accounted for, and for all other Purposes whatsoever relating to or concerning the said Account, as if a Quietus or Abstract of the said Account had duly issued from the Office of the Clerk of the Pipe, according to the Course of His Majesty's Exchequer in use before the passing of this Act; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that when the Account so declared shall be a sole or a final Account, and a Balance shall appear thereby to be due from the Accountant, the said Commissioners shall not make or grant such Certificate as aforesaid, until the Accountant shall have satisfied them, by the Production of a Tally or other sufficient Document, that he hath discharged the full Amount of such Balance, and all Interest due thereon, or that he hath been relieved from the Payment thereof, or of so much thereof as shall not have been paid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all cases where any Estate belonging to a Public Accountant shall be sold under any Writ of Extent, or any Decree or Order of the Courts of Chancery or Exchequer, and the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or of any Part thereof, shall have paid his, her or their Purchase Money into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, an Entry of such Payment shall be made by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts in the declared Account of such Public Accountant, and from and after such Payment and Entry as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her and their Heirs and Assigns, shall be wholly exonerated and discharged from all further Claims of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for or in respect of any Debt arising upon such declared Account, although his, her or their Purchase Money shall not be sufficient in Amount to discharge the Whole of the said Debt.

XL. And Whereas the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer and

the Clerk of the Pipe, and such of the Officers and Clerks in those Offices respectively, to whom any Fees or Proportions of Fees were before the passing of this Act payable by Law or ancient Usage on Inrolment or otherwise, in respect of all

Accounts examined and audited in the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, willrby reason of the Provisions of this Act, from and after the Fifth Day of July One

thousand eight hundred and twenty one, lose all Benefit and

Advantage whatever arising from such Fees or Proportions of Fees; and it is just and reasonable that some Compensation

should be made for the Loss thereof, to the Persons now holding

IB the

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 121

499

the said Offices of Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer and of the

Clerk of the Pipe, and also to such of the Officers and Clerks now being in their said respective Offices, as may respectively

be in the actual Enjoyment of or entitled by Law or the ancient

Usage of Office to succeed to those Situations in the said Offices,

in respect of which the said Fees or Proportions of Fees were

payable Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to order and direct that such annual or other Compensations shall from time to time be made to the Persons now holding the Offices of Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer and Clerk of the Pipe, and to such respective Officers or Clerks in those Offices as aforesaid, for the Loss of Fees or Proportions of Fees which they will respectively sustain by reason of the Provisions of this Act, as to the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall seem just and reasonable; which Compensation, in case the same shall be annual, shall commence from the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one; and all such Compensations, whether annual or in gross, shall be payable by the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, out of the same Fund as the Fees now payable in those respective Offices on the passing of Public Accounts are paid: Provided always, that no such Compensation shall be allowed to continue beyond the Lives of the respective Individuals, who at the Time of the passing of this Act were either in the actual Receipt and Enjoyment of the Fees or Proportions of Fees for which such Compensations may respectively have been granted, or of the Individuals now entitled by Law or the ancient Usage of Office to succeed to those Situations in the said Offices, in respect of which such Fees or Proportion of Fees were before the passing of this Act respectively payable: Provided also, that no such Compensation shall be considered as finally and conclusively granted, until the same shall have been first submitted to Parliament.

XII. And be it further enacted, That for the better enabling the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to form a correct Judgment of the Nature and Amount of the Compensations which it may be reasonable and proper to grant to the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer and Clerk of the Pipe, and to any of their Officers or Clerks, for the Loss of Fees on the passing of Public Accounts, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or any Two of them, under the Direction of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to call before them any Person or Persons whomsoever, and to examine them upon Oath, which Oath any Two of the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts are hereby empowered to administer, in regard to the Nature, Legality and Amount of the Fees on the passing of Public Accounts, in respect of which any such Compensation as aforesaid may be claimed, and as to the Grounds of such Claim, and to transmit the said Examinations to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for their Information and Consideration, previously to the Grant of any such Compensations as aforesaid.

XIII. And Whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize His

Kk Majesty-

Treasury may allow Compensation as herein limited for the Loss of Fees in the Office of the Lord Treasurer's Remembrancer, and the Clerk of the Pipe;

to Ixj submitted to Parliament.

The Commissioners of Audit may examine Persons upon Oath as to the Nature and Amount of Fees on passing of Public Accounts.

41 G.8. Sess. 1. c. 22.

?le

500

C. 121-

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

46 G. 3. c. 80.

48 G.3. c. 91.

His Majesty may revoke Commission for Examination of West India Accounts, and direct that One of the Commissioners therein shall be an additional Commissioner for auditing the Public Accounts.

Majesty to appoint Commissioners for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of Public Expenditure for His Majesty i 4 Forces in the West Indies, during the present War; and of another Act passed in the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty,

intituled An Act to provide for the more effectual Examination of Accounts of the Expenditure of the Public Money in the West Indies, and for the better Discovery of Frauds and Abuses therein,

certain Commissioners were appointed by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for examining and investigating the Public Accounts of Military Expenditure in the West Indies,

incurred from the First Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety three until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, and for inquiring into all Frauds and Abuses committed by any Persons whatever concerned in such Expenditure: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts <f Public Expenditure in the West Indies more speedily to investigate the said Accounts, further Provision was made for the more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts: And Whereas the Number of Commissioners appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts of His late Majesty,

for the Examination of Accounts of Expenditure in the West Indies, hath, by Deaths or Vacancies, otherwise occasioned,

been reduced to Three: And Whereas there are still depending in the Office of the said Commissioners Accounts of Expenditure incurred in the West Indies, up to the Expiration of Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of | 4 Peace with America, to a very considerable Amount, the Examination whereof hath not yet been completed; Be it further enacted, That in case His Majesty shall deem it for the good of the Public Service that the Accounts still depending unexamined in the Office of the Commissioners for examining the Accounts of Expenditure in the West Indies should be transferred for their further and final Examination and Audit to the Office of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, then and in such case it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by His Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to revoke the Commission appointing such Commissioners for the Examination of Accounts of Expenditure in the West Indies; and by the same Letters Patent, to order and direct that One of the said Commissioners shall from thenceforth be and be deemed to be a Commissioner for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, in addition to the Number of Commissioners authorized by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, and such additional Commissioner shall from thenceforth hold his Office by the same Tenure, and be invested with the same Powers and Authorities, and shall have and receive the same Salary, payable in the same manner, and shall be and be deemed a Commissioner for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, as fully and effectually to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes as if he had been appointed a Commissioner for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned

501 A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 12 P.

Act; any thing therein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and Vacancy not after the Date of such Letters Patent as aforesaid, no Vacancy filled up with* which may arise in the Number of the Commissioners for auditing out Authority the Public Accounts shall be filled up by the Appointment of any , nta^umtoof other Commissioners, without the further Authority of an Act of Commissioners Parliament for the Purpose of authorizing such Appointment, until reduced to Five, the Number of such Commissioners shall be reduced to Five or

less, in which case His Majesty may from time to time, as often as any such Vacancy shall happen, appoint new Commissioners, so as to keep up their Number always at Six.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case and whenever If His Majesty His Majesty shall revoke the Commission for appointing Commis- shall revoke tha sioners for the Examination of Accounts of Expenditure in the West West Indies, and shall direct that One of the Commissioners shall

be an additional Commissioner for auditing the Public Accounts m^ITSe^* of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer lationa inAudit or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Office.

Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, to transfer to the Establishment of the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain such of the Officers and Clerks now employed in the Office for examining the Accounts of Expenditure in the West Indies, as they may deem it expedient to transfer to that Establishment.

XVI. And Whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty 53 G.3. c. 150.

third Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the more h I.

speedy and effectual Examination and Audit of the Accounts of Military Expenditure in Spain and Portugal; for removing Delays in passing the Public Accounts; and for making new Arrangements for conducting the Business of the Audit Office, One of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain was appointed to be Auditor General of Accounts of the Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal, with an Esta-

blishment of Officers and Clerks under him for that Purpose,

and with such Powers and Authorities for the Execution of the said Office there, as in the said recited Act are mentioned: And Whereas by another Act passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His 54 G. 3. c. 98 *

said late Majesty, the said Auditor General was invested with S u 4 the same Powers and Authorities in respect of the Accounts of

Public Expenditure in France as were given to and vested in hkfc by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty third Year aforesaid, with respect to the Accounts of Public Expenditure in Spain and Portugal: And Whereas the said Auditor General hath returned with his Establishment to this Kingdom, by reason whereof his peculiar Functions and Powers as Auditor General

under the said recited Acts have ceased and determined, but the Examination and Audit of the said Accounts hath not yet been completed, and it is therefore expedient that the Examination of the said Accounts should be proceeded in and completed under his immediate and separate Superintendence and Directions, as One of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or that some other special Provision should be made for that Pur-

pose Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Ttetsury may

K k 3 Com* ReSu-

502

C. 121.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

lstions for com* pleting the Examination of the Peninsular Accounts.

25 G. 3. c. 52.

Any Two of the Commissioners empowered to administer an Oath.

Persons giving false Evidence to be guilty of Pfcijury.

Treasury may establish Regulations in Office of Commissioners for

Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, to make such Arrangements, Regulations and Provisions for completing the Examination and Audit of the said Accounts, "as shall appear to them best calculated for the Attainment of that important Object; and the Commissioners for the time being, under whose immediate and separate Superintendence the said Accounts shall be placed, shall have and is hereby invested with such and the like Powers of Examination upon Oath (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer) , touching all Matters and Things relating to the said Accounts, as by the said Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty were vested in the Auditor General; any thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His late Majesty, any Three or more of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts are empowered to examine upon Oath, and to administer the same in the manner therein mentioned; and by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth m* Year of His late Majesty for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain, it is enacted, that any thing which therein or by any of the Acts therein recited is directed to he done by thle

Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or by any of the Boards into which the said Commissioners might be divided, 4 might he done by the Majority of the said Commissioners, or by

the Majority of any of the said Boards respectively:* Now be it enacted, That notwithstanding any thing in the said recited Acts, or in any other Acts now in force relating to the Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of Great Britain contained to the contrary thereof, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and they are hereby empowered, to examine upon Oath (which Oath any Two or more of them are hereby authorized to administer) , and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things whatsoever, relating to or in anywise concerning the Examination and Audit of any Public Accounts, which by virtue of the said Acts any Three or more, or a Majority of the said Commissioners, or a Majority of any Board into which the said Commissioners might be divided, are authorized and empowered to do.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That iu case any Person or Persons, in the Course of any Examination upon Oath before the Commissioner, having for the time being the separate Superintendence and Direction of the Accounts of the Public Expenditure in Spain, Portugal and France, or before any Two of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts for the time being, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall he subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, from time to time, by Warrant under their Hands, to direct such new Arrangements in the Office

of

I

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV.

0*121.

503

of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, and to auditing Public

assign to the Commissioners for the time being, individually or Account *

collectively, the Exercise of such Duties, and to make such Orders and Regulations in respect to the Conduct of the Business of the Office, and for the Superintendence and Control to be exercised

over the Officers, Clerks and other Persons employed therein *

as the said Commissioners of the Treasury shall from time to time deem expedient, and best calculated to ensure the most efficient Discharge of the several Duties of such Commissioners,

Officers, Clerks and other Persons respectively, and the most prompt and speedy Examination and Audit of the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

XX. And Whereas by the said first recited Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, Provision is made for the Prevention of improper or irregular Expenditure of the Public Monies, by Orders of Persons employed in His Majesty's Service in Parts beyond the Seas, such Persons not being themselves the Accountants for such Expenditure: And Whereas it is expedient to make further Provision in respect thereof Be it therefore enacted, That whenever it shall be made appear to the Public Officers said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, that any Sum or abroad author-Sums which shall have been issuea, paid or expended, oy Orders I, n3 direct-firom any Person employed in His Majesty's Services, in Parts y0rir-beyond the Seas, (such Person not being himself the Accountant regular Experw for such Issue, Payment or Expenditure,) ought not to have been diture, mayvhjr-so issued, paid or expended, or ought not to be charged to the Order of the Public, then and in every such case the said Commissioners of His *

Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, shall there- acc^t tefore upon call upon the Person by whose Orders or under whose Cmawsunen^ Authority such Issue, Payment or Expenditure shall have been made, for an Explanation of the Circumstances under which the same was orderea or authorized, and the Reasons or Grounds upon which such Order or Authority was founded; and if upon receiving such Explanation, the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall still be of Opinion, that such Person ought to be charged with the Amount of such Issue, Payment or Expenditure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands, to authorize and direct the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to require the Person by whose Order or Author rity such Issue, Payment or Expenditure shall have been made, to-render an Account of the Monies so issued, paid or expended; and the Person so required to account shall thereupon be and be deemed a Public Accountant with respect to such Monies, in as^ full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Amount of such Monies had actually been issued to him by way of Imprest and upon Account: Provided always, that nothing Proviso for herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive Application t* such Person of such Relief by Application to the Court of Exche- Exchequer, quer, as by the said recited Act of the Forty sixth Year aforesaid is provided in this Behalf.

XXI. And Whereas by certain Acts passed in the Reign of His 48 G. s. c. 49.

late Majesty King George the Third, the Paymaster General of 52 3* c* I3'2 *

the Forces was required to make up and transmit to the Com-

Kk 4

59 *

C. 121.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Commissioners of Audit may allow Articles of Discharge in certain Accounts of Paymaster General.

54 G. 3. c. 184.

59 G. 3. c. 67.

1 G. 4. c. 65.

missioners for auditing the Public Accounts for Examination,

separate Accounts of Monies received and paid on account of

Half Pay, Pensions on the Compassionate List, Pensions to the Widows of Officers of the Army, Officers allowed to retire on full Pay, Pensions to wounded Officers, Pay of General Officers not being Colonels of Regiments, Royal Bounty to Relatives of deceased Officers, and Pay of Adjutants of Local Militia: And Whereas in consequence of the Reduction of the Army at the Termination of the late War, and the Regulation for issuing Half Pay by Quarterly instead of Half Yearly Payments as formerly, and from other Causes, the Payments on account of the above Services have greatly increased in Number: And Whereas it appears upon Examination of the Accounts of those Services for past Years, that from various Circumstances connected with the then existing State of those Branches of the Public Service, the Rules and Regulations prescribing the Mode of making such. Payments, in various Instances, have not been strictly observed, and the Payments have been made upon irregular and imperfect Vouchers: And Whereas in consequence of such Informalities, considerable Delay has arisen and is likely to arise in the Settlement of the Accounts of the Paymaster General, by reason of the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts not having a discretionary Power to admit the Documents in question as sufficient Vouchers Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, to pass and allow Articles of Discharge in the Accounts of the above mentioned Services, according to their Judgment and Discretion, in all cases where they shall see Ground so to do, although the Receipts, Certificates, Affidavits or Declarations may not in all respects be according to the Forms prescribed, or where such Documents may be otherwise defective, provided it shall appear to them that the Payments have been actually made and duly authorized, and that there be no Suspicion of Fraud.

XXII. And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act for the effectual Ex-

amination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta,

Trinidad and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope, for Five Years: And Whereas it is provided by the said recited Act, that the same should continue in force for Five Years,

and no longer: And Whereas by virtue of an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, intituled An Act to continue, until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty, an Act of the lifty fourth Year of His present Majesty, for the effectual Examination of Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad and in the Settlements of the Cape of Good Hope; and of another Act passed in the First Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue until the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty-one, an Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty,

for the effectual Examination of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the Islands of Ceylon, Mauritius, Malta, Trinidad and in the Settlements of the Cape of

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 121. 505

Good Hope, the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His

late Majesty, and all other Powers therein contained, were cofl-'1 tinued and are to be in force until the Thirtieth Day of July One

thousand eight hundred and twenty one: And Whereas the System established under and by virtue of the said recited Act

of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Provision thereby made for the speedy and effectual Examination and Audit in Great Britain of the Accounts of the Receipt and Expenditure of the Colonial Revenues in the said several last mentioned Colonies or Settlements, hath been found by Experience to be of great public Utility, and it is expedient that the same

should be made perpetual Be it therefore enacted, That the Recited Act of said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of the Reign of His late 54 G. s. c. 184. Majesty, and all the Powers and Authorities, Clauses and Pro- perpetual, visions therein contained, except in so far as the same may be varied, altered or repealed by this Act, shall be and the same are hereby made perpetual.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons The Commit who at the Time of the passing of this Act, by virtue of His "onersand; Majesty's Letters Patent now in force, hold the Offices of Com- ^e Office missioners for the Purposes mentioned in the said recited Act of Colonial the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, and in the said Letters Audit to be Patent now in force, shall continue to hold their said Offices during continued.

His Majesty's Pleasure; and the Secretary to the said Commissioners, and all Officers, Clerks and other Persons appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, pursuant to the said Act,

to aid and assist in the Execution thereof, shall continue to hold their respective Offices during the Pleasure of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury; and the said Commissioners,

Secretary, Officers, Clerks and other Persons respectively, shall, from and after the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, and during their Continuance in the said Offices respectively, have, use and exercise all and every the Powers and Authorities vested in them under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, or of the said Letters Patent, and Appointments granted in pursuance thereof, for all or any of the Purposes therein expressed, in such and the same manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same Powers and Authorities had been expressly re-enacted in this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Certain Parts of Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty as empowers the 54 G. s. c. 184. Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts of Great Britain $ 9* repealed, to enter into the Examination and Investigation of Accounts previously examined by the Commissioners appointed by virtue of the

said Act, and whereof a Statement shall be transmitted to the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, for the Purpose of preparing the same for Declaration, if they shall deem any further Examination and Investigation thereof unnecessary; and also so much of the said recited Act as requires of the said last

mentioned Commissioners to report their Opinion thereon to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and to proceed in such Examination and Investigation; and also so much of the said recited Act as authorizes and directs the said Commissioners for

auditing

C. 121

l&2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

The Commissionere for auditing the Public Accounts to prepare Accounts of Colonial Expenditure for Declaration, without any further Examination or Investigation thereof.

Persons refusing to attend or to produce Accounts.

[Penalty.]

Commissariat Officer of Accounts in His Majesty's Colonies or Foreign Pos-

auditing the Public Accounts to cause all Sums which ahatt be specified as Sums which ought to be set insuper in any such Statement as aforesaid, and which shall appear to them to be proper to be set insuper, to be so set insuper on the several Persona therein mentioned, or in the Warrants accompanying the same, uidem upon such further Examination as aforesaid it shall not appear to them to be proper that such Sums shall be so set insuper, shall he and the same are hereby repealed *

XXV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall transmit to the Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts a Statement of any Account which shall have been previously examined by the Commissioners appointed under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Fifty fourth Year of His late Majesty, together with their Warrant to prepare the same for Declaration, the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts shall and they are hereby authorized and required, in every such case, to make up and prepare for Declaration such Account, in conformity to such Statement or Warrant, without any further Examination or Investigation thereof, or of any Part thereof, or of any Vouchers relating thereto, and to do all other Acts, Matters and things for the Declaration of such Accounts, and for putting in Charge as a Public Accountant every Person who may be liable to be put in Charge upon such Account, in order to the securing and recovering all Sums of Money due on the same, in like manner as if the said Account had been examined, and a Statement thereof made by the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever, who shall be required by the said Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or the Commissioners of Colonial Audit, to attend them for the Purpose of being examined upon Oath, or who shall be required to produce any Accounts, Books, Returns, Vouchers or other Papers and Documents relating to any Public Accounts, before the said Commissioners respectively for Examination, shall fail to comply with the lawful Requisitions of the said respective Commissioners, every such Person so refilling shall be liable to the Payment of such Fine to His Majesty, as the Court of Exchequer, on Application made to the said Court by the said respective Commissioners, or by His Majesty's Attorney General, shall think fit to 6et and impose; which line the said Court is hereby authorized and empowered to set and impose accordingly.

XXVII. And Whereas it may tend to establish a more efficient Check upon the Public Expenditure, in His Majesty's Colonies and Foreign Possessions, and to a more prompt, and effectual Examination of the Accounts thereof, if the Officers there employed from time to time by the Commissioners, of His Majesty's Treasury, as Commissaries of Accounts, were empowered under certain Restrictions to examine Persons upon Oath; Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissariat Officer who may for the time being be intrusted with the Charge of the Department for the Examination of the Accounts of Military Expenditure, in every such Colony or Possession, by and with the Consent and Authority, in each particular

case,

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 121

* 07

Oath;

case, of the Governor or Lieutenant Governor or Person acting as Governor of such Colony or Possession, and the Officer for the Powered to time being in the Command of His Majesty's Forces in such Colony or Possession, to be signified by Warrant under their Hands, to call before him any of the Officers or other Persons employed in the Commissariat Department, or who may have supplied or furnished, or have been concerned or employed in the supplying or furnishing, any Articles, Matters and Things in or for the Use of the Commissariat Department, or for any Military Services within such Colony or Possession, or who may be able in the Judgment of the said Officer to give any Information relating thereto, and in the Presence of such Governor, Lieutenant Governor or Person acting as Governor and Officer in Command of His Majesty's Forces as aforesaid, or of such Person or Persons as may be by them deputed, by Warrant under their Hands, to attend and be present at such Examination, to examine any such Officers or Persons as hereinbefore mentioned upon Oath, (which Oath such Commissariat Officer of Accounts is hereby authorized, in such Presence as aforesaid, to administer,) as to any Accounts, Supplies,

Expences or Charges, or any other Matters or Things whatsoever, relating to or in anywise connected with the Military Expenditure within the said Colony or Possession, or necessary for the Elucidation and full Understanding of the Nature and Particulars of such Expenditure, and of all Supplies furnished for any Military Service within the said Colony or Possession, and of all Contracts and Agreements for supplying the same, and also for the full, strict and accurate Examination of the Accounts, Charges and Expences thereof; and also to call for the Production of all Accounts, books,

Returns, Vouchers and Papers of every Description relating thereto; and in case of the Failure by any Person being an Officer, or employed in the Commissariat Department, to comply with any such the lawful Requisition of the said Commissariat Officer 6f Accounts, every suen Person so refusing shall be dismissed from his Situation or Employment, and be incapable of being again employed in the Service of His Majesty.

aXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person in the course of any Examination upon Oath, before any such Commissariat Officers of Accounts as aforesaid, under the Provisions of of Pcr* this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in force Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XaIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons summoned to appear before such Commissariat Officer of Accounts, shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Commissariat Officer of Accounts as aforesaid, or to bring or produce any Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange, Notes or other Papers whatever, that shall be in his, her or their Possession or Custody, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons for him, her or them, or shall refuse to answer to such Commissariat Officer of Accounts any Question on Oath touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to any such Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants,

Muniments,

and call for Production of Accounts, Books, &c.

Persons, airing false Evidence

Persons neglecting or ramsing to appear or answer, &c.

C. 121, 122.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

Proceedings by Commissariat Officer of Accounts.

Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange or other Papers, or shall refuse to answer any Question on Oath relating to any Matter or Thing in anywise respecting the Expenditure of the Public Money inquired of by the said Commissariat Officer of Accounts in the Execution of his Office, then and in every such case it shall be lawful for the said Commissariat Officer of Accounts, with such Consent and under such Authority and as hereinbefore is mentioned, to be signified, to make or cause to be made summary Application to any Court or Courts of Justice in any such Colony or Possession as aforesaid in that Behalf, if any such Court shall be then sitting, or if no such Court shall be then sitting, then such Application shall be made to the Chief Justice or other Judge of any such Court, and every such Court, or Chief Justice or Judge respectively, is hereby authorized and strictly required, on such Application so made as aforesaid, to issue such Special Process against the Person or Persons who shall have been guilty of such Default as aforesaid, as such Court or Chief Justice or Judge miy deem necessary, to compel the Appearance before such Commissariat Officer of Accounts of any such Person or Persons, or the Production of any such Accounts, Books, Certificates, Warrants, Muniments, Receipts, Bills of Exchange or other Papers as aforesaid, or to compel such Person or Persons to answer any such Question or Questions as aforesaid; and such Commissariat Officer of Accounts may thereupon proceed upon such Special Process, by Imprisonment of the Body of any such Person as aforesaid, in like manner as any Court or Courts of Record within this Kingdom, having competent Authority for that Purpose, may proceed against any Person or Persons for any Contempt committed against the Authority of any such Court.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the time being shall annually cause an Account of the Increase or Deficiency between the Income and Expenditure of the United Kingdom, for One Year, ending on the Fifth Day of January in each Year, and that the said Lords Commissioners shall, in each Year, cause such Account to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if Parliament shall not then be sitting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

CAP. CXXII.

An Act for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year 1821, and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[11th July 1821.]

I. 5^.1, 500,000 0 0 0ut of Duties on Tea ofl

59 G. 3. c, 53.

II. Also any Sum of Money

which may be paid into the Exchequer, in respect of Exchequer Bills, issued

Account of Increase or Deficiency between Income and Expenditure laid annually before Parliament

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 122.

509

Granted to make good the Supply for Great Britain and Ireland for 1821.

Towards the Supply.

said

pursuant to 57 G. 3. c. 34. and c. 124., for carrying on public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom

III. Also such part of the Balance

remaining in the Exchequer, or which may be advanced and paid into the same by the Bank pursuant 10 56G. 3. c. 97., with a Proviso for Repayment to the Bank when such Balance is less than 100,000l.

IV. g.500,000 0 0 Arising from the pecuniary

Indemnity payable by the French Government in virtue of the Treaty of 20th November 1815, after defraying various Expences incurred abroad V. 163, 400 0 0 Arisen from the Sale of old

Naval and Victualling Stores -

VI. 81, 630 6 0 Surplus of the Grants for 1820

VII. Sucn a Sum from the Duties

on Malt, &c. granted by c. 3. ante, in addition to

4.000. 000l. granted by that Act, as with the Sum which may have been paid into the Exchequer on Account of 2, 500,000l. granted by 1 G.4. c. 111. will complete 2, 500,000l.

VIII. Any Number of Exchequer Bills to be made out according to 48 G. 3.

c. 1. which shall be paid out of the Supplies, or out of the Instalments to be paid on the Loan of 13,000,000l., as by 1 & 2 G. 4. c. 70.

IX. 4,000,000 0 0 Monies raised by Exchequer Bills not exceeding

4.000. 000l. under c. 3. ante 5,000,000 0 0 Part of a Sum remaining in

the Exchequer, or to be received on the 29th Jan.

1821, to complete the Aids granted for 1820 -

500,000 0 0 To be advanced by the Bank of Ireland -Monies coming into Exchequer by Contributions for Annuities, under - c. 70.

Monies arising from Lotteries - - c. 120.

By Exchequer Bills, under - c. 71. r^rL *

Granted by - c. 80. Jtiz^d b

29,000,000 0 0

1,000,000 0 0

Granted as above, and appropriated to Uses hereinafter expressed. See 10  21.

510 C. 122.

j.1, 500,000 0 0

500,000 0 0

163, 400 0 0

81, 630 6 0

6, 382, 785 11 5

622, 050 0 0

557, 700 0 0

586, 300 0 0

100, 100 0 0

70, 596 5 1

38, 924 1 6

75, 529 18 6

45, 488 10 0

28, 731 11 7

29, 802 10 0

35, 438 IS 2

24, 078 13 0

49, 183 8 2

43, 511 11 0

10, 325 2 9

43, 626 4 3

50, 967 11 6

70, 962 4 6

6, 926 16 S

129, 395 17 4

83, 140 3 1

79,000 0 0

310,000 0 0

970, 400 0 0

142, 096 13 3

1 & 2 GEO. IV.

(Granted above, I.)

Monies paid in respect of Exchequer Bills, (granted above, II.) -Balance of Public Money paid by the Bank, ( III.) (Granted above, f IV.) (Granted above, $ V.) (Granted above, VI.)

(From Duties on Malt, &c.

 VII*) -j

For Naval Services; that is to

For Wages for" '.s.d

22,000 Men, *s (2

including 8000 Royal i

Marines, - k 2 3 6

For Victuals, T 1 19 0

For Wear and

Tear of Ships, For Ordnance i. 2 1 0

for Sea Ser-

vice, O r- o

For Salaries and Contingent '

Expences of the Admi-

ralty Office For ditto Navy Pay Office For ditto Navy Office For ditto Victualling Office For ditto Deptford Yard - For ditto Woolwich Yard - For ditto Chatham Yard - For ditto Sheerness Yard - For ditto Portsmouth Yard For ditto Plymouth Yard For ditto Out Ports For ditto Foreign Yards For ditto Victualling Yards For Medical Establishments For Royal Naval College, and School for Naval Architecture ... For Wages to Officers and Men of Vessels in Ordinary For Victuals for ditto -

For Harbour Mooring and Rigging For ordinary Repairs of Ships, &c. in the several Yards - For Half Pay to Officers - For Superannuations, Pensions and Allowances to Officers in the Military Line of the Naval Service, their Widows, &c.

A.D. 1821.

say,

For 13 Months.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 122.

511

j.l, 500

7,000

0 0 0 0

32,000 0 0

1, 094., 580 0 0

424-, 648 908

0 0 0 0

280,000 0 0

231, 900

105, 973

0 0 16 6

XL 8, 786, 092 2, 278, 332

753, 955

737, 200

37, 581

41, 894

2, 493

100, 198

For the Year 1821.

6 8 0 11

6 1 net

0 0

16 2 net 19 0

4 7 net 0 0

20, 795 4 5 net

For Bounty to Chaplains For Widows and Orphans on the Compassionate List - For Deficiency of Funds for Widows of Commission and Warrant Officers of the Navy For Building and Repairs of Ships of War, over and above what is proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary -Far Improvements in the Dock Yards For completing the Repairs of the Naval Hospital at Gibraltar For the Purchase of Provisions for Troops and Garrisons on Foreign Stations, and Rations for Troops to be embarked on board Ships of War and Transports For Transport Service For Superannuations, Pensions and Allowances to Commissioners, Secretaries, Clerks, Ac., and Allowances in lieu of Half Pay to Naval Officers formerly employed in the Civil Department of the Navy

For Land Forces, and other Services hereinafter more particularly expressed; that is to say,

For Land Forces in G. 2?., and on Stations abroad (except the East Indies)

For ditto in Ireland For Half Pay to reduced Officers upon the Establishment of Great Britain For Half Pay to reduced Officers in Ireland For Military Allowances to reduced Officers upon the Establishment of G. B. - For ditto for Ireland -

For Pensions to Widows of Officers of Land Forces and Marines, upon the Establishment of G. B. - For ditto for Ireland

A.D. 1821.

512

C. 122. 1 & 2< GEO. IV.

5^.179, 220 0 5

19, 819 10 0 123, 127 18 3

27, 193 0 0 105, 943 5 10

25, 382 13 10 28, 883 19 0

50, 418 16 8 6, 844 0 0

1, 251 6 1 6, 192 7 10

922 0 0 5, 180 0 0 14, 474 15 4

650 0 0

For Allowances on Compassionate List, and of Pensions to Officers for Wounds For Allowances to reduced Adjutants of the Local Militia of Great Britain For Corps ordered to be Disbanded in the Year 1821, and of certain Officers on the Staff in G. B., from the 25th December 1820, to the respective Dates when it is intended they should be discontinued

net For Corp3 ordered to be disbanded in Ireland in the Year 1821 For General and Staff Officers of Hospitals serving with the Forces in G. B., and on Foreign Stations (excepting India) -net For ditto in Ireland -

For Allowances to Paymaster General, his Deputies and Clerks, and contingent Expences For ditto to Secretary at War, his Deputies, Clerks, &c.

For ditto to Adjutant General, his Deputy and Assistants at Head Quarters, Clerks, &c.

For ditto to Deputy Adjutant General in North Britain, his Clerks, &c. For ditto to Quarter Master General, his Deputy and Assistants at Head Quarters, Clerks, &c.

For ditto to Deputy Quarter Master General in North Britain, his Clerks, &c. - For ditto to Judge Advocate General, his Deputy, Clerks, &c.

For ditto to Commander in Chief and his Personal Staff, his Secretaries, their Assistants, Clerks, &c.

For ditto to Deputy Judge

6

From the 25th Dec.

1820, to the 24th " Dec. 1821, both inclusive.

A.D. 1821.

1 3c 2 GEO. IV,

CL 122,

513

.12, 642

5, 614

10, 517

27, 824

7, 816

170,000

19, 023

23, 211

172, 806

1, 263

28, 204

6, 258

115, 256

14, 742

121, 265

Advocate in North Britain, his Clerks, &c.

10 0 For Allowances to Comptrollers of Army Accounts, Secretary, Clerks, &c.

12 0 For ditto to Principal Officers

of the Army Medical Department, their Secretary, Clerks, &c.

18 9 net For ditto to the Principal Officers of certain Public Departments in Ireland, their Deputies, Clerks and contingent Expences 17 11 For Medicines and Surgical" Materials for Land Forces on the Establishment of G. B, and of certain Hospital Contingencies 0 3 net For ditto in Ireland

0 0 For the Charge of Volunteer:

Corps in G. B.

5 10 net For ditto in Ireland 3 2 For the Charge of Four Troops of Dragoons and 14 Companies of Foot stationed in G. B., for recruiting the Corps employed in the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company

1 3 For the Charge of the Pay of

General Officers in the Land Forces, not being Colonels of Regiments upon the Establishment of Great Britain 9 3 net For ditto ditto in Ireland

2 3 For the Charge of Garrisons

at Home and Abroad, on the Establishment of G. B. 12 9 net For ditto of Garrisons in Ireland -

17 6 For the Charge of Full Pay for retired Officers, and unattached Officers of Forces on the Establishment of Great Britain 14 6 net For ditto of Full Pay of re- ' tired Officers in Ireland -0 0 For ditto of Half Pay and reduced Allowances to Officers of disbanded Foreign Corps, of Pensions to wounded Foreign Officers,

For the Year 1821.

From the 25th Dec. I 1820, to the 24th

I Dec. 1821, both

inclusive.

&2 Geo. IV.

514

C. 122.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

and Allowances to the Widows and Children of deceased Foreign Officers .42, 796 9 0 For In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital -15, 970 3 1 net For ditto Kilmainham ditto

940, 083 17 11 For Out Pensioners of Chelsea ditto -

215, 222 1 3 net For ditto Kilmainham ditto

31, 510 10 1 For Allowances, Compens-

ation's and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuation or Retired Allowances to Persons belonging to several public Departments in G. B., in respect of their having held public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature net For ditto in Ireland -

8, 686

35,000

269, 519 12 2

0 For Fees expected to be paid at the Exchequer by Paymaster General of the Forces, on Issues for Army Services - - 

For Disembodied Militia of Great Britain

XII.

125, 388 18 11 net

1,000,000 0 0

401, 569 0 0

137, 500 0 0

88, 832 0 0

99, 612 0 0 p

20,000 0 0 1

150,000 0 o"

43, 071 12 8

For Extraordinary Expences of the Army for G. B.

For the Commissariat Department For the Barrack Department in Great Britain Tor ditto in Ireland For the Commissariat Department in Ireland - i For Extraordinary Expences land in the Year 1821.

For Ordnance Service For Salaries to Master, General, Principal Officers, Clerks and Attendants belonging to the Office of Ordnance employed at the Tower and Pall Mall 30,000 0 0 For Gratuities for Length of

Service to Civil Officers and Clerks on the Establishment of the Office of Ordnance at home and abroad -

20, 163 3 4 For Civil Establishments of

the Office of Ordnance at

For the Year 1821.

For One Year, ending the 24th Dee. 1821. of the Army in Ire-

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 122.

515

.14, 631 5 0

56,000 0 0

4, 268 18 10

40, 030 15 8 24, 374 18 0

2, 020 0 0

94, 356 14 9

the Out Porte and Stations, and also for Rente, Taxes, &c. in G. B., Guernsey and Jersey

For Civil Officers and Clerks belonging to the Office of Ordnance on Foreign Stations

For Incidental Charges, Ordinary Repairs and Barrack Expences at the Tower, and the several Forte, Garrisons and Places under the Ord-

nance in G. BGuernsey and Jersey -

For Pay of 57 Master Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in G. B.y and of Three Fee Gunners at Hyihe, St. James's Park' and Whitehall, with the Allowance of Coals and Candles to them, and to 43 Non Commissioned Officers and Gunners late of the Invalid Battalion of the Royal Regiment of Artillery stationed in the said Garrisons and Batteries For Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers for G. 2?., consisting of 203 Officers For Pay of the Corps of Royal Sappers and Miners for General Service, consisting of 732 Men, Officers included For Pay of the Establishment for the Instruction of Royal Sappers and Miners, and of Junior Officers in the Corps of Royal Engineers, in the Construction of Field Works On Account of the Balance for the Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery for G. B., and of Non Commissioned Officers and Gunners of the late Invalid Battalion retained in the several Garrisons and Batteries, in Addition to LI 2

For the Year 1821.

516

C. 122.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

* .34, 812 9 4 17, 590 3 3 8, 377 4 9 6, 610 9 1 1, 458 10 0

39, 124 7 1

38, 209 7 10

2, 132 7 6 111, 837 2 10 299, 653 8 3

11, 279 11 2

the Sum of .150,000 hereinbefore mentioned, making in the whole .244, 356 14s. 9d.

For Pay of the Brigade of Royal Horse Artillery for G. B. for 1821, including Forage for Riding Horses For Pay of the Corps of the Royal Artillery Drivers for G. B. for 1821, including Forage for Riding Horses For Pay of the Medical Establishment for the Military Department of the Ordnance in G. B.

For Pay of Civil Officers, Professors and Masters of the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich For Sums to be paid at the Treasury and at the Exchequer for Fees on the Ordnance Estimates for Great Britain On Account of the Balances of the Extraordinaries of the Office of Ordnance for G.B. for 1821, after allowing for .232, (XX) to be raised by the Sales of Old Stores, Lands, Buildings,

&c.

For Services performed by the Office of Ordnance for Land Service for G. B. and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1819.

For ditto ditto, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1820.

For the Office of Ordnance for Ireland -

For the Office of Ordnance for G. B. on Account of Allowances to Superannuated, Retired and Half Pay Officers, and to Superannuated and disabled Men; also for Pensions to Widows and Children of I deceased Officers lately belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps For the Office of Ordnance in Ireland on Account of the Pay of Retired Officers

For the Year 1821.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 122.

517

XIII.

XIV.

XV.

XVI.

For the Year 1821.

of the late Irish Artillery and Engineers, and of Pensions to Widows of deceased Officers of the same -.

* 2, 777 4 4 For Allowances to superannuated and disabled Men and Pensioners, and for Pensions to Children of deceased Officers lately belonging to the several Ordnance Military Corps in Great Britain, and not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1820.

36, 138 11 3 For Allowances, Compensa- '

tions and Emoluments in the Nature of Superannuated or Retired Allowances to Persons late belonging to the Office of Ordnance in G. B. in respect of their having held any Public Offices or Employments of a Civil Nature, and for Widows' Pensions -4, 581 18 0 For ditto in Ireland -

I, 506 17 1 For ditto in Great Britain, not provided for by Parliament in the Year 1820.

290,000 0 0 For discharging Exchequer Bills charged upon the Supplies for the Years 1818, 1819, 1820, and 1821, remaining unpaid or unprovided for.

206, 400 0 0 For discharging Exchequer Bills issued pursuant to 57 G.3. c, 34., 58 G. 3. c. 45. and 1G. 4. c. 60. for authorizing the issuing of Exchequer Bills for carrying on Public Works and Fisheries in the United Kingdom, and for Building additional Churches, over and above the Amount granted in the last Session of Parliament for discharge of Exchequer Bills issued under the Two first mentioned Acts.

1, 500,000 0 0 For discharging Irish Treasury Bills charged upon the Supplies of the Year 1821, outstanding and unprovided for.

For Civil Establishments; (that is to say,)

22, 444 5 0 Sierra Leone -

17, 081 5 0 Veto South Wales -

6, 283 10 0 Newfoundland

3, 520 15 0 Prince Edward Island

SylSl 10 0 New Brunswick

14, 267 15 0 Nova Scotia

II, 107 10 0 Upper Canada

600 0 0 Dominica

3, 147 15 0 Bahama Islands, in addition to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and the incidental Charges attending the 'same

L 1 3

From the 1st Jan. to 31st jDec. 1821.

518

C. 122.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

XVII. .Sy000,000 0 0 16, 915 8 4 32, 226 6 10

8, 479 0 0

1,000,000 0 0

290,000 0 0

280,000 0 0

10,000 0 0

40.000 0 0 9, 117 11 8

40.000 0 0 22, 500 0 0

75.000 0 0

For discharging Amount of Supplies granted For the Royal Military Col lege

For the Royal Military Asy lum -

For the British Museum

i

For the Year 1820.

From the 25th Dec. 1820, to the 24th Dec. 1821, both inclusive.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1821.

For the Year ending 1st Feb. 1822.

For the Year 1821.

For discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills, Irish Treasury Bills and Mint Notes -Being the lOOdth Part of .29,000,000of Exchequer Bills, authorized in the last Session of Parliament to be issued and charged upon the Aids granted in the present Session, to be issued and paid by equal Quarterly Payments to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them placed to the Account of the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt For Expences of a Civil Nature, not forming a Part of the ordinary Charges of the Civil List For Works carrying on at the \ For the Year 1821, College of Edinburgh - I For Building a Penitentiary

House at Millbank - J For the Royal Naval Asylum For One Year, com-for 1000 Orphan Children > mencing 1st Jan. of Sailors and Marines - J 1821.

For Works and Repairs of T , v C01

Public Building* - For the Year 1821.

For Extraordinary Expences in the Department oi the Lord Chamberlain of His Majesty's Household for Seven Quarters, from 5th April 1820 to 5th Jan. 1822, for Fittings and Furniture to the Two Houses of Parliament.

For Payments in the present 'j Year of Awards of Commissioners established in London pursuant to58 G. 3. c. 85., for carrying into Effect a Convention between His late Majesty and His Most faithful Majesty,

ofl

".rl

to be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 122.

519

* .18, 700 0

8,000 0

25.000 0 22, 800 0

90, 532 0 3000 0

100.000 0

69, 415 0

8, 706 0 80, 005 0

signed at London 28th July 1817, to Claimants of Portuguese Vessels and Cargoes captured by British Cruisers, on account of the unlawfully Trading in Slaves since the 1st of June 1814 0 For Salaries and incidental Expences of the Commissioners appointed on the Part of His Majesty, under the Treaties with Spain, Portugal and the Netherlands, for preventing the illicit Traffic in Slaves, and in pursuance of 58 G. 3. c. 36. and 59 G. 3. c. 16.

0 For Extraordinary Expences " for Prosecutions, &c. relating to the Coin 0 For Law Charges 0 For Salaries and Allowances to the Officers of the Houses of Lords and Commons -0 For confining, maintaining and employing Convicts at Home

0 For the National Vaccine Es- " tablishment for the Year 1821 - -1 0 For defraying Bills drawn or " to be drawn from New South Wales 0 For making good the Deficiency of Fee Funds in the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State and Privy Council -2 For making good the Deficiency of the Sum granted in the last Session to defray the Contingent Expences and Messengers' Bills in the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State, Privy Council and Lord Chamberlain 0 For Contingent Expences and Messengers* Bills in the Departments of the Treasury, Three Secretaries of State, Privy Coun-L 1 4

For the Year 1821, to be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

For the Year 1821.

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

520

C. 122.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1feSl.

* .19, 055 0 0

25.000 0 0

25.000 0 0

21.000 0 0

5.500 0 0

8.500 0 0

20,000 0 0

3, 178 2 7 3,000 0 0 8,000 0 0 3, 306 10 0 6, 631 6 3

5,000 0 0

22, 100 0 0

cil and Lord Chamber- > lain - For Expences of the Houses of I<ords and Commons - For Foreign and other Secret Services -

For the Year 1821.

For Extraordinary Expences in the Mint in Gold Coinage -

For printing Acts of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the Acting Justices t throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports, Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords -

For Expences incurred in the Year 1821, for printing 1, 750 Copies of the 76th Volume of Journals of the House of Commons, being for the present Session of Parliament.

For printing Votes of House of Commons during the present Session of Parliament.

For printing Bills, Reports and other Papers by Order of the House of Commons, during the present Session of Parliament.

For Deficiency of Grant of 1820, fin* reprinting Journals and Reports of the House of Commons. For reprinting Journals and Reports of Ditto in the Year 1821.

For the Relief of American Loyalists ...

For confining and maintaining Criminal Lunatics For Allowances or Compensations granted or allowed as retired Allowances, or Superannuations, to Persons formerly employed in Public Offices or Departments, or in the Public Service, according to

For the Year 1821, and to be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

50 G. 3. c. 117.

For the Refuge for the Destitute For Relief to Toulonese and Corsican Emigrants, [Knights of Malta, Dutch [

A.D. 1821.

* .5, 731

3, 700

7,000

33, 567

23.000

2, 456

15.000

4, 901

1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 122.

521

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

6 7

Naval Officers, St. Domingo Sufferers, and others, who have heretofore received Allowances from

His Majesty, and who, from Services performed or Losses sustained in the British Service, have special Claims upon His Majesty's Justice or Liberality J For Deficiency of Grant in 1820, for printing Bills, Reports and other Papers, by Order of the House of Commons during the last Session of Parliament.

1 10J For Deficiency of Grant for '

1820, for printing Acts of Parliament for the Two Houses of Parliament, for the Sheriffs, Clerks of the Peace and Chief Magistrates throughout the United Kingdom, and for the acting Justices throughout Great Britain; also for printing Bills, Reports,

Evidence and other Papers and Accounts for the House of Lords For Salaries to certain Officers, and Expences of Court, and Receipt of Exchequer For the Establishment of the Public Office Boxv Street, including the Horse and Foot Patrol e, and of the Establishment of the River Police -

>For the Year 1821.

0 0

0 0

0 0 For the Establishment of the Penitentiary House at Millbank ...

4 7^ For the Repairs of Henry

the Seventh's Chapel 0 0 For the Forts and Possessions of the African Company, now about to be vested in His Majesty

5 0 For defraying the Sum that

may be wanted for the Year 1821, in further Execution of the 46 G. 3.

From 24th June

1821, to 24th June

1822, without Fee or other Deduction.

522

C. 122.

1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

* .100,000 0 0

86, 760 5 4

10,000 0 0

8, 650 0 0

3, 500 0 0

For the Year 1821, and to be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

1, 068 4

c. 89., for discharging outstanding Demands, and purchasing Houses and Grounds for the further Improvement of Westminster, in conformity to the Recommendation of the Select Committee of the House of Commons, by their Report dated 31st May 1810

For completing the Measures authorized by 53 G. 3. c. 121., for making a New Street from Mary U bone to Charing Cross.

For conveying and victualling Settlers to the Cape of Good Hope, in the Year 1821.

To enable the Commissioners' for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland, to fulfil their Engagements and close their Accounts; the Residue to be held applicable to the Maintenance of the said Roads and Bridges under the 59 G. 3. c. 135., and also to enable the said Commissioners to close their Accounts with regard to Harbour and other Public Works in Scotland, under 46 G. 3. c. 155.

To be applied by the Commissioners under 43 G. 3. c. 80. for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland towards making a Road in the Isle of Skye, being Part of a Line of Road, the Northern Portion of which has been completed under the Name of the Stein Road -To General Stephen Borne,

Baron des Femeaux, or his Representative, for Losses and Damages sustained at the Capture of Guadaloupe, in the Year 1794 -

7 For Deficiency of Grant of the last Session of Parliament, for printing 1, 750 Copies of the 75th

To be paid without Fee or other Deduction.

C. 122.

528

* .8, 400 0 0 5, 135 1 6

953 7 6 7, 236 8 10

2, 300 0 0

6, 798 0 0 2, 442 10 0

British Currency net.

XVIII. 20,000 0 0

XIX. 14,000 0 0

16, 700 0 0

i.

Volume of the Journals of the House of Commons.

For Salaries of the Commissioners of the Insolvent Debtors' Court, their Clerks, and contingent Expences of the Office, in the Year 1821.

For paying, in the Year 1821, the Salaries of Officers, and contingentExpences of the Alien Office, and for Superannuation or retired Allowances to Officers formerly employed in that Service.

For Salaries or Allowances to certain Professors in the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, for reading Courses of Lectures in the Year 1821.

For the usual Allowances to Protestant Dissenting Ministers in England, Poor French Protestant Refugee Clergy and Laity; and sundry small Charitable and other Allowances to the Poor of Saint Martin in the Fields, and others, in the Year 1821.

To enable the Commissioners appointed for providing a convenient Place for transacting the Business in Bankruptcy, and to defray the Expence of erecting new Courts for the Com-

under 55 G. S. c. 152. to complete sundry Improvements in the Holyhead Road - For Expence of certain Colonial Services heretofore paid out of the Extraordinaries of the Army -

missioners of Bankrupts in Basinghall Street To enable the Commissioners

To be paid without > Fee or other De-I duction.

For the Year 1821.

For Civil Contingencies in Ireland - For the probable Expenditure of the Board of Works in Ireland - For printing, Stationery and other Disbursements, for the Chief and Under Secretaries' Offices and Apartments, and other Public Offices in Dublin Castle, &c. and for Riding Charges and other Expences of the Deputy Pursuivants and Extra Messengers attending the said Offices, and

For the Year ending the 5th Jan. 1822.

For the Year 1821.

For one Year ending the 5th January

j 1822.

lc& 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

524 C. 122.

British Currency net.

.7,000 0 0

3.000 0 0

20,000 0 0

1.000 0 0

* >697 4 7i

4, 034 15 5

756 o 0

1, 718 o 0 3, 978 0 0 10,000 0 0

4.000 o o

25*000 . 0 0

4.000 0 0

6.000 0 0

For One Year ending the 5th January 1822.

Ditto ending 25th March 1822.

also Superannuated Allowances in the Chief Secretary's Office For publishing Proclamations, and other Matters of a Public Nature, in the Dublin Gazette, and other Newspapers in Ireland - w For printing 1, 500 Copies of a compressed Quarto Edition of the Statutes of the United Kingdom, for the Use of the Magistrates of Ireland; also 250 Copies of a Folio Edition of the same Bound, for the Use of the Lords, Bishops and Public Officers in Ireland.

For Criminal Prosecutions, ' and other Law Expences in Ireland - For apprehending Public Offenders in Ireland For completing the Sum necessary for the Support of the Non Conforming Ministers in Ireland For the Support of the Sece- 1 ding Ministers from the f Synod of Ulster in Ireland For the Support of the Protestant Dissenting Mi  | nisters in Ireland For Salaries of the Lottery \ For One Year ending Officers in Ireland - -t

For carrying on the Works of H&wth Harbour - For Ditto at Dunmore Harbour

For the Establishment and")

Maintenance of the public Navigations in Ireland,

- vested in the Directors of Inland Navigation -

of the City and District of I Dublin -

For enabling the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland to issue Money from time to time, in Aid of Schools established by voluntary Contributions.

For Salaries of the Commis- r sioners of Enquiry into the Duties, Salaries and Emoluments of the Officers, Clerks and Ministers of Justice in all Temporal

Ditto Jan.

ending

1822.

5th

the 24th June 1821.

In the Year 1821.

For the Year 1821.

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 122.

525

XX.

XXI.

British Currency net.

and Ecclesiastical Courts in Ireland -j.9, 230 0 0 For building Churches and Glebe Houses, and purchasing Glebes in Ireland 18, 461 0 0 Further for Ditto 19, 938 9 2} For the Expence of the Trustees of Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, to be by them applied in such Manner as shall appear to them most conducive to promote and encourage the said Manufactures in Ireland -

11.000 0 0 For Expence of Commissioners for making wide and convenient Streets in Dublin -

276 18 5\ For additional Allowance to the Chairman of the Board of Inland Navigation in Ireland,

300 0 0 In Aid of the Royal Irish Academy -

20.000 0 0 For supporting the Protestant Charter Schools in Ireland -

30.000 0 0 For Expence of the Found-

ling Hospital in Dublin 19, 600 0 0 For supporting the House of Industry, Hospitals and Asylums for industrious Children in Dublin -

5.500 0 0 For the Expence of the

Richmond Lunatic Asylum in Dublin -

8,000 0 0 For Ditto the Hibernian Society for Soldiers' Children ..... 1, 600 0 0 For Ditto the Hibernian Marine Society in Dublin

2.400 0 0 For Ditto the Female Orphan

House in the Circular Road, near Dublin

3.400 0 0 For supporting the Westmorland Lock Hospital in Dublin -

2, 800 0 0 For Ditto the Lying-in Hos-

pital in Dublin 1*400 0 0 For Ditto Dr. Stevens9 Hospital -

4.500 0 0 For Expence of the Fever

Hospital and House of

For One Year ending the 5th January 1822.

526 C. 122, 123. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

British Currency net.

Recovery, Cork Street, Dublin

c. 3. ante.

* .300 0 0

8, 928 0 0

6, 464 0 0

Dublin - For Ditto the Hospital for Incurables in Dublin For Ditto the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland For Ditto the Association incorporated for discountenancing Vice, and promoting the Knowledge and Practice of the Christian Religion in Ireland For Ditto the Green Coat Hospital of the City of Cork

For Ditto the Cork Institution - For Ditto the Society for promoting the Education of the Poor in Ireland For Ditto the Dublin Society -

107 0 0

2,300 0 0

10,000 0 0

7,000 0 0

2,500 0 0 - For Ditto the Farming Society of Ireland

---

XXII. Supplies to be applied only for the Purposes aforesaid.

XXIII. Rules for Application of Half Pay.

- Proviso for receiving Half Pay under the General or Local Militia Acts, Yeomanry or Volunteers.

XXIV. Persons concerned in issuing, paying and receiving Money for Payment of Half Pay, not having taken the Oaths, indemnified.

XXV. Half Pay to Officers of Manx Fencibles.

XXVI. Ditto to Chaplains of Regiments in Possession of Ecclesiastical Benefices not derived from the Crown.

XXVII. Application of Overplus of Sums under 1 G. 4. c. 111.

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of His late Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight.

[2d July 1821.]

[c. 3. ante.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar, Tobacco and Snuff, Foreign Spirits and Sweets in Great Britain, and on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty one, it was enacted, that all and every the Persons who in and by certain Acts therein mentioned, made in the Forty eighth and Forty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, were named

A.D. 1821. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. C. 123. 527

and appointed Commissioners (duly qualifying themselves) for putting the several Acts therein specified into Execution within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns, Divisions and Places of England, Wales and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, should be Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, unless before the Day therein appointed for the First Meeting of the Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, some Act or Acts of Parliament should be made for naming and appointing special Commissioners for putting the said Act into Execution, so far as the same relates to the Duties on Pensions Offices and Personal Estates: And Whereas it is expedient that other Commissioners should be appointed for putting into Execution an Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

[38 G. 3. c. 5.]

intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; of which Act certain Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things were continued for ever by an Act made in the same Year,

[38 G. 3. c. 60.]

intituled An Act for making perpetual, subject to Redemption and Purchase in the manner therein stated, the several Sums of Money now charged in Great Britain as a Land Tax, for One Year, from the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by The King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Commissioners appointed.]

That all and every the Persons hereinafter named and mentioned; (that is to say,)

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for England and Wales.]

Being first duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, in manner herein directed, shall be and are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution the said cited Act made in this Session of Parliament, so far as the same relates to the Duties on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, and also such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

[38 G. 3. c. 5.]

intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act made in the same Year within the several Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively in that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

[Commissioners appointed for Scotland.]

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons hereinafter named and mentioned; (that is to say,)

528 C. 123. 1 & 2 GEO. IV. A.D. 1821.

[Here follow the Names of the Commissioners for Scotland.]

Being duly qualified to act as Commissioners of the Land Tax, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Commissioners for putting into Execution such of the Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things of the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, as are continued for ever by the said recited Act of the same Year, within the several Shires, Stewartries and Places respectively, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

[Qualifications to be the same as required by 38 G. 3. c. 5.]

That the several and respective Persons hereby appointed Commissioners shall have such and the same Qualifications as are required by the said recited Act made in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and also of an Act made in the same Session of Parliament,

[38 G. 3. c. 48.]

intituled An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled 'An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight,' as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners; and shall be subject to the several Penalties and Forfeitures contained in the said recited Acts respectively.

[Inspectors or Surveyors of Taxes disqualified.]

IV. Provided also, That no Person who shall have held the Office of Inspector or Surveyor of Assessed Taxes shall from and after the passing of this Act be capable of acting as such Commissioner, although such Person may be named in this Act as such Commissioner.

[In what case Persons in Cities, &c. having Qualification may act as Commissioners.]

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where in any City, Liberty or Place, the Qualification of a Commissioner to act therein shall consist of Personal Estate, it shall be lawful for any Person having a Personal Estate of the Value required by the said Acts, or either of them, to act as such Commissioner in all cases where such Person shall have been taxed, and shall have paid for such Personal Estate by and upon the last Assessment then made for such City, Liberty or Place, by virtue of any Act, for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates in England, passed before the making of such Assessment; any thing in the said Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding:

[Justices qualified may act as Commissioners though not specially named.]

Provided also, that all Persons who shall act as Justices of the Peace of or for any County, Riding, Shire or Stewartry in Great Britain, being duly qualified as aforesaid, may act as such Commissioners, although not specially named in this Act.

