C. i. ii.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822. I

18G.S. c. 68. 994 40 G. 3. c.xii

* 9440 G. 3. c. XT. repealed.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the/Mowing Acts as are Temporary xoill he knoum (were %t is not expressly stated) by referring to the /attorning List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, , fyc. c.

[i. e. to the End of the next SessionJJrom

a Day named in the Act.

(6) For 21 Years, SfC./rom the passing of the Act *

(c) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. after the End of the Term underformer Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form /Mowing

" And be it ftirther enacted, That this Act shall be " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken " Notice of Ss such by all Judges, Justices and others without " being specially pleaded.' *

Cap. L

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Power of Two Acts passed for building a Bridge across the Hirer Tawey, at a Place called The JVich Tree, in the Parish of Uan-samlett, to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Uangcvdach in the County of Glamorgan; and for making proper Avenues or Roads to and from the said Bridge; and for repairing the Road from Pentre Brook, near a Place called Aherdxoyberthy, in the Parish of Saint Johns, near Swansea, to the said Bridge, (h)

[21st March 1822.] [Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining certain Roads leading to and from Chepstow, and other Places in the Counties of MonwunUh and Gloucester, called The District of Chepstow and The New Passage District. (h) [21st March 1822.]

[Trustees appointed. Power to appoint additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

3° GEO. IV. C.iii.* — x.

799

Cap. iii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, amending and 19 G. 3.C. 92. improving the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County 350.3. c. 145. Palatine of Lancaster, (a)

[Sd April 1822.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. iv.

An Act to enable His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting for the County of Norfolk, to build an additional Gaol, House of Correction and Shire House for the said County, and for other Purpose* relating thereto.

[Sd April 1822.]

Cap. v.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty 38 G; s. c. 70. King George the Third, for rebuilding the Bridge over the River 54 G.3. c.xili. Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge; and for widening the Avenues thereto, and making certain other Improvements.

[Sd April 1822.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Bradford, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Sd April 1822.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Neighbourhood of

Wakefield in the West Riding of the County of York.

[Sd April 1822.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road l4 G. 3. c.xcriii. from the Old Bridge in the Town of Stockport in the County repealed. Palatine of Chester, to or near Marple Bridge in the said County; and a Branch from the said Road, near Marple Bridge aforesaid, to or near Thomset Gate in the County of Derby, (b)

[Sd April 1822.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap ix.

An Act for repairing and amending the Roads from Donington 31 G.2. c.so. High Bridge to Hale Drove, and to the Eighth Mile Stone in 18<j}-3. c. 104. the Parish of Wigtoft, and to Langret Ferry in the County of 41.3, ac>44, Lincoln, (a) [3d April 1822.] repm"d9

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. x.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and en- S3 G. 3. e.ss. larging the Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Roads 30G.Sjc. 7* from Chappel Bar, near the West End of the Town of Nottingham9 to Newhaven; and from the Four Lane Ends, near Oakcr- ^Unued.

thorpe,

800

C.x. — xvi.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

S3G.2. c. 51. 18 G.3. c. 86. 42 G. 3. c.lxi. further continued.

32 G.2. c. 69.

20 G.3. c. 88.

41 G.3. c.xxxvi. repealed.

See c.civ. post.

29 G.2. c. 94. 18 G.3. c. 111. 39 & 40 G.3.

C.lxviii.

continued.

thorpe, to Ashbourne; and from the Cross Post on Wirksworth Moor to join the Road leading from Chesterfield to Chapd-en4e-Frith, at or near Longston in the County of Derby; and from Selston to Annesley Wodehouse in the County of Nottingham. (6)

[3d April 1822.]

[Additional Trustees. New Tolls on the Second District. Tdh on the Third District repealed. New Tolls on Third District. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Bars at Bought on, within the Liberties of the City of Chester, to Whitchurch, and from thence to Newport in the County of Salop, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as relate to the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for diverting a certain Part of the Road comprised within the said District. (A) [3d April 1822.]

[iVctu Tolls granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from Nether Bridge to Levens Bridge, and from thence through the Town of Millihrop to Dixes; and from the Town of MUlihrop to Hang-bridge, and from thence to join the Heronsyke Turnpike Rosa, near Clawthrop Hall in the County of Westmorland, (a)

[3d April 1822.]

[Additional Trustees. New Tolls. Royal Family exempt Jhm

Cap. xiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Brighton to Shoreham Bridge in the County of Sussex, (b)

[15th May 1822.]

[Appointment of Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.] Cap. xiv.

An Act for lighting and watching, and for regulating the Police within the Township of Chorlton Row, in the County of Lancaster.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for lighting the Town and Port of Dovor, and Places adjacent, in the County of Kent, with Gas.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Roads leading from the Ryeway in the Parish of Yarpole in the County of Her ford, to Presteigne in the County of Radnor, and several other Roads therein mentioned

801

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C'.xvii. — xxii.

in the said County of Radnor, and in the Counties of Hereford and Salop, (c) [15th May 1822.]

[Former Tolls to cease, and tieno ones granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Terms and Powers of 35G.S. c. 155. certain Acts, so far as the same relate to the Roads from Inch- 27G.2. c. 27. belly Bridge to Glasgow, and leading over Garngad Hill to G*3, c-82* Provan MUly and other Roads branching therefrom or connected therewith, (b) [15th May 1822.] extendedto Act *

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xviii.

In Act for further continuing, until the First Day of August One 46 G.s. thousand eight hundred and twenty five, and from thence to c.cxxxiii. the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Powers ^°ntinued. ... granted by an Act of the Forty sixth Year of His late Majesty, ^'3* CmCah" for enabling the Commissioners acting; in Execution of an c.clxxxviii. Agreement made between the East India Company and the pri- 57 G. 3. c.viii. vate Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic, the better to 59 G.s. c.xx*i. carry the same into effect.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for erecting and endowing a Church in the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster to be caHed Saint Lukes Church; and for reviving and amending an Act of the Twenty first Year of King George the Second, so far as relates to Saint Thomas's Church.

[15th May 1822.]

Proviso for the Rights of the Bishop of Chester, and of the Rectors of the Parish of Liverpool. Proviso for the Rights of His Majesty.]

Cap. xx.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in 46 0.3. c.lxi. the Forty sixth Year of King George the Third, for repairing the Parish Church of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, and rebuilding die Tower thereof.

[15th May 1822.]

[Additional Trustees.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act to alter, amend and explain the several Acts passed for 43G.s. c.cxl. improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Har- 46 G. 3. c.xxxv« bour of Bristol.

[15th May 1822.] 490, 3. c.'xvii

Cap. xxii.

An Act for further continuing the Duties and altering the Powers 5G.2. c.ii. granted by Six several Acts of their late Majesties King George 25 G.s. c. 44. 3Gko. IV. 3 F tge 3 G. 3.C. 42.

C. xxii. — xxviii.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

18 G.3. c. 20.

41 G. 3. c.lxix. 46 G.3. c.xxxiv.

the Second and King George the Third, for enlarging the Piers and Harbour of Scarborough in the County of York. (b)

[15th May 1822.] [Former Tolls to cease, and new ones granted.]

Cap. xxiii.

58 G.3. c.L An Act to amend an Act for draining and improving Lands in the Parishes of Bray, White Waltham, Shottesbrook, Lawrence Waltham, Binfield Ruscomb, Wargrave, Remcnham and Huriey, in the County of Berks, and the Liberties of Whistley and Breed Hinton, in the Parish of Hurst, in the Counties of Berks smd Wilts.

[15th May 1822 .:

Cap.

XXIV.

7&8 W.3.C. 32.

Pr.

9&10W.3. c. 18. Pr.

12 Anne, c. 15.

Pr.

4G.1.C. 3. Pr.

18G.2.C. 38.

43 G.3. c.cxl.

31 G.2.C. 56. repealed.

14 G.3c. 49. 46 G. 3. c.xxvi.

An Act for the Employment, Maintenance and Regulation of the Poor of the City of Bristol; and for altering the Mode of assessing the Rates for the Relief of the Poor, and certain Rates authorized to be raised and levied within the said City by certain Acts for improving the Harbour there, and for paving, pitching, cleansing and lighting the same City; and for the Relief of the Churchwardens and Overseers from the collecting of such Rates; and for amending the Act for paving, pitching, cleansing and lighting the said City.

[15th May 1822.]

46 G.3. c.xxxv.

Cap. xxv.

An Act for lighting, paving, cleansing, watching and improving the Town of Barnsley in the West Riding of the County of IV*.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxvi.

30 G. 3. c. 67. An Act to amend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and other Public Places within the City of Durham and Borough of Framwelgate and Suburbs thereof and Streets thereto adjoining, and other Purposes relating thereto.

[15th May 1822.]

[Royal Family exempt from TV/.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for lighting, paving, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Alnwick, in the County of Northumberland.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for regulating, maintaining and improving the Premises in the City of Edinburgh, termed Queen Street Gardens, and for effecting certain other Improvements in the Vicinity thereof and connected therewith. £15th May 1822.]

AJJ.1B22.

3° GEO. IV. c.xxix. — xxxvii.

Cap. xxix.

An Act for incorporating the Warxoick Gas Light Company.

rifith Matt 1

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Township of Halifax, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Haufaxt in the West Riding of the County of York.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Wigan in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for lighting the Town of Leith and its Vicinity with Gas, and other Purposes relating thereto.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town and Borough of Stockton9 in the County of Durham.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for better supplying the City of Canterbury and the several Streets and Roads adjoining thereto with Gas.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for incorporating the Warrington Gas Light Company.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Roads leading from the End of Culham Bridge next to Cutham, in the County of Oxford, to the End of Buford Bridge next to Abingdon in the County of Berks; and from the Mayors Stone art the End of Boar Street in the Town of Abingdon, to the West End of the Town of Fyfield in the same County. (5) [15th May 1822.]

[New Trustees. Royal Family exempt from TolU]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair the Road from the upper Part of Leeming Lane, in the Town of Mansfield, opposite to the End of Bath Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Worksop to Kelham, at or near the Corner of Worlcsop Brecksy all in the County of Nottingham. (5)

[15th May 1822.]

[New Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

3 F '2

AOS

1 Q.4. ediii.

27G.S-C.I4.

53 G.3. e.czvili.

90.2. c. 14. 28-G.2. c. 43.

21 G«S. *77.

41 G.3. cJn»s- repealed.

80 *

C. xxxviii. — xlii.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

42 G. 3. C.v. continued. S7 G. 3. c. 14.

42 0.3. c.vi. continued.

300.2. c. 69.

190.3. c. 109. 39*400.3. c.lxri. continued.

31 G. 3.C. 67. 12 0.3. c. 77. 410.3. c.lzzzviu. repcnled.

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending, widening, altering and keeping in Repair the Road from the Eastern End of Potter Street, in the Town of Worksop, to the Bridge over the Chesterfield Canal, leading into the Town of West Retford in the County of Nottingham. (J)

[15th May 18ft]

[Afcw Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for continuing the Term9 and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of Hk late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and improving the Road leading from the City of Canterbury to the Town d Ramsgate in the County of Kent; and for suspending and varying for a further limited Time so much of an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, as relates to the Toll Gate and to the Tolls payable by virtue d the said Act, on the Road leading from the said City of Carter-bury to the Isle of Thanet in the said County of Kent; and for altering the Line of certain Parts of the said Road, (b)

[15th May 18ft]

[iVeto Trustees."]

Cap. xl.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the j Powers of an Act of the Forty second "Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and improving the Road from the City of Canterbury to the Town aid Port of Sandwich in the County of Kent, (b) [15th May 18ft] [Afeto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll-J

Cap. xli.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Denbigh and flint, so far as relate to the Road from Ruthin in the County of Denfyk to Mold in the County of Flint. (5) [15th May 18ft]

[Afav Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new ones gnutei Royal Family exempt from Toll.J

Cap. xlii.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from the Town of Shrewsbury, and from Shelton, in the County of Salop, to Minsterley, Westbury and Baschurch, in the said County of Salop, and to or near to Buttington Hall, in the County of Montgomery; and for repealing Three Acts, severally passed in the Thirty first Year or King George the Second, and the Twelfth and Forty first Years of His late Majesty, relative thereto. (5) [15th May 18ft]

[JVeto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.xliii. — xlvii. 805

Cap. xliii.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of S2G.2. c. 55. several Acts passed for repairing the Roads therein mentioned, 90 JJ*3*c*97; ... in the Counties of Denbigh, Flint and Carnarvon, so far as relate '

to the Road from Wrexham to Denbigh, in the County of Den- °n n 6igh9 and for amending the Road from Ruthin to Cemiogemawr, in the Parish of Llanufydd, in the County of Denbigh. (b)

[15th May 1822.]

[_New Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and neto ones granted.

Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for the more effectually repairing the Road from Harlow ioG.1. c. 9. Bush Common, in the Parish of Harlow, to Woodford in the 16G.2. c. 19. County of Essex, and the Road from Epping, through the 9G-3-c*63* Parishes of Northweald, Basset, Bobbingworth, i/i>A Ongar, ogs'cSk Chipping Ongar and Shelley, to the Four Worn* fray in the repealed. Parish of Shelley, and from thence through the Parishes of i/feA Ongar and Norton Mandeville, to the Parish of Writtle in toe said County, (a) [15th May 1822.]

[Afaw Trustee*.]

Ca/i. xlv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and maintaining the District of Roads in the County of Edinburgh, termed TA* ffWA District, and for other other Purposes relating thereto; and for altering and increasing the Conversions and defining the Bounds of the Middle District of Roads in the said County.

[15th May 1822.]

[Nero Trustees of the Middle District.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering, amending and en- 41 G.s. c.exriii. larging the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's Reign, for continued, repairing the Road from the Borough of Leicester in the County of Leicester, to the Town of Uppingham in the County of Rutland, and to Wan ford and Peterborough, both in the County of Northampton, (a) [15th May 1822.]

£2Veto Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new ones granted.

Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts passed ssG.2.e.7a for repairing and widening the Road from The Hand and Post 20 G.s. c. 76. in Upton Field in the Parish of Burford in the County of Ox- 41 G.3. c.xri. ford, to a Place in the Parish of Preston, in the County of contmu#d* Gloucester, called Dancy s Fancy. (5) [15th May 1822.]

[New Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

3 F 3

49 G. 3. c.xxxvfi. 54 G.S. c.clxx. 66 G.S. c.xliL 43 G.S. c.xxxhr. 1 & 2 G.4. c*f.

C.xlviu. — liii.

5" GEO. IV. A.D. 1892.

26 0.9. c. 84. 19G-3. c. 113. 44 0.9. c.lxtxi. repealed.

8 G. 3.C. 51.

95 0.3. c. 118. 41 G.3. c.cxxii. repealed.

S5G.S.C.S9.

99 G.S. c. 93.

98 G. 3. C. 112. 53G.S. c.cxxxii. repealed as to the Mold District.

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Roads from Spann Smithy, through Middleroich, and by Spittle Hdl in Stanthom, to Winsford Bridge, and from Spittle Hill to North-tvich, in the County Palatine of Chester. (a) [15th May 1822.]

[Afou Trustees. Royal Family exempt from ToH.J Cap. xlix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roedr leading from Bishops Castle, and from Montgomery, to the Road at Westhury, and from Brockton to the Road at Minsterley, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop, Radnor and Montgomery; and for amending, widening and improving several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County of Salop, (<*) [15th May 1822.]

[New Trustees, Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. L

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the North End of a Lane called Rosemary Lane in the Township of Broughton, to the Town of Mold in the County of Flint, and for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making* a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Road. (5)

[15th May 1822.]

[Additional Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, and new ones granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. U.

45 G. 3. c.xxxiv. An Act to alter and enlarge the Tertn and Powers of an Act of continued. His late Majesty, for the making, repairing, lighting, watching

and watering certain Roads, leading from the Borough of Plymouth to Stonehouse Bridge and Plymouth Dock in the County of Devon; and for regulating the Stands and Fares of Hackney Coaches and Carts using the same. (c)

[15th May 1822.]

[Nexu Trustees, Former Tolls to cease, and nmo ones granted. Royal Family exempt from Toll, ']

Cap. lii.

4iG. 3. c. 1ix. An Act for more effectually making, repairing and improving mpetM, the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, to

Badngstoke in the County of Southampton. (6)

[24th May 1822.] [JVetw Trustees, Roydl Family exempt from Toll.-]

Cap. Uii.

33 G.?. c. 97. An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company 45 G 3 c dr. to raise ^urt^er Sum of Money to discharge their Debts, and

58 G. 3.C. 17. to complete said Canal; and for amending the several Acts

passed for making the said Canal.

[24th May 1822.]

3° GEO. IV. C.liv. — Ixi.

107

Cap. liv.

An Act for erecting a Bridewell for the County of Lanark and 1 G.4. c.luri. City of Glasgow.

[24th May 1822.] repealed.

£ Commissioners appointed.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for building a new Goal and a new House of Correction in and for the Town and County of Newcastle-upon-Tyne: and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for facilitating the Collection of certain Tolls payable to the Mayor and Burgess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. lvii.

An Act to establish a Market for the Sale of Butcher's Meat and other Articles, and to repair and amend certain Roads in the Town or Tithing of Bognor in the County of Sussex.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for providing an additional Market Place in and for the Town of Rochdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His 29G.S. c. 44. late Majesty King George the Third, for paving the Footways, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the Town of Chelmsford and Hamlet of Moulsham, in the Parish of Chelmsford in the County of Essex.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions S4 G. 3. c. 5S. of an Act of Dis late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for paving and otherwise improving the Town of Tiverton in the County of Devon; and for lighting the said Town.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. Ixi.

An Act for amending and improving the Roads leading from soG.3. c. 84. Tiltujp s Inn in the Parish of Horsley, to or near Dudbridge in 41 G.3. c.xcir. the Parish of Rodborough, and from the Bridge at Nailsworth repealed-to The Cross Post on Minchinhampton Common, and other Roads thereto adjoining; and for making a new Piece of Road from the said Bridge to The Cross in the Parish of Avening, all in the County of Gloucester, (b) [24th May 1822.]

[Afau Trustee*- Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

3 F 4

808

C.lxii. — lxvii.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

41 G.S. c. 38. repealed.

31 G.2. c. 65.

SO G.3. c. 70.

41 G.2. c.lxxxt. continued.

S3 G.2. c. 51.

18 G.3. c. 86.

41 G.3. c. xc. repealed as relates to the Road

32G.2. c. 40. 19 G. 3. c. 100. 41 G.S. c«xii.

29G.2. c. 85. 16 G. 3. c. 72. 39 & 40 G.3. c.lxx. repealed.

31 G.2. c. 78. 20 G. 3. c. 96. 41 G.S. c.xliii. continued.

Cap. lxii.

An Act for amending and keeping in repair the Road from the Turnpike Gate at the Bottom of White Street Hilly in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew> in the County of Wiki, through the Towns of Shaftesbury, Milborne Party and Sherborne, in the Counties of Dorset and Somerset, to the Halfrey House in the Parish of Nether, otherwise Looser Compton, io the said County of Dorset, and several other Roads communicating therewith, (a) [24th May 1822.]

[Veto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts, for repairing and widening the Road from the Market House io Tetbury, to the Turnpike Road on Minchinhampton Cowmen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Gloucester, so far as the same Acts relate to the Second District of Roads therein mentioned, (c) [24th May 1822.]

[Vno Trustees. Royal Family exempt from TolL Cap. lxiv.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from Whitchurch to Ternhill, in the County of Salop. (b) [24th May 1822.]

[Veto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

from Whitchurch to TernhilL

Cap. lxv.

An Act to repeal several Acts passed for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Bridgewater in the County of Somerset, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads leading to the said Town, and to consolidate and comprise the same in One Act of Parliament, (a) [24th May 1822.]

[Veto Trustees. Additional Toll on Timber Carriages, Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads leading from the East Side of Lincoln Heath to the City of Peterborough, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Northampton and Lincoln; and for making a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Roads, from Bourn to Spalding, in the said County of Lincoln, (a) [24th May 1822.]

[Veto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Guldeford to the Directing Post near the Town of Farnham in the County of Surrey, (a) [24th May 1822.]

[Veto Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new ones granted Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.lxviii. — Jxxv.

909

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the South District of the Road from Houston in the County of Hertford^ to Wanderford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon. (b) [24th May 1822.]

[Afetu Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for repairing and amending several Roads leading to and from the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester, and several other Roads in the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester. (a) [24th May 1822.]

[Afetu Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toff.]

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for repairing, widening and maintaining the Road leading from Hartford to and through North-fleet and Gravesend, and thence to the Stones End, near the Parish Church of Strood9 in the County of Kent. (b) [24th May 1822.]

[Afao Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toff.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for erecting a new Church in the Parish of Greenwich in the County of Kent, and vesting the same and the Scite thereof in Trustees, and for making Provisions respecting the same.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for building a new Gaol and House of Correction for the City and County of the City of Coventry.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for converting the Gaol and House of Correction of the County of Pembroke into a Gaol for the said County, and for the Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest; and for applying the Gaol of the said Town and County of the Town of Haverfordwest to the Purposes of a Lunatic Asylum.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the Divisions of Lindsey, Kesteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln, to take down the present County Hall for the said County, and to erect a convenient Hall instead thereof, with suitable Offices and other Accommodations.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act to amend Two Acts, of the Forty ninth and Fiftieth Years of His late Majesty, for making the Severn and Wye Railway and Canal.

[24th June 1822.]

9 Ann. c. 7. Fr. IS Ann. c. 16. Fr.

130.1. c. 3S. 14G.S. c. 13. 5 G. 3.C. 77. SOG.S. c. 89.

41 G.3«c.lxxx.

1 G.S. ttS. c. 11.

17 G.S. c. 13. SOG.S. c. 64. S9 G. 3. c. 103. repealed.

lG.S. c. 40. SSG.3. c. 98. 41 G.3. c.lx. repealed.

58 G.3. c. 45.

49 G.9. c.clix.

50 G.S. c.ccxv.

810

C. lxxri. — lxxxiii.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 182-

59 G. 3. c.csiii. in part repealed*,

26Gt3. c. 12. in part repealed.

I1 G. 3. c. 36.

12 G.3. c. 15. 57 G. 3. c.xxxiii. 25 G. 3. c. 28. 52 G. 3. c.dxxii.

57 G.3. c.xli.

29 G.8. c. 71.

230.3. c. 13. *3 0.9. c.W.

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Fifty ninth Year of His late Majesty, for erecting and maintaining Ferries across the River Tay in the Counties of Fife and Forfar. (c) [24th «/iuicl822.]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Twenty sixth Year of His late Majesty as relates to the supplying the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster with Water, and to grant other Powers for supplying the said Town and Port, and the Shipping resorting thereto, with Water.

[24-th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for watching, cleansing and lighting the Streets of the City of Edinburgh, and adjoining Districts; for regulating the Police thereof; and for other Purposes relating thereto, (c)

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for the Establishment of Markets for the Sale of Com and other Articles in the City of Cork.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act to enlarge and amend an Act of His late Majesty, for lighting the City and Suburbs of Glasgow with Gas.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for paving, lighting, cleansing, watering and watching that Part of the Parish of Saint Pan-eras in the County of Middlesex called Sommers Town.

[24th June 1822.] [QW Rates repealed and new ones granted.]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for watching, lighting, watering, cleansing, gravelling and otherwise improving the Foot, Carriage and other pdblicWays on certain Lands and Grounds in the Parish of Saint Pancras in the County of Middlesex, called Camden Town.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act to amend an Act of the Forty third Year of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Town of Alloa, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[24th June 1822.]

21

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C. lxxxi v* — lxxxix.

811

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for altering, amending and* enlarging the Powers of Three 350.5. C. 7S. several Acts made in the Thirty fifth, Forty sixth and Fifty 46 G.3. c.xc. third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the 53G.s. c.clxiii. Third, for regulating the Nightly Watch and Beadles, and for paving, repairing, cleansing and lighting the Parish of Saint Mary-le-bone in the County of Middlesex; and for the better Relief and Maintenance of the Poor thereof, and for divers other Purposes therein mentioned, and for making more effectual Provision for those Purposes.

[24-th June 182&]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for amending the several Acts in force for making wide 5G.S. c. 24.(I.) and convenient Streets, Ways and Passages in the City of Cork 11 & 12G.S. and the Suburbs thereof; and for paving, cleansing, lighting c-1- (*) and otherwise improving the said City; and for regulating the 26 G. 3.C. 28. Court of Conscience established therein.

[24th June 1822.] 3G»s. c.i7. (I.>

iu put repeated.

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for continuing the Term* and altering and enlarging the 27 G.2. c. 33. Powers of several Acts passed in the Reign of King George the 81 G.s. c. 94. Second and His late Majesty King George the Third, for re- 42 pairing the Road from Westwood Gate in the County of Bed- 000 n ford, through Rushden and Higham Ferrers, and over Artle-borough Bridge, to Barton Seagrave Lane in the County of Northampton. (a) [24th June 1822.]

[Veto Trustees. Former Tolls to cease, and new ones granted.

Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in ssG.s. c. 58. Repair the Roads leading from certain Bridges over the River 22G.S. c. 108. Wye, called Whitney Bridge and Bredwardine Bridge, in the ^G.s. c.xxxix. County of Hertford, towards the Town of Hay, in the County xePet^ of Brecon, (a) [24th June 1822.]

[Net0 Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road 32G.2.C. 46. from a Place called The Old Gallows in the Parish of Sonning, 20 G.3. c. 99. otherwise Sunning, in the County of Berks, through Working- 41 .ham. New Bracknowl and Sunninghill, to Virginia Water, in the repe*ied' Parish of Egham in the County of Surrey. (6)

[24th June 1822.]

[Veto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers 39 & 40 G. 3* of an Act of His late Majesty King George the Third, for C; XCT* con-more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping

in

C.xc. — xcv.

8" GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

96G.9.C. 78. SOG.3. c. 67.

41 G. 3. c.lxxxiv. repealed.

15 G. 3.C. 73.

36 G. a. c. 141. 54 G.3. c.cxxvi continued.

39 & 40 G. 3. c.xlvi. repealed.

39 & 40 G. 3. c.xv. repealed as to the Road called District of Caerieon.

28 G.2. c. 46. 20 G. 3. c. 69.

in Repair several Roads leading from the Hundred House in the County of Worcester, and also several other Roads therein mentioned, (c J [24th June 1822.]

[Nieto Trustees* Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Guide Post near the End of Drayton Lane, near Banbury in the County of Oxford, to the House called The Sun Risings at the top of Edge Hill in the County of Warwick. (6)

[24th June 1822.]

[Neto Trustees* Royal Family exempt from Toll-]

Cap. xci.

An Act for continuing and amending Three Acts of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick* (c) [24th June 1822.]

[Nieto Trustees* Former Tolls repealed, and neto ones grantedI Sunday Toll continued* Former Exemptions repealed J

Cap. xcii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road between Greet Marlow and West Wycombe, and between Terwick and Aylesbury, in the County of Buckingham; and for making and maintaining Two new Pieces of Road communicating therewith. (<h)

[24th June 1822.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll*]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for repairing, altering and improving the Road from The Stone Pular or Cross Hand in the Parish of Chippenham in the County of Wilts, to or near to Knox Bridge in the Parish of Westerleigh, in the County of Gloucester; and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties of Gloucester and Wilts* (a) [24th June 1822.]

[Neto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for repairing and improving several Roads leading to and from the Town of Caerieon in the County of Monmouth. (6)

[24th June 1822.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll*]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Cross-of-Hand near Finford Bridge in the County of Warwick,

through

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.xcvi. — c. 813

through the Town of Southam in the same County, to the 42 G. 3. c.xlv. Borough of Banbury in the County of Oxford* (a) npM.

[24th June 1822.]

[Nero Trustees. Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted.

Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of an 41 G.s. c.ri. Act of the Forty first Year of His late Majesty King George continued, the Third, for repairing the Road from the Town and Port of Dover to the Town and Port of Sandwich, and also the Road from the present Turnpike Road leading from Dover to Barham Downs, up Kersney Court Hill to the Parish of Whitfield, otherwise Beausfiela, in the County of Kent, (c)

[24th June 1822.]

[New Trustees. Tolls on Road between Sandwich and Eastry, and on Road lying between Eastry and the Turnpike Road from Dover to Barham Downs at the Bottom of Kersney Court Hill, repealed. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcviL

An Act to continue the Term and Powers of Three several Acts 31 G.s. c. 77 for repairing and widening the Road from the Swan Inn at 19 G. 3.C. 104. Ltatherhead, to the May Pole at the upper End of Spital or 39 & 40 G. 3. Somerset Street in the Parish of Stoke, near the Town of Guide- 00, 1

ford in the County of Surrey, (c)^ [24th June 1822.]

[Additional Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for making, widening, repairing and maintaining certain 3SG.3. c. 144. Roads leading to and from the Town of Honiton in the County in put repealed, of Devon, (a) [24th June 1822.]

[New Trustees. Former Tolls made to cease, and new ones granted

Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for amending and repairing the Roads from Minehead in 5 G. 3.C. 93. the County of Somerset, to Batham Bridge in the Town of 26 G.s. c. 136. Hampton in the County of Devon; and for making a new Branch 47 G.s. mm. 1. of Road to communicate therewith, (a) [24th June 1822.] *

[Veto Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. c.

An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the 50G.s. c.clir. Roads leading from the Town of Northampton to Chain Bridge, repealed, near the Town of Market Harborough, and from the Direction Post in Kingsthorpe to Welford Bridge, all in the County of Northampton, (a) [24th June 18*22.]

[New Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

C.ci. — cvj.

3° GEO. IV.

31G.2. c. 61. 19 G. 3. c. 116. 41 G.3. c.xlii. repealed.

c. xiii. ante.

27 G.2. c. 39.

5 G.3. c. 75. 32 G. 3. c. 144. in part repealed.

556.3. c.zcix.

59G.S. c. cxxvii.

A.D. 1822.

Cap. ci.

An Act for more effectually amending and repairing the Road from Cirencester in the County of Gloucester, to the Towt Bridge in Cricklade in the County of Wilts, ^a) [1st July 1822.]

[New Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.2

Cap. cii.

An Act for erecting and maintaining a Cham Pier and other Work connected therewith, at the Town of Brighthelmston, inthf County of Sussex.

[5th July 1822.1

[Vessels in :His Majesty's Service, &c. exempt from Toll.]

Cap. ciii.

An Act for raising Money on the Credit of the County Rates, for the Purpose of rebuilding and repairing certain Bridge, in the County of Westmorland.

[15th July 1822.]

Cap. civ.

An Act to rectify Mistakes in an Act of this Session of Parliament, for making the Road from Brighton to Shoreham Bridge, in the County of Sussex.

[15th JtUy 1822.]

Cap. cv.

An Act for repairing, widening and maintaining several Roads in the Counties of Dorset and Devon leading to and through the Town of Axminster. (b) [15th July 1822.]

[New Trustees. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act to repeal the Acts now in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange / and to provide otfier Regulations for the Making and Sale of Bread, and preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, within the Limits aforesaid.

[22d July 1822.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to repeal the Acts notv in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange, and to prevent die Adulteration of ideal, flour and 1 Bread, and to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third,

intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act made in the Fifty, fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal the Acts notv in force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and the Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and Ten Miles of theviojsX Exchange, and to prevent the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread, and

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.cvi.

815

to regulate the Weights of Bread within the same Limits f which.

said last mentioned Act was, by another Act passed in the Sixtieth Year of His said late Majesty King George the Third,

continued until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty: And Whereas another act was passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to continue until the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty twot Two Acts of the Fifty ninth and Sixtieth Years of His late Majesty, for regulating the Weight and Sale of Breald: And Whereas it is expedient that the said recited Acts of the Fifty ninth and Sixtieth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should be continued until the Twenty niitth Day of September next; and that from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September next, the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the several Provisions therein contained, (except so much thereof as repeals any former Act or Acts) shall be altogether repealed; and that in lieu of the several Provisions and Penalties contained in that Act, and in the said recited Act of the Fifty ninth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, the

Regulations, Provisions and Penalties hereinafter contained shall be substituted: But inasmuch as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with f the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Fifty k ninth and Sixtieth Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and of the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the several Clauses and Provisions therein contained, shall be and the same are hereby continued, and shall remain and continue in force until the said Twenty ninth Day of September next; and that from and after the Baid Twenty ninth Day of September, the said recited Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and all and every the Provisions therein contained, (except so much thereof as repeals any former Act or Acts) shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Bakers or Sellers of Bread within the City of London and the Liberties thereof, within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange9 to make

1 and sell, or offer for Sale, in his, her or their Shop, or to deliver to his, her or their Customer or Customers, Bread made of Flour, or Meal of Wheat, Barley, Rye, Oats, Buck Wheat, Indian Com, Peas, Beams, Rice or Potatoes, or any of them, and with any common Salt, pure Water, Eggs, Milk, Barm, Leaven, PotatoC or other Yeast, and mixed in such Proportions as they shall think fit, and with no other Ingredient or Matter whatsoever, subject to the Regulations hereinafter contained.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Bakers or Sellers of Bread within the Limits aforesaid, to make and sell, or offer for Sale, in his, her or their

Shop,

60 G. 3. c.i.

1 G.4. c. iv.

59G.S. 60G. 3. and 1 G.4. continued to 29th Sept. 1822; and after that Day, 55 G. 3. c. xcis. repeated.

Bread made of the Article* herein mentioned may be old.

Bakers to moke Bread of any Weight or Si*e.

J

C.cvi.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

Bread to be sold by Weight, and in no other manner *

[Penalty.]

Proviso far French and Fancy Bread, and Bolls.

Bakers using any other Weight than Avoirdupois Weight.

[Penalty.]

The Peck Loaf and its Subdivisions not to be made or sold during the next Two Years.

[Penalty.]

Selling Bread not previously weighed.

Shop, or to deliver to hie, her or their Customer or Customers, Bread made of such Weight or Size as such Bakers or Sellers of Bread shall think fit; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, '^That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all Bread sold within the Limits aforesaid, shall be sold by the several Bakers or Sellers of Bread respectively within the said Limits by Weight; and in case any Baker or Seller of Bread within the Limits aforesaid shall sell, or cause to be sold, Bread in any other manner than by Weight, then and in such case every such Baker or Seller of Bread wall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings which the Magistrate or ^Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall order and direct: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or hinder any such Baker or Seller of Bread from selling Bread usually sold under the Denomination of French or Fancy Bread, or Rolls, without previously weighing the same.

V. And be it further enacted, That the several Bakers or Sellers of Bread respectively within the said Limits, in the Sale of Bread shall use the Avoirdupois Weight of Sixteen Ounces to the Pound, according to the Standard in the Exchequer, and the several Gradations of the same for any less Quantity than a Pound; and in case any such Baker or Seller of Bread shall at any Time use any other than the Avoirdupois Weight, and the several Gradations of the same, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounas, nor less than Forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall from time to time order and adjudge.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Baker or Seller of Bread within the Limits aforesaid, during the Space of Two Years from the Commencement of this Act, to make and sell, or offer for Sale in his, her or their Shop, or to deliver to his, her or their Customer or Customers, any Loaf or Loaves of the Description or Denomination of the Peck, Half Peck, Quarter of a Peck or Half quarter of & Peck Loaf or Loaves, or any or either of them; and every such Baker or Seller of Bread who shall at any Time during the said Term make, sell or cause to be sold, or offer for Sale, any Loaf or Loaves of Bread of the Description or Denomination aforesaid, or either of them, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, shall order and direct.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Baker or Seller of Bread shall at any Time before the Expiration of Two Years from the Commencement of this Act, sell or deliver in his, her or their Shop, House or Premises, any Bread which shall not have been previously weighed in the Presence of the Party purchasing the same, whether required by the Purchaser so to do or not, except as aforesaid, then and in every such case every such Baker or Seller of Bread so offending, shall, upon Conviction in

A.D. 1822.

GEO. IV. C.cvi.

817

manner hereinafter mentioned, forfeft and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall from time to time order and adjudge.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every Baker or Seller of Bread within the Limits aforesaid, shall cause to be fixed in some conspicuous Part of his, her or their Shop, on or near the Counter, a Beam and Scales with proper Weights, or other sufficient Balance, in order that all Bread there sold may from time to time be weighed in the Presence of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, except as aforesaid; and in cose any such Baker or Seller of Bread shall neglect to fix such Beam and Scales, or other sufficient Balance, in manner aforesaid, or to provide and keep for use proper Beam and Scales, and proper Weights or Balance, or shall have or use any incorrect or false Beam or Scales, or Balance, or any false Weight not being of the Weight it purports to be, according to the Standard in the Exchequer, men and in every such case, he, she or they shall, for every such false Beam and Scales, and Balance or false Weight, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall order and direct

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Baker or Seller of Bread within the Limits aforesaid, and every Journeyman, Servant or other Person employed by such Baker or Seller of Bread, who shall convey or carry out Bread for Sale in any Cart or other Carriage, drawn by a Horse, Mule or Ass, shall be provided with, and shall constantly carry in such Cart or other Carriage, a correct Beam and Scales with proper Weights, or other sufficient Balance, in order that all Bread sold by every such Baker or Seller of Bread, or by his or her Journeyman, Servant or other Person, may from time to time be weighed in the Presence of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, except as aforesaid; and in case any such Baker or Seller of Bread, or his or her Journeyman, Servant or other Person, shall at any Time carry out or deliver any Bread, without being provided with such Beam and Scales with proper Weights, or other sufficient Balance, or whose Weights shall be deficient in their due Weight according to the Standard in the Exchequer, or shall at any Time refuse to weigh any Bread purchased of him, her or them, or delivered by his, her or their Journeyman, Servant or other Person, in the Presence of the Person or Persons purchasing or receiving the same; then and in every such case every such Baker or Seller of Bread shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall order and direct.

X. And be it farther enacted, That no Baker or other Person or Persons who shall make Bread for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, nor any Journeyman or other Servant of any such Baker or other Person, shall at any Time or Times, in the making of Bread for Sale within such Limits, use any Mixture or Ifigredieqt whatsoever in the making of such Bread, other than and except as hereinbefore mentioned, on any Account or under any Colour

3 Geo. IV. 3 G or

[Penalty.]

Bakers to pro-, vide in their Shops Beams, Scales and Weights, &c. and to weigh Bread, Ac.

[Penalty.]

Bakers and Sellersof Bread, &c. delivering by Cart, &c. to be provided with Scales,

Weights, &c. for Weighing Bread.

[Penalty.]

Adulterating

Bread.

SIS

C.cvi.

38 GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

Penalty

Names of Of-lenders to be published.

Adulterating / Corn, Meal or Flour.

Selling Flour of one Sort of Corn as thf Flour of any other Sort.

[Penalty.]

Bread made of mixed Meal of Flour to be marked with a

or Pretence whatsoever, upon Pain that every such Person, whether Master or Journeyman, Servant or other Person, who shall offend in the Premises, and shall be convicted of any such Offence, by the Oath, or in case of a Quaker, by Affirmation, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his, her or their own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, or in Default thereof shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the City, County. Borough or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Time of such Commitment, unless the Penalty shall be sooner paid, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of JLondo* or the Liberty of Westminster, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, in case any shall be so forfeited, paid or recovered.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person within the Limits aforesaid, shall nut into any Corn, Meal or Flour, which shall be ground, dressed, bolted or manufactured for Sale within such Limits, either at the Time of grinding, dressing, bolting or manufacturing the same, or at any other Time, any Ingredient or Mixture whatsoever, not being the real and {genuine Produce of the Corn or Grain which shall be so ground; or if any Person shall, within the Limits aforesaid, knowingly sell, or offer or expose for Sale, either separately or mixed, any Meal or Flour of one Sort of Corn or Grain, as the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Corn or Grain, or any Ingredient whatsoever mixed with the Meal or Flour so sold or offered or exposed for Sale; then and ih every such Case every Person so offending shall, upon Conviction before any one or more Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the City, County, Borough or Place where such Offence shall have bees committed, on the Oath, or in case of a Quaker by Affirmation, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his, her or their own Confession, forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Suib not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, which such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall make for Sale, or sell or expose for Sale, within the Limits aforesaid, any Bread, made wholly or partially of the Meal or Flour of any other Sort of Cora or Grain than "Wheat, or of the Meal or Flour of any Peas or Beans, shall cause all such Bread to be marked with a large Roman M; and if any Person shall at any Time, within the Limits aforesaid, make or sell, or expose for Sale, any such Broad without such Mark as hereinbefore directed, then and in

21; even *

I

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV.

Crcvi.

813

, every such case, every Person! so offending shall, upon Conviction

(in manner hereinafter mentioned, forfeit and pay for every Pound I Weight of such Bread, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity, which shall be so made for Sale or sold or exposed for Sale* with-r out being so marked as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, as the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall take place, shall from time to time order and adjudge.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any 1 Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within ' the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, and also for any Peace Officer or Officers, authorized by Warrant under the Hand and Seal 1 or Hands and Seals of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice 1 or Justices (and which Warrant any such Magistrate or Magistrates,

1 Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to grant) , at ' seasonable times in the Day Time, to enter into any House, Mill,

1 Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Bolting House, Pastry Warehouse, Outhouse or Ground of or belonging to any Miller, Mealman or Baker, or other Person who shall grind Grain, or dress or bolt Meal or | Flour, or make Bread for Reward or Sale, within the Limits aforesaid, and to search or examine whether any Mixture or Ingredient not the genuine Produce of the Grain such Meal or Flour shall import or ought to be, shall have been mixed up with or put into any Meal or Flour in the Possession of such Miller, Mealman or Baker, either in the grinding of any Grain at the Mill, or in the dressing, bolting or manufacturing thereof, whereby the Purity of any Meal or Flour is or shall be in any wise adulterated; or whether any Mixture or Ingredient, other than is allowed by this Act, shall have been mixed up with or put into any Dough or Bread in the Possession of any such Baker or other Person, whereby any such Dough or Bread is or shall be in any wise adulterated; and also to search for any Mixture or Ingredient which may be intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration or Mixture; and if on any such Search, it shall appear that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so found, shall have been so adulterated by the Person in whose Possession it shall then be, or any Mixture or Ingredient shall be found, which shall seem to have been de* posited there in order to be used in the Adulteration of Meal, Flour or Bread; then and in every such case, it shall be lawful for every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid respectively, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to seize and take any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread which shall be found in any such Search, and deemed to have been adulterated, and all Ingredients and Mixtures which shall be found and deemed to have been used or intended to be used in or for any such Adulteration as aforesaid; and such Part thereof as shall be seized by any Peace Officer or Officers authorized as aforesaid, shall, with all convenient Speed after Seizure, be carried to the nearest resident Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within the Limits of whose Jurisdiction the same shall have been so seized; and if any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, who shall make any such Seizure in pursuance of this Act, or to whom any thing *o seized under the Authority of this Act shall be brought, shall

[Penalty.]

Magistrate* or Peace Officers, by their Warrants, may search a Baker's Premises, and if any adulterated Flour, Bread, &c. be found, the tamer may be seised and disposed of as herein mentioned.

820

C. cvi.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1821

Ingredients for Adulteration of Meal or Bread found in any Premises.

First Offence. Second Offence. Subsequent Offence.

Names of Offenders to be published.

Obstructing

Search.

adjudge that any such Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread so seised have been adulterated by any Mixture or Ingredient put therein, other than is allowed by this Act, or shall adjudge that any Ingredient or Mixture so found as aforesaid shall have been deposited or kept where so found for the Purpose of adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread; then and in any such case, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, is and are hereby required, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to dispose of the same as be or they, in his or their Discretion, shall from time to time think proper.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Miller, Mealntn or Baker, within the Limits aforesaid, in whose House, Mill, Shop, Stall, Bakehouse, Boltinghouse, Pastry Warehouse, Outhoo *, Ground or Possession, any Ingredient or Mixture shall be found, which shall, after due Examination, be adjudged by any Mar*-trate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, to have ben deposited there for the Purpose of being used in adulterating Meal, Flour or Bread, shall, on being convicted of any such Offer *, either by his, her or their own Confession, or by the Oath, or in the case of a Quaker by Affirmation, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, forfeit and pay, on every such Conviction, m Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds aor less than Forty Shillings for the First Offence; Five Pounds for the Second Offence, and Ten Pounds for every subsequent Offence; or in default of Payment thereof, shall, by Warrant under die Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, be 'apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some Prison of the City, County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Time of such Commitment, (unless the Penalty be sooner paid) as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall think fit and order; and it shall be lawful for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any such Offender shall be convicted, to cause the Offender's Name, Place of Abode and Offence, to be published in some Newspaper which shall be printed or published in or near the City of London, and to defray the Expence of publishing the same out of the Money to be forfeited as last mentioned, in case any shall be so forfeited, paid or recovered.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully obstruct or hinder any such Search as hereinbefore is authorized to be made, or the Seizure of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or of any Ingredient or Mixture which shall be found oh any such Search, and deemed to have been lodged with an Intent to adulterate the Purity or Wholesomeness of any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, or shall wilfully oppose or resist any such Search being made, or the carrying away any such Ingredient or Mixture as aforesaid, or any Meal, Flour, Dough or Bread, which shall he Seized as being adulterated, or as not being made pursuant to this Act, he, she or they so doing or offending in any of the Cases last aforesaid, shall for every such Offence, on being convicted thereof, forfeit and pay such Sam, not exceeding Ten Pounds, ns the Magistrate

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1822.

r GEO. IV. C.cvi *

821

or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, shall think fit and order:

Provided also, that if any Person making or who shall make Bread for Sale within the Limits aforesaid, shall at any time make Complaint to any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, within his or their Jurisdiction, and make appear to him or them, by the Oath, or in the case of a Quaker by Affirmation, of 1 any credible Witness, that any Offence which such Person shall have been charged with, and for which he or she shall have incurred and paid any Penalty under this Act, shall have been oc-f casioned by or through the wilful Act, Neglect or Default of any Journeyman or other Servant employed by or under such Person so making Complaint, then and m any such case, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, may and is or are hereby required to issue out his or their Warrant, under his or their Hand and Seal, or respective Hands and Seals, for bringing any «uch Journeyman or Servant before any such Magistrate or 5 Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace acting in and for the City, County, Division or Place where the Offender can be found; and on any such Journeyman | or Servant being thereupon apprehended and brought before any

such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, he or they,

1 within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is and are hereby authorized and required to examine into the Matter of such Complaint, and on Proof thereof upon Oath or Affirmation to the Sa-1 tisfaction of any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, who shall hear such Complaint, then any such 1 Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices is and are hereby directed and authorized, by any Order under his or their respective Hand or Hands, to adjudge and order what reasonable Sum ' of Money shall be paid by any such Journeyman or Servant to his Master or Mistress, as or by way of recompence to him or her for the Money he or she shall have paid by reason of the wilful Act, Neglect or Default of any such Journeyman or Servant; and if any such Journeyman or Servant shall neglect or refuse, on his Conviction, to make immediate Payment of the Sum of Money which any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall order him to pay by reason of such his said wilful Neglect or Default, then any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within his or their respective Jurisdiction, is or are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to cause such Journeyman or Servant to be apprehended and committed to the House of Correction, or some other Prison of the City, County, Division or Place, in which such Journeyman or Servant shall be apprehended or convicted, to be there kept to hard Labour for any Term not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Time of suen Commitment, as to such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall seem reasonable, unless Payment shall be made of the Money ordered after such Commitment, and before the Expiration of Die said Term of Six Months.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Master, Mistress, Journeyman or other Person respectively, exercised or employed in the Trade or Calling of a Baker within the Limits

Offences occasioned by wilful Default of Journeymen and 8enrantt,

Proceedings.

Penalty on Journeymen.

Not paid.

Imprisonment,

Ac.

Bakers baking Bread or Rolls on the Lord's

B22

C.cvu

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Day; or selling Bread, or baking Bread, Pies, fgc. except between certain Hours.

[Penalty.]

First Offence. Second Offence.

Subsequent

Offence.

Bakings may be delivered till Half past One oa Sundays.

aforesaid, shall, on the Lord's Day, or on any Part thereof, make or bake any Bread, Rolls or Cakes of any Sort or Kind; or shall, on any other Part of the said Day than between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, on any Pretence whatsoever, sell or expose to Sale, or permit or suffer to be sold or exposed to Sale any Bread, Rolls or Cakes, of any Sort or Kind; or bake or deliver, or permit or suffer to be baked or delivered, any Meat, Pudding, Pie, Tart or Victuals, except as hereinafter is excepted, or in any other manner exercise the Trade or Calling of a Baker, or be engaged or employed in the Business or Occupation thereof, save and except so far as may be necessary in setting and superintending the Sponge to prepare the Bread or Dough for the following Day's Baking; and every Person offending against the last mentioned Regulations, or any One or more of them, or making any Sale or Delivery hereby allowed otherwise than within the Bakehouse or Shop, and being thereof convicted before any Justice of the Peace of the City, County or Place where the Offence shall be committed, within Six Days from the Commission thereof, either upon the View of such Justice, or on Confession by the Party, or Pkoof by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, shall for every such Offence pay and undergo the Forfeit' ure, Penalty and Punishment hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) , for the First Offence the Penalty of Ten Shillings; for the Second Offence the Penalty of Twenty Shillings; and for the Third and every subsequent Offence respectively the Penalty of Forty Shillings; and shall moreover, upon every such Conviction, bear and pay the Costs and Expences of the Prosecution, such Costs and Expences to be assessed, settled and ascertained by the Justice convicting, and the Amount thereof, together with such Part of the Penalty as such Justice shall think proper to be allowed to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for Loss of Time in instituting and following up the Prosecution, at a Rate not exceeding Three Shillings per Diem, and to be paid to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors for his, her and their own Use and Benefit, and the Residue of such Penalty to be paid to such Justice, and within Seven Days after his Receipt thereof to be transmitted by him to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall be committed, to be applied for the Benefit of the Poor thereof; and in case the whole Amount of the Penalty, and of the Costs and Expences aforesaid, be not forthwith paid after Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, such Justice shall and may, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, direct the same to be raised and levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders; and in Default or Insufficiency of such Distress, commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, on a First Offence for the Space of Seven Days, for a Second Offence for the Space of Fourteen Days, and on a Third or any subsequent Offence for the Space of One Month, unless the Whole of the Penalty, Costs and Expences be sooner paid and discharged; Provided nevertheless, that it shall be lawful for every Master or Mistress Baker, residing within the Limits aforesaid, to deliver to his or her Customers, on the Lord's Day, any Bakings until Half an Hour past One of the Clock in the Afternoon of that Day, without

23

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.cvi. 823

incurring or being liable to any of the Penalties in this Act con-t&ined.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall follow or be concerned in the Business of a Miller, Meahnan or Baker, shall be capable of acting or shall be allowed to act as a Justice of the Peace under this Act, or in putting in Execution any of the Powers in or by this Act granted; and ifariy Miller, Mealman or Baker shall presume so to do, he or they so offending in the Premises shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pav the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same, to be recovered, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall resist or make forcible Opposition against any Person or Persons employed in the due Execution of this Act, every such Person offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, at the Discretion of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom he or she shall be convicted of such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering and applying whereof is not herein otherwise directed) , shall upon Proof and Conviction of the Offences respectively before any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace for the City, County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed (as the case may require) , either by the Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath (or in case of a Quaker on Affirmation) of any credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath or Affirmation every such Magistrate or Justice is in every such case hereby fully authorized to administer) , be levied, together with the Costs attending the Information and Conviction, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrate or Justice (which Warrant such Magistrate or Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant); and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Side, are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid upon Conviction, then it shall be lawful for such Magistrate or Justice to order the Offender or Offenders so convicted to be detained and kept in safe Custody, until Return can be conveniently made to such Warrant of Distress, unless the Offender or Offenders shall give sufficient Security to the Satisfaction of such Magistrate or Justice, for his or their Appearance before such Magistrate or Justice on such Day or Days as shall be appointed for the Return of such Warrant oi Distress, such Day or Days not being more than Seven Days from the Time of taking any such Security, and which Security the said Magistrate or Justice is hereby empowered to take by way of Recognizance or otherwise; but if upon the Return of such Warrant it shall appear that no sufficient Distress can

Miller, Madman or Baker, acting aa a Justice of Peace.

Penalty, 1001.

Opposing Execution of Act.

[Penalty.]

Recovery and Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Distress.

[Pages repeated]

364 be

Miller, Meal-man or Baker, acting as a Justice of Peace.

Penalty, 1001.

Opposing Execution of Act.

[Penalty.]

Recovery end Application of Penalties and Forfeitures.

Distress.

ss't

Imprisonment

Sumfbonaet

sermd.

Form.

Information for OfiocM,

Form.

Ccvfe 3° GEO. IV. A.D. 183

be hadthereupon, then it shall be lawful for any such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the City, County or Place where the Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bad or Main prize for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, (save and except as herein otherwise directed) , unless such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the same, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and the Monies arising by such Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines respectively, when paid or levied, if not otherwise directed to be applied by tide Act, shaft be from time to time paid, One Moiety thereof to the Informer sr Person suing for and recovering the same, and the other Moiety to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place m which such Offence shall have been committed, to be by them applied and disposed for the Benefit of the Poor thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Summons to be served on every Offender against any of the Provisions aC this Act, shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

To A.B. of

WHEREAS Complaint and Information hath been > made before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Jus-

(to wit.) J tices of the Peace or Magistrate for the said [County, Ac.) by E*F. of, That, Sfy- [Acre state

the Nature and Circumstances of the Case, as far ae it shmU he necessary to shew the Offence, and to bring it within the Authority of the Justice or Magistrate, and in doing that follow the Words of the Act as near as man be]; These are therefore to require yen personally to appear before me [or such other Justice or Magistrate as shall be then and there present] at in the said

[County, %c.] on the Day of next, at

the Hour of in the noon, to answer to the

said Complaint and Information made by the said E. E, who is likewise directed to be then and there present to make gdod the same. Herein fail not. Given under my Hand this Day of /

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Information to be laid before any Justice or Magistrate for any Offence against this Act shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

County of1 HE it remembered, That on the Day of

}*" A.E. of in the said

1 (to wit.) J County, informeth me, One of His

Majesty's Justices of the Peace [or Magistrate, as the case may 1 be] for the said County, that of

in the said County [here describe the Offence, with the Time and

Place, and follow the Words of the Act as near as may be], contrary to the Statute made in the Third Year of the Reign of King 1 George the Fourth, intituled An Act to repeal the Acts now su

force relating to Bread to be sold in the City of London and the

Liberties thereof, and within the Weekly Bills of Mortality and

Ten Miles iff the Royal Exchange; and to provide other Jfegv-

lotions

i

A.D. 1822.

3* GEO. IV,

Ccvi.

825

lotions far the Making and Sale of Bread, and preventing the Adulteration of Meal, Flour and Bread within the Limits aforesaid, which hath imposed a Forfeiture of for the said

Offence. Taken the Day of before me

a.b:

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Hidt aH Offences committed against this Act shdl be laid before the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, usually acting in and for, the District in which the Offence shall have been committed, in a l summary Way upon Complaint, and the said Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered to issue J his or their Summons for the Purpose of hearing and determining the same.

XXIII. And be it farther enacted, That if it shall be made ap-| pear, by the Oath or Affirmation of any credible Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, that any Person or Persons within the Jurisdiction of

1 any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is or are likely to give or offer material Evidence on behalf of the Prosecutor of any Offender or Offenders against the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and wifi I not voluntarily appear before such Magistrate or Magistrates* Jts-f tice or Justices, to be examined and give his, her or their Evidence concerning the Premises, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and re *

quired to issue his or their Summons to convene every such Per-t son or Persons before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice i or Justices, at such seasonable Time as in such Summons shall be i fixed; and if any Person so summoned, after having been paid or I tendered a reasonable Sum for his, her or their Costs and Expences, i shall neglect or refuse to appear at the Time by such Summons i appointed, and no just Excuse shall be offered for such Neglect or I Refusal, then (after Proof upon Oath of Affirmation of such Suiri-i mo ns having been duly served upon the Party or Pafties so summoned) every such Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices, is and are hereby authorized and required to issue his or their Warrant, under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to bring every such Person or Persons before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices; and on the Appearance of any such Person before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, every such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to examine, i upon Oath or Affirmation, every such Person; and if any such I Person, on his or her Appearance, or on being brought before any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall refuse to be examined upon Oath or Affirmation concerning the Premises, without offering any just Excuse for such Refusal, any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, within the Limits of is or their Jurisdiction, may, by Warrant under his Hand and Serf,

; or their Hands and Seals, commit any Person or Persons so re-, fusing to be examined, to the public Prison of the City, County, Division, Liberty or Place, in which the Person or Persons So refusing to be examined shall be, there to remain for any Time not

exceeding

Informations laid before acting Magistrate of District.

Power to summon Witnesses in prosecuting Offences.

Tender of Expences.

Examination upon Oath.

Committal.

S- GEO. IV.

8*J

False Evidence.

Perjury-

Form of Conviction.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form.

Proviso for Tender of Amends.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

G cvf;

A.D. 1ss:.

exceeding Fourteen Days, as any such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, shall direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shill take any Oath or make any Affirmation by this Act directed to be taken or made, shall wilfully forswear himself or herself, or make any false Affirmation, every such Person shall be subject and liable to be prosecuted for Perjury, by Indictment or Information, according to due course of Law; and if convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the Pains and Penalties which Persons coo-victed of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom any Person, shall be convicted in manner prescribed by this Act, shall cause every *udi Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

BE it remembered, That on this to wit. 1 Day*of

Year of the Reign of before

for the said County of Division of the said County of Liberty or Town of be] for

in the

A. R. is convicted Majesty's Justices of the Poet [or, for the

or, for the City, [os the case shall happen it and do adjudge

him [or her or them, as the case may fe] to pay and forfeit fir the same, the Sum of

Given under

the Day and Year aforesaid. '

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Judgment or Conviction made touching or concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or of any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Cer-tiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His, Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied bj | virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on Account of any Defect or Want of Fora in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or any other Proceeding relating therety; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initioj on sc-, count of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shfcll and may recover full Satisfacnoa for the Special Damage, if any, 'in an Action on the Case; but w Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Imago-larity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been m*k by or on behalf of the Party'distraining before such Actica brought.

XaVH. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted. Tat if any Person or Persons convicted of any Offence punishable by this Act, shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. t'.cvi.

whom he, she or they shall have been convicted, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons from time to time to appeal to the Justices at the next General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the City, County, Division, Liberty, Town or Place where such Judgment shall have been given; and that the Execution of such Judgment shall in such case be suspended, the Person or Persons so convicted entering into a Recognizance within Twenty four Hours of the Time of such Conviction, with Two sufficient Sureties, in double the Sum which such Person or Persons shall have been adjudged to pay or forfeit, upon Condition to prosecute such Appeal with effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the Justices at their said next General or General Quarter Sessions; which Recognizance the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be had, is and are hereby empowered and required to take; and the Justices in the said General or General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and finally determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; and if upon hearing the said Appeal the Judgment of the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, before whom the Appellant or Appellants shall have been convicted shall be confirmed, such Appellant Nor Appellants shall forthwith pay down the Sum he, she or they shall have been adjudged to have forfeited, together with such Costs as the said Justices in their said General or General Quarter Sessions shall award to be paid to the Prosecutor or Informer, for defraying the Expences sustained by reason of any such Appeal; and in Default of the Appellant's pay-ng the same, any Two Justices, or any One Magistrate or Justice 3f the Peace having Jurisdiction in the Place into which any such Appellant or Appellants shall escape, or where he, she or they shall eside, shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or lis Hand and Seal, commit any such Appellant or Appellants to he Common Gaol of the City, County, Division or Place where he, the or they shall be apprehended, until he, she or they shall make Payment of such Penity, and of the Costs and Charges which shall >e adjudged on the Conviction; but if the Appellant or Appellants n any such Appeal shall make good his, her or their Appeal, and >e discharged of the said Conviction, reasonable Costs shall be iwarded to the Appellant or Appellants against such Informer or [nformers who would (in case or such Conviction) have been en-itled to a Moiety of the Penalty to have been recovered as aforesaid; and which Costs shall and may be recovered by the Appellant or Appellants against any such Informer or Informers, in ike manner as Costs given at any General or General Quarter Sessions are recoverable: Provided always, that no Person shall e detained in Prison for any such Offence for any greater length f Time than Three Calendar Months.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any uch Conviction shall happen to be made within Six Days before ny General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace shall be ield for the City, County, Division, Town Corporate, Borough or *lace where such Conviction shall have been made, that the Party »r Parties who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by

any

827

Recognisance.

Final.

Costa.

Appellant not paying Sum adjudged

ugainrt him.

Proceedings.

Penalties how divided.

Costa how recovered.

Where Conviction within Six Days of Quarter Sessions, Time allowed for Appeal *

C.cvi.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

8*8

limitation of Artiom.

S4G.lc. 4i. extended to tip* Act.

Service of Writ upon Peace Officer.

Notice.

Tender of Amends,

Pleaded.

Cesiat

any such Conviction, shall and may, on entering into a Recognisance in Manner and for the Purposes before directed, be at liberty to appeal either to die then next or next following General or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any such County, Division, City, Town Corporate, Borough, Liberty or Place, where any such Conviction shall have been made.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced against any Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices, or any Peace Officer or Officers, for any Matter or Thing done or committed by virtue of or under this Act, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the City, County or Place where the Matter in Dispute shall arise, and not elsewhere; and that the Statute made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for rendering Justices of the Peace more safe a the Execution of their Office, and for indemnifying Constable* a*d other* ading in Obedience to their Warrants, so far as the said Act relates to the rendering the Justices more safe in the Execution of their Office, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Magistrate and Magistrates, Justice and Justices of the Peace acting under the Authority or in pursuance of this Act; and that so Action or Suit shall be had or commenced against, nor shall soy Writ be sued out, or Copy of any Writ be served upon any Peace Officer or Officers, for any thing done in the Execution of this Act, until Seven Days after a Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for him or them at his or their usual Place of Abode, by the Attorney for the Party intending to commence such Action, which Notice in Writing snail contain the Name and Place of Abode of the Person intending to bring such Action, and also of his Attorney, and likewise the Cause of Action or Complaint; and any Peace Officer or Officers shall be at Liberty and may, by virtue of this Act, at any time within Seven Days after any such Notice shall have been given to or left for him, tender or cause to be tendered any Sum or Sums of Money, as Amends for the Injury complained of, to the Party complaining, or to the Attorney named in such Notice; and if the same be not accepted, the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Actions may plead such Tender in Bar of such Action or Actions, together with the General Issue, or any other Plea, with Leave of the Court in which the Action shall be commenced; and if upon Issue joined on such Tender the Jury shall find the Amends tendered to ha?e been sufficient, they shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in every such case, or if the Plaintiff shall become Nonsuit, or discontinue his Action, or if Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants upon Demurrer, or if any Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited by this Act for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and m every such case the Jury dull find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled to his or their Costs; but if the Jury shall find that no such Tender was made, er that the Amends tendered were not sufficient, or shall find against the Defendant or Defendants on any Plea or Pleas by him or them pleaded, they

shall

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.eyi.

shall then give a Verdict for the Plaintiff1, and such Damages as they shall think proper, and the Plaintiff shall thereupon recover his Costs against every such Defendant or Defendants.

XXX. And be it farther enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced against any other Person or Persons than a Magistrate, Justice or Peace Officer, for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant or Defendants m any such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Actand if it shall appear so to have been done, or if a Verdict shall be recorded for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffii shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given upon a Verdict or Demurrer against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cases by Law for the Recovery of his, her or their Costs.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be convicted of any Offence under this Act, unless thp Complaint is made within Forty eight Hours after the Offence shall have been committed, except in Cases of Perjury; and that no Person who shall be prosecuted to Conviction for any Offence done or committed against this Act, shall be liable to be prosecuted for the same Offence under any other Law.

XXXII. And be it also enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted, and the Application of which is not hereinbefore directed, shall, when recovered or paid, go and be disposed of in manner following; (that is to say). One Moiety thereof, where any Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, either by his, her or their Confession, or by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform against and prosecute to Conviction any such Offender or Offenders; and the other Moiety thereof, or in case there be no such Person informing, then the Whole thereof shall go and be paid to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Parishes, for the Use of the Poor in the Parish wherein such Offence shall be committed, in such manner as such Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor shall in their Discretion think fit.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act, or any Thing herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend in any way to affect, lessen or infringe upon the Rights and Privileges of the City of London, or of the Worshipful Company of Bakers of the said City, or of the Wardmote Inquests of the said City, or of the City or Liberties of Westminster or Borough of Southwark; or any Right or Custom of any Lord or Lords of any Leets, or the Rights of any Clerk or Clerks of the Market, in any Place, which may be exercised and enjoyed *by them or any of them, by virtue of any Charters, Bye Laws, Prescriptions, Usages, Customs, Privileges, Grants or Acts «f Parliament; but that all such Rights and Privileges shall be held, exercised

829

In Action for stenting An.

QnmAlmm.

Treble Cotta.

Limitation of Information.

Application of Penalties.

Proviso for Rights of London and Westminster, Ac.

830

Commencement of Act,

Public Act,

18G.2. c. 29.

. 37 G. 3. c. 65.

5 1-

if G.3. c. 51.

cised and enjoyed by the Parties respectively entitled thereto, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as the same were held, exercised and enjoyed before the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take effect from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and twenty two.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cvii.

An Act for regulating the Office of Treasurer, and altering and amending the Acts now in force for assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates, so far as the same relate to the County of Middlesex.

[22d July 1821]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the Twelfth t y, year the Reign Qf His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assessing, coueetisg ' and levying of County Rates,

+whereby the justices of the Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions, were authorized and empowered from time to time to make One general Rate or Assessment for such Sum or Sums of Money as they in their Discretion should think sufficient to answer all and every the Purposes therein mentioned, instead and in lieu of the several, separate and distinct Rates directed by former Acts to be made, levied and collected, which Rate should be assessed upon every Town, Parish or Place, within the respective Limits of their Commissions, in such Proportions as any of the Rates theretofore made in pursuance of the said several Acts had been usually assessed, and the several and respective Sums so assessed upon each and every Town, Parish or Place, within the respective Limits of their Commissions should be collected by the High Constables of the respective Hundreds and Divisions, in which any Town, Parish or Place did lie, in such Manner and at such Times as was and is thereinafter directed: And Whereas an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty King George the Second (amongst other Purposes,) for extending the Powers and Authorities of Justices or the Peace of Counties, touching County Rates, to the Justices of the Peace of such Liberties and Franchises as have Commissions of the Peace within themselves: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for empowering the Justice of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, for the more easy assessing, collecting and levying of County Rates: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty

36 G.3. c. 49.

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.cvii

King George the Third, to explain and amend the said last mentioned Act: And Whereas another Act was passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, to amend the said last mentioned Act: And Whereas another Act was passed in the First and Second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend several Acts relating to the assessing, levying and collecting the County Rates: And Whereas Abuses and Irregulari ties have occurred in the Execution of the Office of Treasurer for the County of Middlesex; and it is expedient to make further Provision relative to the Appointment of such Treasurer, and the Security to be taken from him and his Sureties for the due Execution of his Office, and for preventing the Accumulation of large Balances in the Hands of such Treasurer in future,

and for duly auditing and publishing die Accounts of such Treasurer, and to make such further Provisions and Regulations touching the assessing, collecting and levying of the County Rates for the said County, and the Execution of the Office of Treasurer thereof, as are hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person who shall be or shall have been named in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, and shall have duly qualified for the Office of Justice of the Peace for the said County, shall be capable of being elected Treasurer of the said County: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to remove the present Treasurer of the said County from his said Office, or to render him ineligible thereto, so long as the said Justices for the said County shall think proper to continue him therein; provided he shall, within Twelve Calendar Months from the passing of this Act, obtain his Removal from the Commission of the Peace for the said County.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or hereafter to be appointed Treasurer of the said County of Middlesex, before he shall do any Act in the Execution of his Office, shall, together with One or more Person or Persons to be approved as his Surety or Sureties by the Justices of the Peace assembled at some General Sessions *, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or the major Part of them, enter into One or more Bond or Bonds in Writing, under his and their Hands and Seals, to the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the time being (who for that Purpose shall be and be deemed a Body Corporate) , and to his Successors, in such Penalty or Penalties as the said Justices shall approve, to be conditioned for the due and faithful Execution of the Trusts reposed in such Treasurer so long as he shall be continued in that Office, and for the duly accounting by such Treasurer, his Executors and Administrators, for all such Rates, Assessments and other Monies, as shall come to the Hands of such Treasurer by virtue of his said Office, and for paying over the Balance that may be found to be due from him or them, on the taking of such Treasurer's Accounts, to such Person or Persons as the said Justices of the Peace in General Sessions,

SSI

S7 G. 3.C. 94. 1&SG.4. c. 85.

No Person in the Commission of the Peace, (and duly qualified) , to be elected County* Treasurer, Stc.

Treasurer to giye Security by Bonds, with Sureties.

Bonds to be registered.

Certificate of Registry.

Bond# to remain with Clerk of the Peace, and be produced at Sea* ions.

If lost, &c. a Minute made.

Copies from R^titfnraT .Roods £n-

c.evii. 3° GEO. IV. - A.tt.18*.

or General Quarter Sessions assembled, shall direct; and that s Memorial, containing a full Copy of every such Bond, and the Names, Descriptions and Additions of the Witness or Witnesses to the Execution of such Bond, and which Memorial shall be signed and sealed by the Obligor or Obligors in the Bond of which the same shall be a Memorial, shall, within Thirty Days next after the Date of such Bond be registered by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, for the time being (the Expence whereof to be paid out of the County Rates) , in die Office for the Registerr Deeds within the said County of Middlesex, which Registration shall take place and be made upon the Oath or Affirmation of the Witness, or One of the Witnesses to such Bond, to be sworn before the Registers or Masters of the said Office, or One of their Deputies, or before a Master m Chancery, Ordinary or Extraordinary, that he the Witness saw such Memorial signed and sealed, and the Bond to which it referred duly executed, and a Certificate of the same being so registered, shall be indorsed on the original of each and every such Bond, (for which Purpose the same shall be left at the said Registry Office, together with such Memorial as aforesaid) , which Certificate shall specify the certain Day and Hour on which the same Bond shall have been so registered, and the particular Book in which such Memorial shall bare been entered, and the Number of the Entry thereof in such Book, and shall be signed by One of the Masters or Registers of the said Office, or One of their Deputies.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Original of every such Bond as aforesaid, (after the same shall be returned from the said Registry Office) shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County for the time being, who shall at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, on the County Day of such Sessions, produce and 1st such Bond or Bonds before the Justices of the reace then sod there assembled; and shall enter in die Order Book of the aid General Quarter Sessions a Minute or Memorandum of the same having been so done j and if any such Bond shall appear to the said Justices (on the Oath of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, or of some other Person or Persons competent to prove the same, which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorised to administer) to be lost or destroyed, then a Minute or Memorandum of sudi Loss or Destruction shall be entered in the said Order Book of the said General Quarter Sessions.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in any Action or Suit in any Court of Law or Equity, upon or relating to any such Bond e aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Judge or Judges, Justices or others, to receive in Evidence the Memorial of such Bond, or the Entry thereof, in the Books of the aforesaid Registry Office (the Party offering such Memorial or Entry m Evidence mat producing sufficient proof of the Entry of such Minute or Memorandum of the Lon or Destruction of the'original Bond as aforesaid) , as and for legal Proof of such Bond or Bonds having been signed, sealed and delivered by the Obligor or Obligors therein named, in like manner as if such Bond or Bonds had been produced, and the Execution thereof duly proved at the Trial or Hearing of such Action or Suit.

3° GEO. IV.

833

V. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall act in the Execution of the said Office of Treasurer, by receiving any Sum or Sums of Money or otherwise, without such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid having been executed and registered as aforesaid, (save and except any Person acting in the said Office pro tempore under any Appointment from the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or any of them duly authorized to make such Appointment, and who shall, by such Appointment, be expressly authorized to act, without giving Security) , shall, for every such acting forfeit and pay the Sura of One hundred Pounds, and also Double the Amount of any such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall have so received as aforesaid; such Penalty or Penalties to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Churchwarden or Churchwardens of any Parish in the said County, who shall be authorized to sue for the same by the Vestry of such Parish, or by the Overseer or Overseers of any Extraparochial Place in the said County, for the Use and Benefit of the Poor of such Parish or Place, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and die Sum or Sums of Money recovered (the Costs excepted) shall be applied to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted, That at every General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden in and for the said County of Middlesex, on the First Day of such Sessions on which the Justices shall assemble at the Session House for the said County, the Treasurer of the said County for the time being shall, and is hereby required to exhibit and deliver to the Justices of the Peace then and there assembled, true and exact Accounts of all and every the 1 Sum and Sums of Money received by him under or by virtue of the then last preceding or any former Rate or Rates not accounted for, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid out of the Monies so received or otherwise in the Execution of his said Office of Treasurer, up to the Day next preceding the First Day of the same Quarter Sessions inclusive; and that thereupon the said Justices or the major Part of them so assembled, shall appoint a Committee of Justices of the Peace of the said County, to audit the said Accounts and to examine the Vouchers in support thereof;

: which Committee of Justices so to be appointed as aforesaid, or Three of them at the least, shall forthwith proceed to audit and examine the same Accounts and Vouchers; and having so done, they or Three of them, shall make a Report in Writing, to be subscribed with their Names and Handwriting, of the Result Of their Examination to the said Justices at the same General Quarter Sessions of the Peace or some Adjournment thereof; at which Sessions or Adjournment the said Justices or the greater Part of them then and there assembled, (having first audited and allowed the said Accounts) , shall proceed to make a General Quarterly Rate or Assessment upon the said County, as hereinafter mentioned; and thereupon the Treasurer of the said County shall, within Seven Days from the Time of making such Rate, transmit to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every Parish and Extra-parochial Place in the said County, a Copy of the Order for making such Rate or Assessment for the Information of the Inhabitants 3 Geo. IV. 3 H oi

Treasurer acting without Bond having been given.

Exception.

[Penalty.]

Treasurer to deliver in Accounts at every Quarter Sessions.

Committee of Justices at Quarter Sessions to Audit Accounts.

Report.

Copies of Orders for making Rate transmitted to Parishes.

devil.

3° GEO. IV.

A.p.ms.

Within 14 Days after Allowance of Accounts! Treasurer to transmit Copies thereof to Parish Officers.

Penalty, 501.

Treasurer making Default removed from his Office.

Justices to make a County Rate at every Quarter Sessions.

of such respective Parishes and Extraparochial Place* and shall cause a like Copy to be stuck upon the Door of the Sessions House for the said County within Forty eight Hours after the making of such Rate.

VII. And be it further enacted, That within Fourteen Days after the Allowance of every such Account by the said Justices as aforesaid, the Treasurer of the said County for the time being shall transmit a full Copy of the same Account, with the Names of the Justices who shall have audited and reported on the same subjoined thereto, together with a true Copy of the Order lor allowing the said Account, attested by the Clerk of the Peace or his. Deputy, to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of even Parish, or Extraparochial Place in the said County, contributing t* the County Rates, for the Information of the Inhabitants of such respective Parishes and Extraparochial Places; and the said Treasurer of the said County for the time being shall, and he is hereby further required, within Ten Days from and immediately after tbt Time of such Allowance as aforesaid, to publish in Three of tk Daily London Newspapers circulating in the said County, a tree and accurate Abstract of such Accounts under their several Heath, with the Names of the Justices who shall have audited the said Accounts subjoined thereto, under a Penalty of Fifty Pounds for every Omission of such Publication, to be levied and recovered is such manner as by the said Act made in the Fifty fifth Year the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third is directed, with respect to Penalties for Offences committed contrary to the Provisions of that Act; the Expence of which Copies, and of advertising the same as aforesaid, shall and may be defray*! out of the County Rate.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any Adjournment thereof, or the Majority of them, by any such Quarterly Account as aforesaid, that the Treasurer of the said County hath received any Sara or Sums of Money, and not duly accounted for the same to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds or upwards, the said Justices shall and are hereby required forthwith to remove such Treasurer from his said Office, and to appoint some other Person in his Race or Stead; and also to direct the Clerk of the Peace for the said County to put in Suit against such defaulting Treasurer, and hi* Surety or Sureties, and his and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons liable thereto, the Bond or Bonds to be executed by him or them as hereinbefore directed, for the Purpose of recovering the Monies which shall have been received and not duly accounted for by such Treasurer as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or some Adjournment thereof, or the major Part of them so assembled, and they are hereby, required, after the Accounts of the Treasurer of the said County shaiLliave been audited and allowed as hereinbefore mentioned, to make a County Rate at each and every such Quarter Sessions for the Quarter of the Year then next ensuing, (to be computed

A.D. 1822,

3° GEO. IV.

CVcvii.

335

from the County Day in every such Quarter Session# until;

the County Day in the Quarter Sessions then next ensuing); every

such Rate to be made in the same manner as the Half yearly Rates

for the said County have been heretofore made: Provided always, Returns of

that it shall not be necessary for the said Justices to require new Keotsb not w

Returns of the Rental or Value of Estates within the several

Parishes, Towns, Liberties, Precincts, Villages, Hamlets and Place* 1^"*° *

within the said County, previous to making any such Quarterly

Rate; but it shall be lawful for them to make any such Rate or

Rates upon any previous Returns, so that such Returns be not

made less frequently, or in any other manner than Is now required

by Law.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case, at Proviso to be the Time of making any such Quarterly Rate or Rates as aforesaid, inserted in new it shall not be made appear to the said Justices that Three fourths or more of the Monies actually received by the Treasurer for the ofjfonCTwT-said County for the time being, on account of the last preceding lectedby virtue Rate, have been actually and duly expended, then and in such, of precoding case, and so often as the same shall happen, the Order for making Ratediave not any new Rate shall contain a Proviso or Direction, that no Monies been exPended. shall be collected or paid as hereinbefore mentioned, on Account of such new Rate, until Three fourths of the Monies so received as aforesaid, on Account of the preceding Rate, shall have been actually expended as aforesaid, and the said High Constable shall have been authorized as next hereinafter mentioned, to require Payment of the Monies due on such new Rate: Provided never- Order for Pay-theless, that in case it shall happen that Three fourths of the ment Money so actually received on account of a preceding Rate as1 aforesaid shall have been expended and exhausted in the Interval fourths of Mb*-between any Two General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, then and ney collected by in such case, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be law- virtue of pre-ful for the Justices of the Peace for the said County, at any Adjournment of such Sessions, or at any General Sessions of the ^etHietwcmi Peace, or Adjournment thereof, on Production before them of the1 ^wo General Order made at the then last preceding General Quarter Sessions* Quarter Ses-of the Peace, for the making of a new Rate with such Proviso ons. or Restriction as hereinbefore mentioned, and on the Oath of the Treasurer for the said County for the time being, (which Oath the said Justices are hereby authorized to administer,) that Three-fourths or more of the Monies actually received as aforesaid have been then duly paid and expended, to make an Order for authorizing the Payment and Receipt of the Rate so made as last aforesaid; and thereupon it shall be lawful for the High Constables receiving such Order to issue their Warrants to all Churchwardens,

Overseers and other Persons, who shall or may be liable in that behalf, demanding Payment of the same, and which shall be accordingly paid in Tike manner as if no such Proviso or Restriction is aforesaid had been contained in the Order for making such Rate or Rates.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in ease the Treasurer of In one of he said County for the time being shall die, or become Bankrupt Bank->r Insolvent, and at the Time of such Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency, any Balance shall appear to* be due from such Treasurer, Treasurer,

>r his Estate, or any Sums of Money shall be unaccounted foe by tiocs npy mak *

3 H 2. hint, new Rates.

836

C.cvii.

GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

Ckuae of making Special Rate to be specified in Order for the same.

Monica paid on Account of Rate quashed, deemed a Pay* meat of Rate, made on the 18th April 1838.

Rate to be *alid.

Churchwardens, &c. pay appoint

him, which shall not be immediately recoverable, then, and in any or either of the said cases, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at the next General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, if they shall find it expedient to make a new Rate or Rates for making good such Balance or Sums of Money unaccounted for, notwithstanding Three fourths of the then preceding Rate may not have been expended, independent of such Balance or Sums unaccounted for as the'case may be, any thing contained in the said recited Acts, or in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: Provided always, that a separate and distinct Rate shall be made for each or any of the Purposes last mentioned; and the same shall not be included in any General Quarterly Rate to be made as aforesaid; and the Cause of making such Special Rate shall be specified in the Order for making the same: Provided also, that after any such Special Rate as last mentioned shall have been made and raised, all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be recovered from the Treasurer making such Default as aforesaid, or his Assignees, or his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, or his Surety or Sureties, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, shall be paid to the next succeeding Treasurer of the said County as Part of the County Stock.

XII. And Whereas a County Rate, made by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, on or about the Tenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and twenty two,

was, at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, holden by Adjournment on or about the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, quashed on the Ground that it did not sufficiently appear that Three fourths of the Monies, received on account of the last preceding Rate, had been expended previous to the making of such Rate: And Whereas some Payment or Payments may have been made on Account of the Rate so quashed: And Whereas on or about the same Eighteenth Dsj 4 of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, another Rate was made for the County in lieu of the Rate so quashed as aforesaid, but Doubts are entertained whether such new Rate is not also illegal on the Ground above stated; Be it therefore enacted, That all and every Payment and Payments which, before the passing of this Act, hath or have been made on account of the Rate so quashed as aforesaid, shall be taken and accepted as a Payment or Payments on account of the Rate made on the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and twenty two aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said last mentioned Rate shall be and be deemed to be as good and valid as if Three fourths of the Monies collected or received on account of the last preceding Rate had been duly expended previous to the making thereof, (subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to any Appeal

or Appeals already made or hereafter to be made against any Fart or Parts of the same, on the Ground of any Inequality in the Assessments of any Parishes or Places specified or comprized therein.)

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of every Parish or

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C. cvii.

M7

Extraparochial Place within the said County, from time to time, , by any Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, to appoint any One or Two Persons to inspect the Accounts of the Treasurer of the said County, and the Vouchers for the same, in which case any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County shall, and are hereby authorized, if they shall think fit, to make an Order that the Person or Persons so to be appointed shall have full and free Access to such Accounts and Vouchers, and all Papers connected therewith, at all seasonable Times; which Order the said Treasurer and the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, and all other Persons concerned or interested are hereby required to obey; and every Person disobeying such Order shall for every such Act of Disobedience incur a Penalty of Fifty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as, by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third is directed with respect to Penalties for Offences committed contrary to the Provisions of that Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers as aforesaid, or any other Person or Party who shall be liable to the Payment of any such Rate or Rates as aforesaid, to ask and demand of and from the Clerk of the Peace for the said County or his Deputy, a Copy or Copies, Extract or Extracts of or from any Order or Orders for making any County Rate or Rates, or for any Payments or Allowances out of Monies arising from any County Rate or Rates, and also any Copy or Copies, Extract or Extracts of or from any Account or Accounts of the Treasurer of the said County, or any Voucher or Vouchers belonging to any such Account or Accounts; for which Copies or Extracts the said Clerk of the Peace shall be allowed to charge the Sum of One Shilling if the same shall not contain more than One hundred Words; and if the same shall contain more than One hundred Words, then at and after the Rate of One Shilling for the first One hundred Words contained therein, and for every subsequent One hundred Words, and so in proportion for every Number of Words (more or less) than One hundred after the first One hundred Words, and no more; and if the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall, for Ten Days next after he shall be so asked or required, refuse or neglect to give such Copy or Copies, Extract or Extracts as aforesaid, to any Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers, who shall so ask or demand the same, and who shall, at the Time of such Demand, offer to pay the Charges of such Copy or Copies, Extract or Extracts as hereinbefore directed, he or they shall for every such Refusal or Neglect be liable to the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, to be levied and recovered in such manner as by the said Act of the Fifty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third is directed with respect to Penalties for Offences committed contrary to the Provisions of that Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Churchwarden or Churchwardens, Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, or other Inhabitant or Inhabitants of any Parish, Township or Place, whether Parochial or otherwise, where there is no Churchwarden or Overseer, or Person appointed to act as such, shall at any Time have reason to think that such Parish, Township or Place is aggrieved

Persons (under Order of Justice) to Inspect Accounts, &e.

Penalty, 501. levied ss by 55 G.3. C. 51.

Churchwardens, &c. may demand Copies of Rates and Accounts.

Allowance to Clerk of the Peace for Copies and Extracts.

Penalty, 301.

Appeal against Rates.

* ss

According m Quarter 8e*. siont shell be held.

Notice.

Payment of Rate not suspended by Appeal.

Kate not quash ed for want of

Form.

Expence of Appeals.

C.cvii. 3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

or injured by any Rate or Rates to be made under or by virtue of either of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, on the Grand of any Account of the said Treasurer, or any Part or Parti of aoy such Account, not having been audited, or having been unduly or improperly audited or allowed, or of such Abstract as aforesaid not having been published as hereinbefore directed, or oo the Ground of Three fourths of any former Rate or Rates not haring been duly expended previously to the making of any new Rate or Rates, or any other just or reasonable Objection to such Rate or Rates, then and in such case and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for such Churchwarden, Overseer or other Inhabitant as aforesaid, who shall so think himself or themselves, or the Parish, Township or Place, in respect of which he or they shall be interested or concerned, aggrieved or injured as aforesaid, to appeal against any such Rate or Rates to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, provided the County Day of such Sessions shall not fall or happen within Fourteen clear Days next after the Expiration of One Calendar Month from and after the Receipt by such Churchwarden or Overseers of the Poor of the before mentioned Copy of the Order for making such Rate; but if the same County Day shall m fall or happen, then to the General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions then next succeeding, such Churchwarden or Overseer, or other Inhabitant as aforesaid, giving Ten clear Days' Notice ii Writing of his or their Intention so to appeal previous to the County Day of such Sessions or succeeding Sessions, as thecae may be, to the Clerk of the Peace and the Treasurer for the sal County for the time being, by leaving the same at their respective Offices; and the Justices of the Peace shall at suck Sessions or succeeding Sessions, or at some subsequent Sessions to which they may think proper to adjourn such Appeal, hear and determine the Causes and Matters thereof, and quash, alter or amend the Rate appealed against, or give such other Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem just and proper: Provided always, that the fty* ment of any Rate or Assessment shall not be suspended or delayed in consequence of any such Notice of Appeal, or while such Appeal may be depending, but the same and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, collected and recovered, in such and the same manner as if no such Notice of Appeal had been given.

XVII. Provided also, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, Order or Orders, or other Proceedings whatsoever under this Act or the said recited Acts, shall be vacated or quashed for want of Form; but that any Rate or Assessment, or anj Matters of Form in any Order or Proceeding may be amended as the Justices at any such General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace may order and direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of soy Appeals respecting any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act or Acts relating to the County Rate, the Expences of all such Appeals shall be borne and paid by such respective ftriahes, Townships, Places and Persons, or such of them, and in such Flu-portions as the said Justices shall upon any Appeal in their General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions award and order, and shall not be charged to or be paid out of the County Hate.

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C.cvii. cviii.cix.

83!)

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Expences of preparing, obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Charges incident or relating thereto, shall be paid by the Treasurer of the said County of Middlesex out of the First Monies which shall be in his Hands on account of the County Rates.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the

City of Cork to the Town of Skibbereen in the County of Cork, and a Branch therefrom communicating with the Town of Kinsale in the said County, (b) [22d July 1822.]

[New Trustees.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for removing the Waterworks at London Bridge.

[26th July 1822.]

WHEREAS by an Indenture bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of May, in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and made or expressed to be made between the Right Honourable Sir John Braunche Knight, Lord Mayor of the City of London, and the Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, of the One Part, and Peter Morrys of the other Part; and an Indenture bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day of December, in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of Her 4 said Majesty Queen Elizabeth, and made or expressed to be made between the Right Honourable Thomas Blanche Lord Mayor of the said City of London, and the Commonalty and Citizens of the same City, of the One Part, and the said Peter Morrys of the other Part; and an Indenture bearing Date the Twenty fourth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and one, and made or expressed to be made between the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London of the

One Part, and Thomas Morrys Administrator of his Grandfather

the said Peter Morrys, of the other Part; the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens granted Licences to erect certain Engines in the River Thames ', at London Bridge, and to lay down Pipes for supplying the Inhabitants of London with Water, for Terms, of which Two hundred and sixty Years, or thereabouts, are nowun *

expired: And Whereas certain Persons entered into a Copartnership, for carrying on the said Waterworks, under the Firm or Style of " Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks and by virtue of an Indenture or Deed of Regulations, bearing Date the Twenty ninth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and three, the Property of the said Copartnership was divided into Three hundred Shares, and the Management, Controul and Direction of the same, and the Business thereof, were vested in Nine Persons, Proprietors of the said Works, to be appointed as therein is mentioned, and called 44 A Committee of Assistants, "

Expences of Act paid out of County Rates.

Public Act

Indenture, SOth May. 33 Elis.

Indenture, 34th Dec. 85 Elis.

Indenture, 24th Nor. 1701.

Indenture, 29th June 1703.

Copartnership for carrying on the said Waterworks.

840

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 18Si

C. cix.

Licences for erecting Engines in the River.

Purchases of Grounds, &c* for the purposes of the said Copartnership. '

Present Proprietors.

29 G. 2. c. 40. 5 21.

§23.

or the major Fart of them: And Whereas Taro further licences to erect Engines in the said River, at the said Bridge, for gup- plying the Inhabitants of London and Southwark with Water, base ' been granted to certain of the Proprietors of the said Waterworks, for Terms of which Two hundred and aixty Years are now unexpired, by certain Indentures, One of them bearing ' Date the Fifth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and sixty one, and made or expressed to be made between the said ' Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the One Part, and 1 Thomas Strode, John Anthony Merle, Abraham Atkins and Bdrye

Lake, Esquires, for and on Behalf of themselves and the Rest of the Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, of the other

Part; and the other of them bearing Date the Eighth Day tf July One thousand seven hundred and sixty seven, and made or expressed to be made between the said Mayor and Commonahj and Citizens, of the One Part, and the said John Anthony Merle, Abraham Atkins and Bibye Lake, for and on Behalf of themselves and the Rest of uie Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, of the other Part: And Whereas the said Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks have, from time to time, purchased and obtained, for the Purposes of their said Copartnership, certain Messuages, Ground, Buildings, Tenements md Hereditaments: And Whereas the Proprietors of the said Waterworks who now form the Committee of Assistants, under or ia pursuance of the said Indenture or Deed of Regulations, are Richard Clarke Esquire, William Child Esquire, Joseph Braebuy Esquire, William Willis Esquire, David King Esquire, George Scholeu Esquire, an Alderman of the said City of London, Thornes Poynaer Esquire, William Wix Esquire, and Sir Francis Molyneux Ommanney Knight; and Richard Percival Esquire is now the Treasurer of the said Proprietors of the said Waterworks: And Whereas each and every of the said Three hundred Shares of and in the said Copartnership hath been divided into Eve 4 Shares, so that the Property of the said Copartnership now consists of One thousand five hundred Shares: And Whereas by so Act passed in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to improve, widen and enlarge the Passage over and through London Bridge, it was provided, that nothing in that Act contained should extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to extend, to empower the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Coubcil assembled, to remove or alter any of the Arches under the said Bridge, or any Engines fixed up therein, which then belonged to the Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, or th take away any Right which the said Proprietors of the said London Bridge Waterworks then had, to the Use or Enjoyment of any of the Arches of the said Bridge, by Grant or Lease froo the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of London, for raising Water therefrom; and it was thereby enacted, that if it should be found necessary to take down or alter any of the Piers of the said Bridge, in order to enlarge any of the Arches thereof, and thereby the raising of Water by the said Works should be prejudicea, that then and in every such case the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the said City, in Common Council assembled,

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV.

Gobi.

841

should, and they were thereby required, on Complaint mid Proof of such Damage, to stop or pen up, or cause to be

stopped or pent up, a like body of Water as should be discharged by the taking down or altering any of the said Piers, for the Use 4 of the Proprietors of the said Waterworks: And Whereas by virtue of the Powers of the said Act, Two of the Arches or Waterways of the said Bridge were converted into One, by making the present large Arch near the Centre thereof: And Whereas, in order to give force to the said Waterworks, several of the Arches or Waterways under the said Bridge have since been partially dammed or stopped up, in pursuance of the said Act, and additional Wheels and other Machinery have been since erected, extending further into the River from both Shores, on the West Side of the said Bridge: And Whereas the great Fall of Water

occasioned by the said Waterworks and Obstructions renders the

Navigation through the Bridge, at particular times of the Tide, dangerous and destructive to the Lives and Property of His Majesty's Subjects: And Whereas it is necessary that the said Waterworks and Obstructions should be removed from the said River; but it is expedient that the Public should not be deprived ' of the of Water which is now afforded by the said Water-

works i Whereas by Letters Patent of His Majesty King Letter* intent, James the First, bearing Date the Twenty first Day of June, in 81st June.

the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, after 17 *

reciting (amongst other things) that Hugh Middleton (afterwards Sir Hugh Middleton) , with the Aid or other Adventurers, had brought a fresh Stream of running Water from the Springs of Chaawell and Amwell in the County of Hertford to the City of London and the Suburbs thereof, it was granted, ordained and

appointed, that the said Sir Hugh Middleton and the Twenty eight other Persons therein named, and all and every Person or Persons who thereafter should be elected and chosen into the Place of them, or any of them who should die or be removed,

thereafter should be One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of "The Governor and Company of the New River brought

from Chadwell and Amwell to London," and that by the same Name they should have perpetual Succession: And Whereas for the Purpose of obtaining the Removal of the said Waterworks and Obstructions, and procuring the Continuation of a Supply ' of Water to the Inhabitants of the Places who are at present

supplied with Water from the said Waterworks, the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and the said Committee of Assistants of the Proprietors of the said London Bridge Waterworks, and the Governor and Company of the New 4 River, are willing and desirous of effecting an Arrangement,

whereby all the hereinbefore mentioned Licences for erecting Engines on the said River may become void, and all the Messuages, Buildings, Ground, Tenements and Hereditaments of the Proprietors of the said Waterworks, and all the Wheels, Pipes,

Engines, Apparatus and Stores, and all the Water Rents payable

to them from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June now last past, should be absolutely vested in the said Governor and Company of the New River, who should be empowered to raise Water, by Means of Steam Engines, from the said River

Thames;

C.cix.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

' Thames; and that in Part Compensation to the said Proprietors of the said Waterworks, the said Governor and Company of the

Nets River should secure to them certain Annuities or yearly Sums during the Term of Two hundred and sixty Years, being

the Residue remaining unexpired of the Terms of Years for which the aforesaid Licences were granted; and should also secure certain Life Annuities, by way of Pensions, now payable to certain Servants of the said Proprietors, or the Relatives of such Servants; and that to provide further Compensation to the

said Proprietors, the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens *4 should be empowered to raise and pay them the Sum of Ten *4 thousand Pounds, together with Interest (if any) as hereinafter a

mentioned s And Whereas, with a View of improving the present Approaches to London Bridge, or any new Bridge which mar '4 be erected near the Site thereof, it is expedient that the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens should be empowered to purchase from the said Governor and Company of the New River, such of the Estates of the said Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks as are situate near the said present London Bridge, to the Eastward of the Hall of the Fishmongers9 Company: And Whereas the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens are possessed of a considerable Sum of Money, arising from the Estates

vested in them as Trustees for the Repairs and Support of London Bridge: And Whereas, if the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens be empowered, out of the Monies of which they are possessed as Trustees as aforesaid, to raise a Sum of Money not exceeding Fifteen thousand Pounds, to enable them to pay the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds to the said Proprietors at the London Bridge Waterworks, and to purchase the said Estates from die said Governor and Company of the New River, and to defray the Expences of this Act, the same may be repaid with Interest out of such Fund as may hereafter be raised by Authority of Parliament for improving or making Approaches to the v 4 said present Bridge, or any new Bridge, ! or for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by die King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the sunt, 39 G.2. c. 40. That from and after the Payment of the Sum of Ten thousand

so ton* relates Pounds to the Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, as hereinafter is mentioned, so much of the said recited Act of the wonts, repeated. jwenty ^nth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as

obliges the Water to be stopped or pent up at the said Bridge to give effect to the said Waterworks, and as prevents the Major, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, from removing or causing to be removed the Wheels, Machinery and Works belonging to the said Proprietors of the said Waterworks, or removing or altering any of the Arches: of the said Bridge, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

15float, of the

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Bridge Houae Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, and Fund applied they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise and apply, by and out of the Moniej of which they are possessed as Trustees as

A.D. 1822.

C.cix.

843

3° GEO. IV.

1 aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of 1 Fifteen thousand Pounds, for the Purposes of this Act, and that - Purnimmm the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds Part thereof shall be paid to the ofwhkh r' Richard Percival, or other the Treasurer for the time being io/xxM. to I *

1 of the said Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, to- p«dd to Proprio-

gether with (in case the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall torVof w*t*r" l* not be paid within Fourteen Days next after the passing of this work* '

Act) Interest for the ssme in the meantime at the Rate of Five 6 Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Expiration of the said Fourteen Days.

Ilf. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Cnpontkm Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Com-raon Council assembled, and they are hereby empowered, in the Name of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City Wlnj of pjj, of London, ' to agree with the said Governor and Company of the monger*' Hall Neto River for the Purchase of the Houses, Buildings, Ground, from the New Tenements and Hereditaments in the City of London, to be con- *Ter veyed and assigned by the Committee of Assistants of the said Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, as hereinafter is mentioned, which are situate to the eastward of Fishmongers'Hall, and to pay any Part of the Monies to be raised and applied for the.

Purposes of this Act, not exceeding the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, for the Purchase thereof, and to accept and take a Conveyance thereof from the said Governor and Company of the Neto River (who are hereby empowered to sell and convey the same,) notwithstanding the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary.

IV. And be it further enacted, that the Costs and Expences of Expencts of obtaining and passing this Act shall be defrayed by and out of the Act how pud. Monies authorized to be raised and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Sums, of Money to be Money raised raised and applied for the Purposes of this Act shall be repaid to *° the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens, as Trustees as aforesaid, with Interest for the same in the meantime after the , WI Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be computed from the Time of Payment thereof respectively, by and out of any Fund which may hereafter be raisea by Authority of Parliament for improving or making Approaches to the said present London

Bridge, or any new Bridge to be erected in the Stead thereof, or for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River.

VI. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum Upon Payment of Ten thousand Pounds, and Interest (if any) as aforesaid, to the of dj* io, ooooh said Richard Percival, or other the Treasurer for the time being

of the said Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, aS 2jBri2Ltobe the Licences granted as aforesaid for erecting or maintaining En- void, gines or other Obstructions or Works in or upon the said River at the said Bridge, shall be absolutely null and void; and that the Receipt in Writing of the said Treasurer shall be an effectual Discharge to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens for the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and Interest (if any) as aforesaid, and that they shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Nonapplication, or be in any wise ^obliged or concerned to see to the Application thereof.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

844

Committee of Amounts on Behalf of ell the Proprietors to complete the Arrangement with the Mew River Com-pm/.

New River Company to receive Water Rents, and defray Expences from 24th June 1822.

New River Company to pay Annuities out of their net Water Rents.

c. cix.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Nine Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, who now form the said Committee of Assistants, or the major Part of them, or the Survivors of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, but also for and on the Behalf of all other the Proprietors of the said Londc* Bridge Waterworks, and notwithstanding some of them may be Trustees, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert, beyond the Seas, Lunatics, Idiots or under other Disability or Incapacity, or Disabilities or Incapacities, to treat for, sell, convey and assign all the Messuages, Buildings, Grouftd, Tenements and Hereditaments (subject to the Rents and other Charges payable in respect of the same,) 'and all the Wheels, Machinery, Engines, Pipes, Apparatus and Stores, Rents or Dues arising or to arise for or in respect of the supplying of Water from and after the Twenty fourth Day of Jar One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, and all other the Property of the said Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, except the licences so to be annulled or made void aforesaid, to the said Governor and Company of the said to* River, for such Consideration or Equivalent to be paid or secured to be paid to the Proprietors of Shares in the said Waterworks by way of Annuities, or otherwise, or other Compensations, under such Conditions, Restrictions and Regulations as they the sad Committee, or the major Part of them, or of the Survivors of them shall think proper and advantageous to the said Proprietors, and to execute any Deed or Deeds for carrying any such Arrangement into effect which shall be binding and conclusive on all the said Proprietors, whether under any Incapacity or Disability or oat, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if such Arrangement a aforesaid shall be effected, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of the New River to receive sod take all the said Rents or Dues in respect of Water supplied by the said London Bridge Waterworks, from the said Twenty fourti Day of June One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, they the said Governor and Company paying and discharging all the Expences of supplying the Water, and conducting the said Concern, from such Twenty fourth Day of June until the Discontinuance of the said Concern on the Completion of the said intended Arrangement, and the said Proprietors collecting and receiving for their own Use all Arrears of Rents accrued due before the said Twenty fourth Day of June.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if in effecting such Arrangement as aforesaid, the said Governor and Company of the said New River shall covenant and agree to pay a Compensation by way of Annuities to the said Proprietors of the London Bridgv Waterworks, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the New River, by a Deed under their Common Seal, such Deed to be duly enrolled in Chancery, to agree to pay out of the net Water Rents of the said Governor and Company of the New Rivery such Annuities for such Term or Terms of Years, Life or lives, and at such Times and in such Manner as shall be agreed upon, before any Dividend is made to the Proprietors of the New River; and in case of Nonpayment

3° GEO. IV. C.cix.

A.D. 1822.

f- 845

payment of anch Annuities, or any of them, it shall be lawful for Nonpayment, i the said several Persons to whom the same respectively shall be; agreed to be paid, their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to recover the Arrears of the said Annuities so payable to . them respectively, together with his or their Costs of Suit, in an Action of Debt for Money had and received against the said Governor and Company of the New River, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, notwithstanding the Existence Proceedings, of the said Deed, and the Remedy upon the Covenant, or any other Remedy thereby to be given, in which Action the net Water " Rents of the said Governor and Company shall be presumed to be ' sufficient for Payment of the said Arrears, unless the contrary be specially pleaded; and in case of such Plea it shall be lawful for the Court in which such Action is brought, or any Judge thereof, if they or he shall think fit, to make a Rule or Order for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in any such Action, or his or their Attorney, to inspect all and every the Books of Account and other Documents of the said Governor and Company of the Nero River, in order to ascertain the net Amount of the Water Rents by them received* out of which the said Sums of Money shall be so payable as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, that in case the said Governor Annuities to be and Company of the New River shall agree to pay any Annuities entered in a to the said Proprietors of the said London Bridge Waterworks, Book* during any Term or Terms of Years, then, for the better Security of the said Governor and Company of the Nero River, and in order to prevent Disputes with respect to the Title to the said Annuities, the said Governor and Company shall, as soon as conveniently may be, cause the Names and Additions of the several ' Persons to whom such Annuities respectively shall be agreed to be paid, together with a Number distinguishing each and every Annuity, to be fairly and distinctly entered in a Book to be kept by a Clerk to the said Governor and Company; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said several Persons in such Book named, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to sell and dispose of their respective Annuities, by an Instrument in Writing in the Form or to the Effect following:

r in consideration of paid to Form of Inns-

me by do hereby bargain, sell, assign and ferofAnnuitie*.

transfer unto the said his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, [One or more as the case may fc,] Annuities ' of payable by the Governor and Company of

the New River to the late Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, under and by virtue of an Arrangement made pursuant to the Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act for the Removal of the Waterworks at London Bridge: As witness my Hand, the Day of .

And such Instrument, after being, executed in the presence of a Tranfers to be Witness, shall be shewn and produced to the Clerk of the said Goregistered, veraor and Company at the New River Office personally by the Proprietor who executed the Transfer, or shall be transmitted to the

846

C.cix *

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1ss*.

the said Clerk, together with an Affidavit bj euqb Witness of the Identity of the Party executing such Transfer, and of the due Execution thereof; which said Clerk shall in either of the said Cases enter and register a Memorial thereof in the said Book, at some other Book hereafter to be kept for that Purpose, and shall testify and indorse the Registry of such Memorial on the said Instrument of Transfer, for which no more than Ten Shillings shall be paid, and the said Clerk is hereby required to register such Memorial accordingly; and until such Entry and Register the Purchaser of any such Annuities shall not be entitled to recerre any Payment on account thereof from the said Governor and Coe-pany.

XL. And Whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the ' Transfer of the Right and Title to the said Annuities, by the ' Marriage, Death, Bankruptcy or Insolvency of the Persons titled to them, or by means other than by Assignment as herehbefore mentioned; and it may be difficult in such Cases to *- certain to whom the Payments arising or becoming due in respect ' of such Annuities ought to be paid and do belong; Be it there-Regulations of *re farther enacted, That before any Person or Persons vk> the Property in shall claim any such Annuity or Annuities in Right of Marriage the Annuities, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit verifying a Copy in case of of the Register of such Marriage, or the effect of such Register. ^>e*th/kMar- he made and sworn to by some credible Person before a

BiStroptcT. Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Ms-p ' jesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Governor and Company, who shall file the same, and make an Entry thereof in the Book which shall be kept for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of the said Annuities as aforesaid, for which the Sum of Five Shillings shall be charged and no more; and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any of the said Annuities by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive any Payment thereon, the Probate of the said Will, or the Letters of Administration, shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk, or a Copy of such Will, verified (if required) on Oath by any Executor or Executors of such Will, or affirmed to by inch Executor or Executors, in case he or they shall be Persons commonly called Quakers, before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall be transmitted to the said Clerk, who shall file and enter the same in the manner hereinbefore mentioned, upon receiving the like Sum of Five Shillings; and that in all Cases other than those hereinbefore mentioned, when the Right and Property m One or more of the said Annuity or Annuities shall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons, either as Assignees, by virtue of any Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or otherwise howsoever, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by One of the Assignees of such Bankrupt or Insolvent, or by One credible Person, before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the manner in which such Annuity or Annuities hath or have passed to sack Person or Persons; and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Governor and Company, who shall thereupon file

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV.

Ccix.

817

and enter the same, and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Book, upon being paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and that in all Cases whatsoever the said Governor and Company of the New River shall pay the said Annuity or Annuities to the Person or Persons whose Name or Names shall be entered in such Book as the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively, and shall be fully indemnified by suen Payments accordingly against all Claims on the Part of any other Person or Persons whomsoever.

All. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and corruptly make any false Affidavit or false Affirmation touching the Premises, he shall and may be prosecuted for the name, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the same Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

Alii. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Governor and Company of the New River shall agree to pay any Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, then and in such cose all and every Person or Persons who now hold any of the Shares in the said London Bridge Waterworks, under or subject to any Trusts in favour of any other Person or Persons, shall hold the Annuity or Annuities to be agreed to be paid to him, her or them respectively, under and subject to the same Trusts.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the New River, by their Servants, Workmen or others, with the Approbation of the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose (which Approbation shall not be withholden but upon reasonable Ground of Objection, to be stated in Writing, and signed by the Town Clerk of the said City of London; and it shall be competent to any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster to decide upon the Reasonableness of such Ground of Objection) , and under the Direction of the Clerk of the Works for the time being, appointed or employed by or under the Authority of the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, to cut or dig the Bank or Wall on either Shore of the said River Thames between London Bridge and Blackfriars Bridge, or not exceeding One hundred Feet from the East Side of the present Site of London Bridge, without the Special Leave in Writing of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, which shall belong to or form Part of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whereof the said Governor and Company shall be Proprietors, Owners and Occupiers, or through which the said Governor and Company shall procure Leave from the Owners thereof, or other Persons entitled thereto, to carry or pass any Pipe or Pipes, or which shall form Part of any Highway or pubuc Street; and also to cut and dig into the Shore and Bed of the said River, and to lay or drive therein a Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks, for drawing Water from the said River, and for conveying, or for admitting or receiving the same into any Reservoir or Receptacle of the said Governor and Company, for supplying Engines, Pumps, Cisterns and other Works, which the said Governor and Company shall think fit to make for obtaining any Supply of Water from the said River they may think proper; and also to construct such

Works,

Perjury.

Annuities to be held upon the same Trusts as the Waterworks* Shares.

The Gorernor and Company of tire New Hirer may cut the Bank, &c. of the Hirer Thames beyond Low Water Mark, to lay Pipes therein.

848

C.cix.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

Proviso for Rights of Chj of London.

Directing whet shell be peid to the City of London for cutting into the Thames beyond low Water Mark.

New River Company empowered to lay down Pipes in the Streets and over the Bridges.

57 G.9. c. nix.

Works, or adopt such Means for protecting the Entrance to the said Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks, and for securing a proper Supply of Water, as shall be anpnged and agreed upon by and between the said Clerk of the Works, and the Engineer or Surveyor of the said Governor and Company.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or take away any Right, Property or Jurisdiction of the Mayor, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, to, in and upon the River of Thames aforesaid, whether as Conservator of the said River, or in any other respect whatsoever; nevertheless it shall be lawful as there shall be Occasion for effecting the Purposes of this Act, to cut or dig the Bank or Wall, and Shore and Bed of the River of Thames, with such Approbation and under such Direction as aforesaid, and to lay or drive therein a Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks for Drawing Water from the said River of Thames, and also to construct such Works, or adopt such Means as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Neto River shall pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty 'and Citizens of the pity of London the Sum of Twenty Shillings, as a Fine or Acknowledgment for the Liberty of cutting and digging the Bank or Wall and Shore and Bed of the said River of Thames, beyond low Water Mark, and for laying or driving therein a Pipe or Pipes, Trunk or Trunks, or for adopting sock Means as aforesaid, for the Purposes aforesaid; and also pay to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City, their Successors, Collectors or Assigns for ever, an annual Rent or Sum of Twenty Shillings, after the said Bank or Wall, and Shore and Bed, shall be cut and dug for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Approbation and under such Direction as aforesaid; and such annual Sum shall be paid by and may be recovered from the said Governor and Company of the New River by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the New River, their Successors and Assigns, shall for ever hereafter have andjenjoy full and ample Powers of laying down Mains and other Pipes in any of the Streets and other Public Places in the said City of London, or Borough of Soathwari, or any other Parts, as well on the Southern as on the Northern Side

, of the River Thames, which now are or might be supplied by the said Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks, under and subject to the Provisions and Regulations of an Act passed in the Fifty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for better paving, improving and regelating the Streets of the Metropolis, and removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and that the said Governor and Company of the New River, their Successors or Assigns, shall also have full Power and Authority, at their own Costs and Charges to drive or carry One Main or Two Mains or Pipes, not exceeding Eleven Inches each in Diameter, for the Conveyance of Water over any Bridge which shall hereafter be built across the Said River Thames instead of the present London Bridge, and abo

over

t

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C. cix.

849

Proviso for the

City,

Clerks, and set up.

New Rimer Company may

over the present Bridget or any temporary Bridge which may be constructed before such new Bridge shall be completed, they making good any Damage to the Pavement which may be occasioned by laying down or repairing the same: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed either to prejudice or to affirm any Right of the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or any Person or Persons claiming under them, to any Rent or other Payment claimed to accrue by reason of any Licence heretofore granted by them to lay down Pipes within any of the said Places.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Names of Company of the New River shall cause to be delivered in Writing Turocockstobe to the Vestry Clerk of every Parish within which they shall at ?*ve? to V*? the Time of passing this Act, or at any Time afterwards, have or lay down any Pipes by virtue of this Act, the Name and Place of Residence of the Turncock for the time being, who shall have charge of any of the Pipes or Turnings within such Parishes respectively; which Name and Place of Residence shall be painted on a Board and set up in some Place or Places within such Parishes respectively, at the Discretion of the Vestry of such Parishes.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case

the said Governor and Company of the New River shall be willing and desirous to abandon the Supply of any Part of the said Dis- Pre |>ar* °* trict, and any other Persons or Bodies Corporate shall be willing 00

to supply the Part so abandoned, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Governor and Company of the New River to receive from any such Persons or Bodies Corporate, an Annuity bearing, or bona fide intended to bear, such Proportion to the Sum Total of the Annuities which shall be payable to the Proprietors of the said Waterworks by the said Governor and Company of the New River as the Gross Water Rents ceded or relinquished by such Abandonment shall bear to the Whole of the Water Rents so made over to the said Governor and Company by the said Proprietors as aforesaid: Provided also, that nothing herein contained New River shall extend or be construed to extend to compel the said Gover- Company not nor and Company to supply the said District, or any Part thereof, in case they should be desirous of relinquishing the same, nor shall any thing herein contained extend or be construed to extend so as to give to the said Governor and Company the Right of supplying any Part of such District to the Exclusion of any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Corporate, other than such.

Persons or Bodies Corporate as are by virtue of any Act or Acts, now in force excluded from supplying the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the New River shall, and they are hereby reauired, w remoy< at their own proper Costs and Charges, on or before the Expir- 'Jhe'H^ew ation of Six Calendar Months next after the Estates and Effects of River Company the Proprietors of the London Bridge Waterworks shall have been within Six conveyed and transferred to them by the said Committee of As- Month*after sistants, or the Survivors of them, as hereinbefore is mentioned

and directed, to remove or cause to be removed all the Water- or corporation wheels, Machinery, Dams, Works and Things belonging to them, may remove from the said River, and from the said Bridge-; and that in case them, all the said Waterwheels, Machinery, Dams, Works and Things 3 Geo. IV. 31 shall

compellable to

continue

Supply.

The Waterwheel *, &c. to be removed

850

C, cix*' — cxiii.

S? GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

shall not be removed on the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months, then and in such case it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Alderman and Commons, in Common Council assembled,

and they are hereby required, to remove or cause to be removed the said Waterwheels, Machinery, Dams, Works and Things, or such of them, or such Part thereof as shall not have been removed as aforesaid, and to sell and dispose of the same, or the Materials thereof, by public Sale or private Contract, for the best Price or Prices that can reasonably be obtained; and the Receipt or Receipts in Writing of the Wardens or Keepers of London Bridge shall be an effectual Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof for the Monies which in such Receipts respectively shall be expressed to be received; and the Monies to be produced by such Sale or Sales shall be applied in Payment of the Costs and Expences of removing the said Waterwheels, Machinery, Dams, Works and Things; and if any Surplus shall remain, after full Payment of all such Costs and Expences, the same shall be paid to the said Governor and* Company of the New River.

[Public Act.]

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cx.

An Act for making certain Roads in the Counties of Lanark, Stirling and Dumbarton. (5) [26th July 1822.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. cxi.

45 6.3. c.xcriii. An Act for further continuing, altering and amending several 496.3. c.clr. Acts for the better Regulation of Lastage and Ballastage in the River Thames; and for enabling the Corporation of Trinity House of Deptford Strond to reduce, alter, modify, relinquish or abolish Dues payable to the said Corporation, and for other Purposes connected therewth. (b) [29th July 1822.]

Cap. cxii.

26 6.3. c.isi. An Act for more effectually amending certain Roads in the seve-47 6.3. sew. 2. ral Parishes of Lambeth, Newington, Saint George Southwark, Bermondsey and Christ Church, in the County of Surrey, and for

in watching, lighting and otherwise improving the said Roads.

[29th July 1822.]

[Afctu Trustees. Carriages, 8$c. attending the Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Fund, called The Orphans' Fund.

[5th August 1822.]

[c.]4).]

WHEREAS the Fund called The Orphans' Fund was established by an Act passed in the Fifth and Sixth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London: And Whereas the Receipts and Disbursements of

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. C. cxin. 851

the said Fund are under the Management and Direction of the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London: And

Whereas by Three Acts, one passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the further Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; another in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for compitting the Bridge cross the River Thames, from Blackfriars in the City of London, to the opposite Side in the County of Surrey, and the Avenues thereto on the London Side; for redeeming the Tolls on the said Bridge and on London Bridge; for rebuilding the Gaol of Newgate in the said City; for repairing the Royal

Exchange within the same; for embanking Part of the North Side of the said River, within certain Limits; and for further continuing towards those Purposes the Imposition of Six Pence per Chaldron or Ton of Coats and Culm imported into the Port of the said City, established by an Act of the Fjfth and Sixth 1 Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary; and also for carrying on the new Pavements in the City and Liberties of Westminster and Parishes adjacent, and in the Town and Borough of Southwark; and for other Purposes therein mentioned; and the other in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, intituled An Act for raising an additional Sum <f Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar; for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill; and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans '

Fund, certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and also for enlarging the Powers (f the said Acts; the several Provisions for supporting the said Fund have been continued and augmerited, and the Whole of the Rates and Charges applicable thereto since the Time of passing the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third,

excepting the Sum of Two thousand Pounds jot Annum, charged 1 on the personal Estates of the Inhabitants of the said City by r the first mentioned Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King: William and Queen Mary; and repealed by the Act of the Thirty fifth Year of His late Majesty King George the Third, are continued until the Fifth Day of July which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty seven; but the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds per Annum by the said Acts of the Fifth and Sixth Years of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty first Year of His said late Majesty King George the Second, charged upon or made payable out of the Revenues of the said City of London, and certain other of the Rates and Charges applicable to the said Fund, in the same Acts mentioned, are thereby continued till all the principal Monies charged upon the said Fund, with Interest for the same, shall be paid off and annihilated: And Whereas the said Fund hath been charged with the Payment of several Annuities and principal Sums of Money payable in respect of Monies raised for defraying the Expences of Public Works, and for other Purposes: And Whereas by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign

3 12 'of

21 G.2. c. 20.

7 G. S. c, S7.

44 G.3. C. xxvii.

S5 G. 3. c. 126.

7G.S. c. 37. §43.

852

C. cxiii.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

7 G. 3. c. 37.

§ 43. repealed.

Surpluses applied quarterly.

Receivers of Wine and Coal Duties to pay full Amount of Duties collected by them Four Times a Year.

of His said late Majesty King George the Third, it is enacted, that the Surplusses arising and to arise out of the said Fund should be applied, from and after the Time therein mentioned, and which has long since passed, at the End of every Half Year: And Whereas, in order to accelerate the Payment of the Sums of Money charged upon the said Fund, it is expedient that the Surplusses thereof should be applied at the End of even Quarter of a Year instead of the End of every Half Year: And Whereas it is also expedient that the Receivers of the Rates or Duties payable on WTines and Coals, which form Part of the said Fund, should be required to pay the whole of the Sums collected by them respectively in respect thereof, into the Chamber of London, by Four quarterly Payments in every Year: And Whereas a considerable Sum of Money now remains in the Chamber of the said City of London, for the Payment of Interest due to the Orphans and other Creditors of the said City of London, and of Annuities and Interest due in respect of the Principal Sums borrowed and raised under the Authority of the several Acts of Parliament passed for that Purpose, which ha\e 4 never been claimed: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Sum of Money and all Interest and Annuities payable from the said Fund called The Orphans Fund, which shall hereafter remain unclaimed for the Space or Term of Twenty Years, should be applied in Aid of the said Fund; and that in case the said Interests or Annuities should thereafter be demanded, the same

should be paid from the Chamber of the said City, and supplied

out of the future Surplusses of the said Fund May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, ami Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Ac *, so much of the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Third, as directs that the Surplusses of the said Fund shall be applied at the End of every Half Year, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Surplusses arising and to arise of the said Fund shall be applied to the Purposes to which the same are or shall be applicable, at the End of every Quarter of a Year.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Rates or Duties payable in respect of W7ines and Coals, forming Part of the said Fund called The Orphans Fund, now appointed or hereafter to be appointed, shall, and he and they and every of them are hereby required to

?ay into the Chamber of the City of London, Four Times in every ear, that is to say, on the Fifth Day of January, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October, or within Ten Days after each and every of the said Days respectively, the full Amount of all such Rates and Duties as shall have become due and payable up to and including the said before mentioned Days respectively; and that the First Payments up to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and twenty two, including all the Balances then in the Hands of the respective Receivers

21

A.D. 1822.

3° GEO. IV. C. cxiif.

853

or Collectors, shall be made within Ten Days next after the passing of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said Court of Mayor and Aldermen to be necessary or expedient to.shorten the Time for Payment of the Monies in the Hands of such Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, into the Chamber of London, it shall be lawful for the said Court to make any Order in relation thereto, from time to time, as the said Court shall think proper, but so as not to extend the same at any Time beyond such quarterly Payments as hereinbefore mentioned; any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money arising from the said Fund, called The Orphans' Fund, which now have remained or shall hereafter remain, for the Space of Twenty Years, in the Chamber of the said City of London, for Payment of any Interest payable to the Orphans or other Creditors of the said City or the Annuities and yearly Interest payable in respect of any principal Sum or Sums of Money raised and borrowed under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament passed for that Purpose, which shall not be claimed or demanded, shall from time to time be applied and appropriated for or towards the Increase of the said Fund, called The Orphans' Fund\ and the Chamberlain of the said City is hereby directed to apply the same accordingly; any thing in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case and when and as soon as the said Interest and Annuities which have remained or shall remain unclaimed and not demanded as aforesaid, shall be claimed and demanded, the same shall be advanced and paid out of such Monies as shall remain on account of or belonging to the Orphans9 Fund in the Chamber of the said City, notwithstanding the Sum or Sums of Money with which the same, if claimed, would have been paid, shall have been applied for or in Increase of the said Fund; and the Sum or Sums of Money to be advanced out of the said Fund for Payment of the said Interest and Annuities shall be made good and supplied out of the future Surpasses of the said Fund; any thing hereinbefore or in any former Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid by or out of the said Orphans* Fund.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxiv.

An Act to confirm an Agreement entered into between the Trustees of the Subscribers to the Gaelic Chapel and the Caledonian Asylum, and to indemnify the Asylum against certain Covenants in an Indenture of Appointment and Bargain and Sale entered, into by the said Asylum, in favour of the said Trustees, and to vest in the Caledonian Asylum the Fee Simple of the Messuage and Chapel described in the above Indenture.

[6th August 1822.]

31 3

Court of Aldermen may shorten lime for Payment of Duties into Chamber.

Interest or Annuities unclaimed for fO Years, applied in Aid of Fund.

Interest or Annuities when demanded, to be paid out of Chaml>er, and repaid out of future Sur-plussesofFund.

Expences of Act how paid.

[Public Act.]

SbG. 3. c.lxxiiu

854

Pr. Cm 1 — 4*.

3° GEO. IV. A.D. 182S.

41 G.3. c. 109.

41 0.3. c. 109. 1&3G.4. c.*S.

41 O.S. c. 109. 1&3G.4. c. 8S.

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KING'S PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the form following

" And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed bj " the several Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty, duly " authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and 11 that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall be admitted " as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.' *

Cap. 1.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Cokaynes and Retort, otherwise Rebandyshide, in the Parishes of Elmstead and Alra-ford in the County of Essex, being a Member or Part of the Manor of Wivenhoe in the Baid County.

[3d April 1822.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for carrying into Execution a Contract entered into by Christopher Fenwick Esquire, for the Sale of certain settled Copyhold Hereditaments in the Township of Earsdon, within the Manor of Tynemouth, in the County of Northumberland, to the most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Brabourne, Smoothf Birch ok, and SeUinge, in the County of Kent.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. 4.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor of Seaton in the Parish of Camerton in the County of Cumberland, and in the Parish, Township or Hamlet of Ftimby in the said County.

[15th May 1822.]

A.D. 1822.

3' GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 5 — 10.

855

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Bobbing- 41 G.s. c.ioa. in the several Counties of Stafford and Salop. 1 & 2 G. 4. C. 2S.

[15th May 1822.]

Allotments not subject to Great Tithes for Five Years from Twenty fifth March next after Proprietors take Possession. § 82.

Right to Tithes not to be prejudiced. § 38.]

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the 41 G.s. c. 199. Parish of Cliflon Reynes in the County of Buckingham. 1 & 2 G.4. c. 23.

[15th May 1822.]

[Allotment to the Rector for his Glebe Lands. § 16. Allotments for Tithes. § 17. Allotment for Glebe and Tithes of Rector to be fenced. § 21. Power to Rector to grant Leases. §30. When and in what manner Rectors Tithes to cease. § 31.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Parishes or Chapelries of 10? *

Fllingham and Ibstey in the County of Southampton; a G. c.

[15th May 1822.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sturton, otherwise\\ g.3. c. 109. Sturton in the Clay, otherwise Sturton in the Steeple, and in the 1 & 2 G.4. c. 23. Parish or Chapelry of Littleborough, otherwise Littlebrough, in the County of Nottingham, and for exonerating the same, and also the old inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes respectively, from the Payment of Tithes.

[15th May 1822.]

[Allotments to the Dean and Chapter of York, and to the Vicar of Sturton, for Glebe and Tithes. § 31. Power for the said Vicar to appeal to Umpire. § 32. Allotments to the Impropriator of Littleborough, for Glebe and Tithes. § S3. Tithes payable until Possession of Allotments delivered. § 34. Tithe Allotments to be fenced. § 40. Power to said Vicar to borrow Money for erecting Buildings and Subdivision Fences. § 41. Vicar, with Consent

of Bishop and Patron, may lease for 21 Years. § 42. Owners of old Inclosures not having sufficient Allotment to exonerate their Tithes, to discharge them by a Money Payment. § 44.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wingfield in the 41G.S.C. 109. County of Wilts.

[15th May 1822.] 1 & 2 G.4. c.S3.

[Rector s Allotments to be ring fenced. § 22. Rector may, with Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, lease his Allotment.§ 26.]

Cap. 10.

An Act for confirming certain Articles of Agreement between George Drake Esquire and Others, and Samuel Parker, and to authorize the granting of Leases of Mines in the County of Cornwall.

[24th May 1822.]

314

856

Pr. C. 11 — 15.

A.D. 1822.

41 G. 3. C. 109. 1A3G.4. c. 33.

41 G.S. c. 109. 1&SG.4. c. 39.

3° GEO. IV.

Cap. 11-

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Walter Ker Esquire, and Jane his Wife, in the County of Northumberland (contracted to be 6old to the most Noble the Duke and Earl of Northumberland) upon Trust to complete the Sale thereof, and to apply the Purchase Money in Discharge of a Mortgage affecting the Bame Estates.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for vesting the Lands and Barony of Dryden, and certain other entailed Estates of Sir Charles Macdonald Lockhart Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold; and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of other Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to be entailed in a similar Maimer.

[24th May 1822.]

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of South Daltos, in the Parish of South Dalton, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[24th May 1822.)

[Tithe Allotment to Rector. § 25, 26. Annual Rent to Rector as a Compensation for Tithes, how ascertained. § 27. Cora Rents how apportioned in case of Death, &c. of Rector. § 28. Hob Com Rents may be apportioned. § 30. How Rector to recover Corn Rent. § 31. When Rents, &c. ascertained and paid to Rector, Tithes to cease. § 32. Rectors Tithe Allotments to be fenced. § 38. Leases at Rack Rent as shall be exchanged or discharged from Tithes, , fyc. c. to be void except Agreements to the contrary. § 40. Rectors may, with Consent of the Bishop of Diocese, grant Leases. § 45. Where Leases become void before Expiration of the Term, Rector may, with Consent <f Bishop, grant a new Lease, &c. § 46.]

Cap 14.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Totoersey in the County of Buckingham.

[24th May 1822.]

[Allotment to the Vicar for Tithes. §22. Apportionment of the Allotments for Tithes. § 23. Proprietors not having sumcint open Fields, Sfc, to make Compensation in Money for their Tithes § 24. Tithe Allotments to be ring fenced by Proprietors of Estates, S?c. § 25. Vicar, with Consent of Bishop ef Diocese, may lease Allotments. § 35.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to sell such Part of the entailed Estate of Ord in the County of Ross, in Scotland, now belonging to Thomas Mac kenzie Esquire, of Ord, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Pebts and Burdens affecting the same.

[24th June 1822.]

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV.

Pr. C. 16 — 21.

857

Cap. 16.

An Act to enable the Lord Bishop of Limerick and his Successors to demise the Office Houses, Gardens and Demesne, situate at Conigar in the County of Limerick, belonging to the Lord Bishop of Limerick.

[24th June 1822.]

[Bishop of Limerick to let the Office Houses and Premises on Lease. § 1. Money received from the immediate Predecessorfor Dilapidations to be laid out in improving the Lands.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to authorize the Sale and Conveyance of Ground for the Enlargement of the Public Library and Lecture Rooms in the University of Cambridge, and for the Erection of an Astronomical Observatory in or near the said University, and of a Museum for the Preservation of the Pictures, Books and other Articles bequeathed to the Chancellor, Masters and Scholars of the said University by Richard Viscount Fitzwilliam, deceased.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for enabling the Trustee under the Will of the late William TujfneU Esquire, to reduce the Fines for the Copyholds held of the Manor of Barnersbury, devised by his Will, as an Encouragement to the Tenants to build thereon; to grant Building and Repairing Leases of the devised Estates, and for other Purposes.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 19.

An Act to enable the Master or Guardian of the Charity called Plumptre Hospital, in the Town of Nottingham, to sell Part of the Estate belonging to the said Charity, and to apply the Money arising therefrom in manner therein mentioned; and to raise Money by Mortgage of the Residue of the said Charity Estate, and to grant Building or Repairing Leases thereof.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 20.

Kn Act for effecting an Exchange of Lands between the Right Honourable Richard William Penn Earl Hotve and the Master and Fellows of Catherine Hall, in the University of Cambridge.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 21.

in Act for restraining the Bishop of Saint David's and his Successors from granting Leases or the Tythes of Llangammarch in the County of Brecknock, Llangevelach in the County of Glamorgan, Uangadoch in the County of Carmarthen, and Glascomb in the County of Radnor, beyond the Term therein mentioned; and for annexing the Tithes of the Consolidated Living of Llanarth and Llanitia to the Possessions of the said See, allowing One third of the Annual Profits thereof to the Vicar.

[24th June 1822.]

868

Pr. C. 21 — 28.

S' GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

41 G.S. c.cxx. input repealed.

41 G.S. c. 109. I &2G.4. c. 23.

[The Bishop of Saint David's may grant Leases of certain Tithes for Three Years, , fyc. c. § 1. Tithes of Uanarth and Uanina to he annexed to the See of Saint David's, hut without Power of Leasing, §2.]

Cap. 22.

An Act for camming into effect a Partition of Real Estates devised by the Will of John Bacon Esquire, and other Purposes relating to such Estates.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap 23.

An Act for modifying and extending the Purposes specified in a Deed of Destination, executed by Andrew Fletcher and John Mackenzie Esquires; and for building and establishing an Hospital for destitute Children in the City of Edinburgh.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for empowering Trustees- to sell and convey Part of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates in the County of York, devised by the Will of BeUby Thompson Esquire, deceased, and Part of the Freehold Estates in the same County, devised by the Will of Richard Thompson Esquire, deceased; and for laying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same uses.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for vesting Part of the devised Estates of Thomas Barrett Esquire, deceased, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey, in Trustees to be sold; and for laying out the clear Money arising therefrom (under the Direction of the Court of Chancery) in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Use.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 26.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Forty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the Establishment of Schools for the Education of poor Children in the County Palatine of Durham.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 27.

An Act to enable the Ministers of the Parish of Saint Cuthbert's, Edinburgh, in the County of Mid Lothian, to feu their Glebe Lands lying in the said Parish.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 28.

An Act for inclosing a certain Common or Tract of Waste Land called Bnrlish Common, in the Manor and Chapelry of Lower Mitton, in the Parish of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester.

[24th June 1822.]

[Vicar's Allotments to be ring fenced. § 25. Fiber, with Consent Of the Bishop of the Diocese, may grant Leases. § 28,]

A.D. 1822. 3° GEO. IV. Pr. C. 29 — 34. 859

Cap. 29.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Waste and un- 416.3. c. 109. inclosed Lands within the Manor and Township of Dring- 1 & 2 G.4. c. 23. houses, in the County of the City of York; and for extinguishing the Rights of Stray and Average over certain Lands, called Half Year Lands, situate within the Townships of Dringhouses, Middlethorpe and Clementhorpe, in the said County of the City, and within such Farts of the Suburbs of the City of York, as are comprised in the Division of the same City called Micklegate Ward.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 30.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands in the Parish 410.S. c. 109. of Dinton in the County of Wilts.

[24th June 1822.] 1 & 2 G.4. c. 23.]

[Vicars Allotment to he fenced. § 22. Vicar may, 1with Consent of the Bishop of the Diocese, grant Leases. f 25.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for settling upon the President, Fellows and Scholars of Trinity College in the University of Oxford, and upon the Rector of the Parish of Dumbleton in the County of Gloucester, certain perpetual Rent Charges issuing out of the Estate of the Right Honourable John Sommers Earl Sommers in Dumbleton, and for vesting certain Lands there in the said Rector; and for vesting certain Tithes and Lands belonging to the said College and Rector respectively in the Mortgagees of the said Earl, subject to Equity of Redemption.

[24th June 1822.]

Cap. 32.

An Act for vesting certain settled Estates of Edward Berkeley Napier an Infant, and Others, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Produce in the Discharge of Incumbrances upon certain devised Estates of the said Edward Berkeley Napier and Others; and for vesting Part of the Baid devised Estates in Mary Napier Widow, during her life, in lieu of her Life Estate in the said settled Premises.

[1st July 1822.]

Cap. 33.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Settled Estates of the Right Honouratne Thomas William Viscount Anson, in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, in Trust, to cany into Execution Contracts already entered into for Sale of Parts of the same Estates, and to sell the other Parts thereof under the Directions of the Court of Chancery, and to apply the Money arising from the said Sales in the manner therein mentioned.

---

[1st July 1822.]

Cap. 34.

An Act to authorize the Sale of certain Copyhold Messuages and Hereditaments of Charles Firchild, his Wife and Children,

860 Pr. C. 34 — 36. 3° GEO. IV. A.D. 1822.

in the Manor of Meer and Forton in the County of Stafford, in Performance of a Contract for the Sale thereof; and for laying out the Purchase Money on other Estates, to be settled to the like Uses, and for other Purposes.

[1st July 1822.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for vesting certain Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Cotton St. John Baron Clinton and Saye, in Trustees, to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for Purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to the same Uses.

[15th July 1822.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for assisting the Sale, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, of Part of the Estates of the most Noble George Duke of Marlborough deceased, devised by his Will.

[22d July 1822.]

[Index removed.]

[Adverts removed.]

