1098 C. i, ii. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

DECLARED PUBLICK,

AND TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the following Acts as are Temporary will be known (where it is not expressly stated) by referring to the following List, according to the corresponding Letter at the End of the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, , fyc. c.

[i. e. to the End of the next Session

from a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, , fyc. c.from the passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former Acts.

The following are all Public Acts; to each of which is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

" And be it further enacted, That this. Act shall be deemed " and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially " taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, u without being specially pleaded."

Cap. i.

An Act for more effectually repairing and otherwise improving the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stqffo?'d, and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate with the said Road, (b)

[9th March 1825.]

[32 G. 2. c. 60. 3 G. 3. c. 57. 44 G. 3. c. lxiv. all repealed. Powers <fSGA<. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95. 5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Penwortham Bridge to the Boundary between the Townships of Wrighting-ton and Shevington, and the Road from Lydiate Lane End to a Bridge called Little Hanging Bridge, all in the County of Lancaster. (a) [23d March 1825.]

[New Trustees. Powers of 9 G.4. c. 126. 4G. 4. c. 95. 5G.4.

c. 69. extended to this Act. Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

6° GEO. IV. C. iii — ix.

1099

Cap. iii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Turnpike Road called Wellington Bridge Road, near the Town of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to the Turnpike Road leading from Wakefield to Bradford, in the said Riding, near a certain Place called Tong Lane End, in the Lordship or Liberty of Tong, in the Parish of Birstal, in the Riding aforesaid, with several Branch Roads therefrom. (b)

[23d March 1825.]

[Poitiers of %GA, c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95. 5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. iv.

An Act for building a Bridge and making a Causeway and Turnpike Road from or near Griggs Quay, in the Parish of XJny Lelant, over Hayle River and Sands in the Parish of Saint Ertli, to Carnsetti Quay, through Hayle Foundery, in the said Parish of Saint Erth, and Pen Poll, in the Parish of Phillack, all in the County of Cornwall, (a) [23d March 1825.]

[Pottiei's of SGA. c, 126. 4G.4. c. 95. 5G.4. c, 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. v.

An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Township of Ardvoick, in the County of Lancaster, and for regulating the Police thereof.

[23d March 1825.]

Cap. vi.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and improving the Town of Stroud, in the County of Gloucester,

[23d March 1825.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smalluoays, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham, [a) [23d March 1825.]

[1 G.3. c. 41. 22 G. 3. c. 93. 43 G. 3. c.vii. all repealed. Poitiers

<f3GA. c. 126. 4 G.|4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.-]

Cap. viii.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from Bridgnorth to Shififi nail, otherwise Idsall, in the County of Salop, (a)

[23d March 1825.]

[3 G.3. c. 59. 23 G. 3. c. 105. 44 G. 3. c.xii. repealed. Poivers of

3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in

the

1100

C. ix — xv. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

the County of York, to Catterick in the same County, and from thence to Piersbridge, on the River Tees. (a)

[23d March 1825.]

[16 G. 2. c. 7. 22 G.2. c. 39. 24 G.3. Sew.l. c. 29. 43 G.3. c.v.

repealed. Powers of3GA. c. 126. G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. x.

An Act for repairing the Road from Hinckley, in the County of Leicester, to Nuneaton, in the County of Warwick, and from thence to Bishop's Gate, in the City of Coventry. (a)

[23d March 1825.]

[27 G.2. c. 42. 29 G. 2. c. 66. 2 G.3. c. 69. 45 G.3. c. 1. repealed.

Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Midhurst, in the County of Sussex, to the London and Portsmouth Turnpike Road, between the Fifty second and Fifty third Milestones near Sheet Bridge, in the County of Southampton, (a)

[23d March 1825.]

\_Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Kirby Stephen, in the County of Westmorland, into the Sedbergh and Kirkby Kendal Turnpike Road, and out of and from the same Turnpike Road, to Hawes, in the North Riding of the County of York; and a New Branch from Hawes aforesaid to the Village of Gayle, in the Township of Hawes, (b) [23d March 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xiii.

An Act for repairing the Road from Stockton to Barnard Castle, in the County of Durham, (b) [23d March 1825.]

[45 G.3. c. xvii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69* extended to this Act.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Winchester to the Town of Petersfield, in the County of Southampton. (b) [23d March 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Bramcote, Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby, and from like-

21 ston

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. xv — xx.

1101

ston to Heanor, in the said County of Derby, and from Trowell, in the said County of Nottingham, to the Town of Nottingham. (a) [24th March 1825.]

[New Trustees. G. 3- c. 83. 24 G.3. Sess. 1. c. 24. 44 G. 3.

c. iii. repealed. Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. G. 4. c. 95. 5 G.4.

c. 69* extended to this Act.']

Cap. xvi.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from White-burn, upon the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, passing through Thornydike and Westruther to Choicelee, upon the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw to Dunse, all in the County of Berwick. (b) [24th March 1825.]

[34 G.3. c. xix. repealed. Powers of 4G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xvii.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Colder and Hebble Navigation to make a navigable Cut or Canal from Salterhebble Bridge to Bailey Hall, near to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and to amend the Act relating to the said Navigation.

[31st March 1825.]

['Powers of 9 G.3. c. 71. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or near the Manchester, Bolton and Bury Canal, in the Parish of Bolton-le-Moors, to or near the Leeds and Liverpool Canal, in the Parish of Leigh, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[31st March 1825.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for better lighting, cleansing, watching, paving and otherwise improving the Township of Stourbridge, in the Parish of Oldswinford, in the County of Worcester; for regulating the Market, and building a Market Place within and for the said Township; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[31st March 1825.]

[31 G.3. c. 70. repealed.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to amend and render more effectual several Acts relative to the paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Margate, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the County of Kent; for erecting certain Defences against the Sea for the Protection of the said Town; and for making further Improvements in and about the said Town and Parish.

[31st March 1825.]

[27 G.3« c. 45. 39 G.3. c.ii. 49 G.3. c. cxvii. 52 G.3/c. clxxxvi.

53 G.3. c. lxxxii. extended to this Act.]

1102

C. xxi — xxv ii.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. xxi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester.

[31st March 1825.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Road leading from Wigan and commencing at Clarington Brook, and passing over Ambersxvood Common through Hindley to a Place called Chequer Bent in Westhoughton, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[31st March 1825.]

[New Trustees. 33G.3. c. 181. repealed. Potvers of 3 G.4.

c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Cains-cross through Stroud ', over Rodborough and Minchinhampton Commons, to the Town of Minchinhampton, with several Branches therefrom, all in the County of Gloucester. (5)

[31st March 1825.]

[Powers 0/3G.4, c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act. See c.cxliii. post.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, to Nottingham Trent Bridge, in the County of Nottingham, (a) [31st March 1825.]

[32 G. 2. c. 53. 7 G. 3. c. 79. 45 G. 3. c. xxxv. all repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the present Turnpike Road between Maidstone and Wrotham, in the County of Kent, to Strood in the said County, (a)

[31st March 1825.]

Poxvers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. 4 G. 4. c. 95. 5 G .4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for making a Turnpike Road from the Hope Turnpike, in the Leominster and Hereford Road, to or near Burley Gate, in the Hereford and Bromyard Turnpike Road, and from thence to a Place called The Trumpet, in the Ledbury and Hereford Turnpike Road, all in the County of Hereford, (b)

[31st March 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95. 5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport, in the County Palatine of Chester, to near New

Houses,

6° GEO. IV. C. xxvii — xxxiv.

1103

Houses, in the County of York, and other Roads in the said Counties, and in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making and maintaining several new Branches to communicate therewith* (b) [31st March 1825.]

[56 G. 3. c. xvii. repealed. Powers of SGA. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95.]

5 G. 4*. c. 69- extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from Wooler to the Great North Turnpike Road, at or near to Adderstone Lane, in the County of Northumberland, (b) [31st March 1825.]

[Powers o/3GA. c. 126. G.4. c. 95. 5G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of and to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, to authorize the Trustees of the River Weaver Navigation to open a more convenient Communication between the said River near Frodsham Bridge, and the River Mersey, near Weston Point, in the Township of Weston, in the County of Chester; and to amend Two Acts relative to the said River.

[2d May 1825.]

[See c.cxxiv. post.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Cromford Canal, at or near to Cromford, in the Parish of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby, to the Peak Forest Canal, at or near to Whaley (otherwise Yardsley-cum- Whaley) , in the County Palatine of Chester.

[2d May 1825.]

Cap. xx xi.

An Act to enable the Vauxhall Bridge Company to raise a further Sum of Money, and to alter and amend the Acts relating to the said Bridge.

[2d May 1825.]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing, regulating and otherwise improving the Town of Oundle, in the County of

Northampton.

[2d May 1825.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for erecting a Chapel at Pelham Crescent, in the Parish of Saint Mary in the Castle, in the Liberty of the Town and Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex.

[2d May 1825.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Borough and Neighbourhood of Boston, in the County of Lincoln.

[2d May 1825.]

[See 16 G. 3. c. 25. 32 G.3. c. 80. 46 G.3. c.xl. 46 G. 3. c.xli.]

47 G.3. Sess. 2. c.lxxxii.

7 G.l. Sess. 1. c. 10.

33 G.2. c. 49.

49 G. 3. c. 142. 52G.3. c. 147.

1104

C. xxxv — xl.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for enabling the Glasgow Gas Light Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[2d May 1825.] [See 57 G. 3. c.xli. 3 G. 4. c.lxxx.]

S3G.2. c. 53. 22 G.3. c. 1 8. 44G.3. c.xxxvi.

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to continue and render more effectual certain Acts for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale, or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for the Purposes therein mentioned, (c) [2d May 1825.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Assurance Companies, and their Successors, to advance Money, or lend Stock, upon the Security of Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold Estates.

[2d May 1825.]

[Sec 6G.Lc. 18. 33G.3-c. 14. 36G. 3. C. 26. 41G. 3.

U.K. c.lvii.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Load from Wakefield, to join the Shipley Lane Head, Turnpike Road in Denhy Dale, in the Parish of Penistone, with certain Branches, all in the West Riding of the County of York. (b)

[2d May 1825.]

[Powers of?> G.4. c. 126. 4G. 4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xxxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads from the Gloucester Hotel in the Town of Brighthelmstone, through the Towns of Cuckfield and Crawley, to the County Oak on Lovell Heath, and certain other Roads therein mentioned; and also for making and maintaining a Branch of Road from Austy Cross, in the Parish of Cuckfield, to West Grinsted; all in the County of Sussex. (a) [2d May 1825.]

[10 G. 3. c. 95. 31 G.3. c. 11S. 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. xlvii. all repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended

to this Act.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from Haleworthy, in the Parish of Davidstow, in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge; and from the West End of Wadebridge, into and through the Borough of Mitchell, in the said County. (£) [2d May 1825.]

[33 G. 2. c. 42. 22 G. 3. c. 104. 43 G. 3. c.xcv. all repealed.

Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G. 4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

6° GEO. IV.

C.xli — xlvi.

IT 0:5

Cap. xli.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Road from Deanburn, in the County of Haddington, through Greenlaw, in the County of Berwick, to Cornhill, in the County of Durham; with Branches from Carfrae Mill through Lauder, from Orange Lane to Suointon Mill, and from Coldstream to Mount Pleasant, all in the County of Berwick; and for maintaining the Bridge over the River Tweed at Coldstream. (b) [2d May 1825.]

[33 G. 2. c. 56. 21 G.3. c. 91. 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c.xxiv. all repealed. See 6 G.3. c. 73. 27 G. 3. c. 79. 48 G.3. c.cxii. Powers of

3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69- extended to this Act.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Eccles-to Bradford, in the County of York, (b) [2d May 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xliiio

An Act for more effectually repairing and widening the Road from Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex, through High-gate, in the County of Kent, and the Parishes of Sandhurst, Newenden and Northiam, to Taylor s Corner in the Parish of 7ik/e, in the County of Sussex, and from Highgate aforesaid to Cooper s Corner, in the County of and also a Piece of

Road communicating with the said Road, called Whitebread Lane, in the said County, (a) [2d May 1825-]

[2 G.3. c. 72. 22 G.3. c. 114. 31 G.3. c. 137. all repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G, 4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xliv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brig-house, in the Parish of Half ax, to Denholme Gate, in the Parish of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York. (b)

[2d May 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving certain Roads passing through Princes Risborough, in the County of Buckingham, and communicating with Aylesbury and Great Marlow in the said County, and Thame in the County of Oxford, (b) [2d May 1825.]

[35 G.3. c. 149. 57 G. 3. c. xvii. 3 G.4. c. xcii. all repealed.

Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for repairing the Road from Kingst on-up on-Thames to Leatherhead, in the County of Surrey, (b) [2d May 1825.]

[51 G.3. c. cix. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

6 Geo. IV. 4 B

1106

C.xlvii — lii.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for more effectually amending* widening and maintaining the Road from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Eccles, through the Township of Worsley to Moses Gate in the Township of Farnworth, and for making, repairing and improving other Roads to communicate therewith, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. (a) [2d May 1825.]

[4*4 G. 3. c. xxvi. repealed. Powers of?> G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this /let.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Barnsley, by way of Beaver Hole to Cudworth Bridge, on the present Highway leading to the Town of Pontefract, in the West Riding of the County of York. (b) [2d May 1825.]

[.Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G. 4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for amending, maintaining and improving the Roads from Bridgnorth to Cleohury North, and also through Ditton Priors to the Brown Clee Hill, and from Cleohury Mortimer to several Places therein mentioned, and other Roads branching therefrom, in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, (a)

[2d May 1825.]

[2 G.3. £.79. 23 G. 3.. £.98. 44 G.3. c.xxxi. aZZ repealed. Powers of 3 G.4.C. 126. 4G.4. £.95. 5 G.4. £.69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Gravesend to Wrotham, in the County of Kent, and from thence to Borough Green, on the Turnpike Road leading from Wrotham Heath to LgJitham, in the said County. (Z>)

[2d Ma/1825.]

\_Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. £. 95. 5 G.4. £.69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. li.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Great Ancoats Street in the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, to join a Diversion of the Manchester and Salters Brook Road in Andershaw, in the Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the said County, and Two Branches of Road communicating therewith. (h) [2d May 1825.]

[^Powers of 3 G.4-. c. 126. 4 G.4. £.95. 5 G.4. £.69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lii.

An Act for amending and repairing the Turnpike Road leading from the North End of the Town of Rotherham to the East Side of Tankersley Park, in the County of York, (h)

[2d May 1825.]

[4 G.3. £.65. 14 G. 3. c. 114. 45 G 3. £.lxiv. all repealed as re-

gards the Road from Rotherham. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. £.95. 5 G.4. £.69. extended to this Act.]

6° GEO. IV. C. liii — lx.

1107

Cap. liii.

An Act for repairing the Road branching out of the Great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittle-gate, in the Parish of Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County, (a) [2d May 1825.]

* [44? G.3. c. 1. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95.

5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. liv.

An Act for improving and maintaining the Harbour of the Burgh of Barony of Stonehaven, in the County of Kincardine, and the Entrance thereto; and rendering more convenient and commodious the Streets and Avenues leading to the same.

[20th May 1825,]

[Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempt from Duties.]

Cap. lv.

An Act for making more effectual Provision for paying off and discharging the Debts and Expences incurred in taking down

. and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint James, in the Town and County of Poole, and the Tower of the same Church.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of the Fifty ninth 59G.3. c.xxxt. Year of His late Majesty, for building a new Church in the Parish of Saint Lidce Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for providing additional Burying Ground for the Parish of Saint Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act to provide for the perpetual Maintenance and Support of the Chapel of the Holy and Undivided Trinity, in the Town of Gosport, within the Parish of Alverstoke\ in the County of Southampton.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Don, near the Village of Balgownie or Polgownie, in the Parish of Old Machar and County of Aberdeen.

[20th May 1825.]

\_Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for Building a Bridge over the River Wye, at a Place called The Kerne, in the County of Hereford, and for making convenient Roads, Avenues and Approaches thereto.

[20th May 1825.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

4 B 2

1108

C.lxi — lxiv.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. lxi.

An Act for the Erection of a Bridge across the River Shannon at or near Athlunkard, and for making Approaches thereto.

[20th Map 1825.] floyal Family exempt from Toll, ']

Cap. lxii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Northern Extremity of a certain Estate called Aber-tysing, in the Parish of Bedxveliy, in the County of Monmouth, to join the Sirhoxmj Railway, at or near Pye Corner, in the Parish of Bcissaleg, in the same County.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or near a certain Slate Quarry called Gloddfarlon> in the Parish of Llandvorog, in the County of Carnarvon, to the Town and Port of Carnarvon in the same County.

[20th May 1825.]

1G.3. c.clxxi.

Cap. lxiv.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for completing and maintaining the East Country Dock &t Rotherhithe, in the County of Surrey, and to enlarge the Powers of the said Act.

[20th May, 1825.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Fifty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, inti-: tuled An Act for completing and maintaining the East Country Dock, at Rotherhithe in the County of Surrey, divers Provisions and Regulations for the Completion, Maintenance and Management of the said Dock were enacted, some of which have been found very beneficial, and would be attended with still greater Utility if they were further extended and enlarged,

and some of which have been found defective for the Purposes required; and it is expedient to amend the Act accordingly May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Appointment of the Authority of the same, That Thomas Malt by, Robert Grant, John Mitchell, Richard Farmer, John Ward, Haskett Smith, Thomas Wilson and Brodie Augustus MlGhie, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, become and be sole Directors of the East Country Dock Company, mentioned by the said recited Act; and that at the Annual General Meeting of the said Company, which in pursuance of this Act will be held in the Month of May One thousand eight hundred and twenty six, the said Thomas Maltby, Robert Grant and John Mitchell shall go out of Office, and that at the Annual General Meeting of the said Company in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty seven, the said Richard Farmer, John Ward and Haskett Smith shall go out of Office, and that at the Annual General Meeting of the said Company, in the Year One thousand

eight

Directors, and their Continuance in Office, Sec.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. Ixiv.

1109

eight hundred and twenty eight the said Thomas Wilson and Brodie Augustus M'Ghie shall go out of Office; and that each of them the said Directors, and each of the Directors to be appointed annually, as hereinafter mentioned, shall continue in Office until the respective Periods mentioned for their respectively retiring from Office, unless he shall die or resign, or dispose of his Shares or Interest in the Stock and Property of the said Company, so as no longer to be possessed of Five Shares therein, in which Case it shall be lawful to and for the Proprietors of the said Compan} ^, either at a Meeting of the said Company to be specially called for that Purpose, or at the next or any subsequent Annual General Meeting after such Vacancy, to nominate and appoint by Ballot any Person who shall be then possessed of Five Shares at the least in the Stock and Property of the said Company, to be a new or other Director in the Room of each such Director who shall have died, resigned or become disqualified, for the Remainder of the Term for which such Director to whom he shall succeed would have been in Office, and so from time to time, as often as Occasion shall require; and that at Three new Di-the Annual General Meeting in the Year One thousand eight rectors to be hundred and twenty six, and at the Annual General Meeting in appointed an-every succeeding Year, the Proprietors of the said Company nuall3r* shall appoint by Ballot Three Members of the said Company, being respectively Proprietors of at least Five Shares of the said Stock, to be Directors in the Place of the Directors then going out of Office by reason of the Expiration of the Period of their Appointment, and such Directors so to be appointed shall continue in Office for Three Years, except in case of Death, Resignation or Disqualification as aforesaid; provided that Persons having served the Office of Directors, or ceasing to be Directors by the Expiration of their Term of Office, shall, if otherwise properly qualified, be eligible to be re-elected, but no Person shall be eligible to be a Director who shall not be a Proprietor of at least Five Shares of the said Stock: Provided always, that in in case Di-Case such Three Directors be not appointed on the Day of the rectors not ap-said Annual General Meeting in any Year after the present Year, Pointefl at then and in every such Case another General Meeting of the said .G^ne '

Company shall be holden on the same Day in the Week follow- ^uch Meeting ing, for the Purpose of making or completing such Appointment; to be adjourned and in case such Directors shall not then be appointed, then from Week to and in every such Case another General Meeting of the said Week until Ap-Company shall be holden on the same Day in the Week next Pointmei1 cora" following, for the Purpose of making or completing such Ap- p e e* pointment, and so toties quoties, until such Three Directors shall be chosen, but such Three Directors shall not continue in Office for any longer Time than if they had been appointed on the Day of the Annual General Meeting of the said Company then last past.

II. And be it further enacted, That as well the Powers and Three Direct-Authority by the said recited Act given to, and all Provisions, ors to be a Matters and Things by the said recited Act directed or authorized Q.uorum' to be done by or to the Directors of the said Company thereby appointed, or any of such Directors, except so far as the same are affected or repealed by this Act, as also the Powers and

IB 3

Authority

1110

C. lxiv.

6 GEO. IV.

A.IX1S2S.

Proceedings to be determined by Majority.

Chairman and Deputy Chairman to be chosen.

51 G.3. c.clxxi.

§5.

repealed.

General Meeting.

51 G.3. c.clxxi.

§4.

Authority by this Act given to, and all Provisions, Matters and Things by this Act directed or authorized to be done or approved of by or to the Directors of the said Company, shall and may be executed and done or approved of by, to or before any Three or more of the Directors appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and when so done shall be of as full Force and Effect as if executed or done or approved of by or to or before all the Directors of the said Company; and all Acts, Orders, Proceedings and Determinations of the Directors, made at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, consisting of Three or more Directors, wherein the major Part of the Directors present at such Meeting shall concur, shall be as valid and effectual as if all the Directors present at such Meeting had concurred therein.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Company, from time to time, shall choose from among themselves Two Persons to be the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Meetings of the said Directors and of the Meetings of the said Company ^, and shall and may meet at such Places within the City of London or County of Surrey, and at such Times as the major Part of such Directors so assembled (the Directors present not being less than Three in Number) shall deem convenient for executing the Powers given them by this Act, or contained in the said recited Act; and that if it shall happen that at any Meeting of the said Directors, or at any General Meeting of the said Company, the Chairman or Deputy Chairman to be chosen as aforesaid, or both of them, shall not attend, it shall be lawful for the major Part of the Directors then present to appoint a Chairman or Deputy Chairman for that Occasion; and that all Motions and Questions to be made and put at the Meetings of the Directors of the said Company, shall be decided by the Votes of a Majority of the Directors then present, and in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Motion or Question (including the Vote of the Chairman or Person supptying his Place) , such Chairman or Person supplying his Place shall have the casting Vote.

IV. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that a ' General Court of the said East Country Dock Company should ' be held every Year at such Time as the Directors should appoint: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Company shall be held on the Third Wednesday in May in the present and every succeeding Year.

VI. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that ' all the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which ' then did belong or might thereafter belong to the said Company, and all Buildings, Erections and other Matters and Things (thereon and thereunto belonging, and also all Basins or Docks, 1 Cuts, Quays or W7harfs, Works, Machines and requisite Roads,

Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things, which should be made, built, provided or established by the said Company, should

be and the same were thereby vested in the said Company:

And Whereas it is expedient that the said Provision should

4 be

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. lxiv.

Mil

4 be repealed; Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That all Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and Property of what Nature soever, which now belong or may hereafter belong to the said Company, or shall be hereafter or are now vested in the said Company, or in any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Corporations Sole or Aggregate, to the Use of or in Trust for the said Company, and all Buildings, Erections and other Matters and Things thereunto belonging, and all Basins, Docks, Cutsr Quays or Wharfs, Buildings, Works, Machines and requisite Roads, Ways, Sluices, Drains, Matters and Things, which have been or shall hereafter be made, built, provided or established by the said Company, and also all Books, Writings, Papers and Documents relating to the Affairs of the said Company, and all Sums of Money, or Securities for Money, of whatever Kind the same may be, which do now or shall hereafter belong to the said Company, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Directors for the Time being of the said Company, and their Successors, for the Use of the said Company, subject to the Securities now vested in the Executors or Representatives of Joseph Boucock, deceased, for the Payment of Eight thousand Pounds and Interest, during such Time as the same Sum and Interest, or any Costs, Charges or Expences incurred or to be incurred in respect thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, shall remain due and unpaid.

VIII. And Whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that it should and might be lawful to and for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves a competent Sum of Money for completing and maintaining the said Dock or Docks, and all the Feeders, Aqueducts, Ways, Roads, Bridges, Offices,

4 Sluices, Wharfs and all other Works belonging or requisite thereto, and for paying such Sums of Money as might be due by reason of the Expences then already incurred in making the same, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds (save and except as thereinafter mentioned) , in addition to the Sum then already subscribed, and that the same should be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and the said Shares, as well those then already subscribed for as those which should be thereafter subscribed for, in pursuance of the said Act, should be and were thereby vested in the several Persons so subscribing, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they should severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic,

4 Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, who should severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums as should be demanded in lieu thereof, towards completing the said Dock or Docks, and other the Purposes of the said Subscription, should be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that should and might arise and accrue by the Tolls, Rates, Wharfage and

repealed.

Property of the Company vested in Directors.

51 G.3. c.clxxi. § 10.

Former Powers of creating new Shares recited; and Terms upon which certain Shares were created confirmed.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

§13.

other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered and received by

the said Company by the Authority of the said Act: And Whereas it is by the said recited Act also further enacted, that

in case the Money thereinbefore authorized to be raised should be found insufficient for the completing and maintaining the said Dock or Docks, and other Works thereby authorized to be made, and all other necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it should and might be lawful to ' and for the said Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers (the Consent of a General Meeting being previously had and obtained for that Purpose) , any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and every Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, subscribing towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, should be deemed a Member or Members of the said Company, and should have all Rights and Privileges of the said Company, in as full and perfect a Manner as if he, she or they had been nominated and appointed at the General Meeting holden for the Purposes of the said Act, and should also be liable to such Forfeitures, and be interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum he, she or they should or might .subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum thereb}^ allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been Part of the said first Sum: And Whereas in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirteen the then Directors of the said Company,

being in Want of Money for the Purpose of completing and v< maintaining the said Dock, did borrow of different Proprietors Sums of Money amounting to the Sum of Six thousand one hundred and thirty Pounds, and did stipulate that the same Sums should be repaid at the End of Three Years from the Time of borrowing the same, with Interest in the meantime, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum: And Whereas at the Expiration of the said Three Years the Directors of the said Company, being unable to repay the Advances so made to them, did, with the Consent of the Proprietors of the said Company, pass a Resolution for the Repayment of such Ad-

vances to any Persons willing to accept such Payment in Shares at the then Market Price Value of such Shares: And Whereas

the greater Number of the said Proprietors who had made such Advances availed themselves of the Offer so made to them, and by these Means Two hundred and thirty five additional Shares were created: And Whereas it is expedient that the Creation of the said Shares should be confirmed; Be it therefore further enacted, That the Acts of the said Former Directors, and of all other Persons, in respect of the Creation and Acceptance of the said Shares, and in all Matters and Things incident thereto, be confirmed, and be made valid in all respects, as if the same had been done under the Provisions of the said recited Act; and that the said Proprietors who accepted such Shares shall be considered Holders of all the Shares so taken in Payment of such Advances,

A.D. 182'5.

6° GEO. IV. C. lxiv.

1113

vances, for every Purpose, as if they had been originally Shareholders under the Provisions of the said- recited Act, and the same shall be deemed good and valid Shares to all Intents and Purposes whatever, without being subject to any further Payment or Call in respect thereof.

(IX. And Whereas it is expedient that so much of the said ' Act should be repealed Be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the present Capital Stock of the said Company shall be hereafter deemed insufficient by the Directors for the Time being, for maintaining, enlarging, extending or improving the said Dock and other Works, Buildings and Property of the said Company, it shall be lawful for the said Directors to raise the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, and every or ary Part thereof, at any one Time, or at different Times, and from time to time, by the Sale and Disposal to any Person or Persons of such Number of Shares in the Stock and Property of the said Company as shall be required and necessary for that Purpose, and such Shares, when so sold and disposed of, shall be deemed to be of the Value of One hundred Pounds each, and shall be entered accordingly in the Register Book kept by the said Company; and the Holders of such new Shares shall be deemed and considered, and shall be Proprietors of the said Stock and Property of the said Company, and shall be entitled in respect of such new Shares to the same Rights and Privileges, and shall have the same Powers and Authorities as the Proprietors of the present Shares of the said Stock and Property of the said Company; and all the Clauses, Provisoes, Penalties, Restrictions and Provisions in this Act or in the said recited Act, except so far as the same are affected or repealed by this Act, shall extend to and be construed to extend to, and be in full Force and Effect with respect to the said new Shares, and the Proprietors thereof, except as to the Time or Times of making Calls for the said additional Capital Stock, and the Amount of such Calls, which Time and Times, and the Amount of such Calls respectively, shall from time to time be appointed by the Directors of the said Company.

XL And be it further enacted, That as well with respect to the original subscribed Shares, and the said Shares created as aforesaid, and also as to all Shares to be hereafter raised or created, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Secretary for the Time being of the said Company, in his Name, to sue for and recover in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity (as the Case may require) , every or any Subscription or Share, or any Part thereof, or the Monies payable in respect of such Subscription or Share, or any Part thereof, which now do or shall hereafter remain due and payable, or which have been or shall be hereafter neglected or refused to be paid, according to the Provisions contained in this Act or the said recited Act, except so far as the same is affected or repealed by this Act, and also the Forfeiture or Penalty incident to or consequent tupon such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid; and further, that the Provisions of this Act and the said recited Act, so far as the same are not affected or

repealed

Provision respecting Shares repealed.

Enabling the Directors to raise a furth*4* Sum of Money,

Secretary to sue for Subscriptions.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

51G.3. c.clxxi. *18.

Former Power of raising Money by Mortgage repealed.

repealed by this Act, in relation to the Forfeitures of any Share or Shares, shall also extend to the original Shares of the said Company, created previously to the said recited Act, and every of them, upon which any Call or Calls shall not have been paid.

XII. And Whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted and £ provided, that in case the said Company should be desirous of raising a Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds by, Mortgage of the said Undertaking, or should at any Time thereafter be desirous of raising by such Mortgage a Sum not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds of the Capital Sum subscribed, it should and might be lawful to and for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest all or an}' Part of the said Sums on the Credit of the Rates, Tolls or Profits of the said Docks, and to assign the Property of the said Docks, and the Rates and Profits arising or to arise to the said Company by or from the said Docks, or to mortgage any Part or Parts thereof, (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates and Profits,) as a Security to any Person or Persons, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, who should advance the same; all which said Assignments should be made and signed by Three or more of the Directors of the said Company, and should be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

: by virtue we,

the Company of Proprietors of the East Country Dock Company, in consideration of the JSum of to us in Hand paid by

44 of do hereby bargain, sell

and assign to the said his Exe-

cutors, Administrators rand Assigns, the said Dock or Docks, 44 and all and singular the Profits arising therefrom or payable to us by virtue and all. our Estate,

44 Right, Title and Interest of and in and to the same; to hold unto the said A.B., his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, 44 until the said Sum of with

44 Interest for the same after the Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be fully paid and satisfied."

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Assignment should be made should be equally entitled, one with the other, to their Proportions of the said Rates and Profits, and Purchases, according to the respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference whatsoever,

and the Date, Name or Names of Assignees, with their Addition or Additions, the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Rate of Interest, should, within Twenty one Days from the Date of every such Assignment, be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, which Book or Books should and might be inspected at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Dock, and any other Person or Persons interested therein, upon Payment for every such Inspection of the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and the Person or Persons to whom such Assignment

should

A.D» 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C.Jxiv.

1115

should be made as aforesaid, or who should be entitled to the Money due thereon, should and might from time to time transfer his, her or their Right or Interest therein to any Person or Persons, by Writing under his, her or their Hand and Seal, or Plands and Seals, in the Form and to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

u

u

a

u

i<

u

a

a

a

u

T A. Z>., in consideration of the Sum of

paid by the said C. Z). of do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Proprietors of the East Country Docks, bearing Date the Day of for securing

the Sum of and all the Interest

now due and to become due thereon, and all my Right and Property therein, to the said C. D., his Executors, Administrators and Assigns. Dated this Day of

And every such Transfer should, within Seven Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Solicitor or Clerk of the said Company, who should cause a Memorial to be made thereof,

for which the Solicitor or Clerk should be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more, and every such Entry made of such Transfer should from thenceforth vest all Interest in the said Mortgage in the Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns; and the Interest of the Money which should be borrowed or raised by Mortgage as aforesaid should be provided for and paid to the several Persons entitled thereto, before any Interest or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, should be paid, made or divided: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Provision or Enactment for raising Money by Loan should be repealed, and that Powers of borrowing Money upon the Terms and in Manner hereinafter mentioned should be given to the Directors of the said Company Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision or Enactment for raising Money byLoan be repealed; and further, that in case the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds now due to the Representatives of the said Joseph Boucock deceased, and all Interest due and to grow due thereupon, shall have been previously paid, or in case the Money to be borrowed as hereinafter mentioned, or a sufficient Part thereof, shall be applied in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the said Principal Sum and Interest, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, if they shall deem it adviseable, to borrow and take up at Interest, from time to time and at any Time or Times thereafter, on the Security or Securities hereinafter mentioned, and for any limited or definite, or unlimited or indefinite Period of Time, such limited or definite Period of Time (if any) being mentioned or subscribed in or under or at the Foot of such Security or Securities, any Sum or Sums of Money, so as not to exceed at any one Time the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds; and in order to raise such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Directors for the Time being of the said Company, or any Three of them, shall and may, at the Costs and Charges of the said Company, convey and assign ail or any Part of the said Docks,

Directors may borrow any Sum not exceeding 20,000l. by way of Mortgage, according to the Form annexed.

1116 C. lxiv. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Form of Mortgage.

and the Property therein, and the Rates and Profits thereof, and the Fee Simple of and in the said Docks, and the Lands and Hereditaments of the said Company, and the absolute Interest in the Effects, present and future, of the said Company, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, together with Interest, to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, as shall advance or lend the same, or his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees, Heirs, Executors or Administrators, by the following Form of Conveyance and Assignment, or by any other Words to the same Effect; (that is to say,)

virtue of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

4 His Majesty King George the Fourth, intituled An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for completing and maintaining the East Country Dock at Rotherhitne in the County of Surrey, and to enlarge the Poivers of the said Act, we being Three of the Directors of the East

4 Country Dock Company, in consideration of the Sum of of lawful Money of Great Britain to us in

4 Hand paid by of

4 do hereby grant, bargain, sell, convey and assign unto the said his [her or their] Successors, Heirs,

4 Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively [as the Case may he], all and singular the said East Country Dock, and all the Lands and Hereditaments, and Real and Personal Property of the said Company, and all and singular the Rates and Profits thereof respectively, and all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Company of, in, to or out of the same, to hold the same unto the said his [her or their]

4 Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively [as the Case may he-] until the said Sum of together with Interest for the same, computed

from the Date hereof, after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum, shall be repaid and satisfied. Dated the Day of

Directors. '

And all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, to whom any such Conveyance and Assignment, or Conveyances or Assignments, shall be made, shall be equally entitled to the Property so mortgaged, and the Rates, Issues and Profits thereof, proportionably according to the respective Sums in such Conveyance and Assignment mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof, with Interest as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Conveyance and Assignment, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied in maintaining or extending or improving the said Dock, and Property or Business of the said Company, or in the Repayment of any other Loan or Loans, Debt or Debts, now or to be hereafter due from the said Company; but that no Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, advancing or lending such Money, and having obtained

6° GEO. IV.

C.lxiv.

IIF?

such Security as aforesaid, shall be concerned to see to the Application, or be answerable for the Misapplication thereof or of any Part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That Entries or Memorials of every such Conveyance and Assignment, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties and Sums of Money borrowed, and the Period of Time for which the same shall be borrowed, where the same shall be definite or limited, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks of the Company, which Book or Books shall and may be perused at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Company, without Fee or Reward; and that all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, to whom any such Conveyance and Assignment, or Conveyances and Assignments, shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall and may from time to time, personally or by Attorney thereunto lawfully authorized, convey, assign or transfer his, her or their Estate, Right, Title, Interest or Benefit in and to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, and in and to the said Docks, and the Rates and Profits thereof, and in and to the Lands, Hereditaments and Property of the said Company, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, whatsoever, his, her or their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, by indorsing or writing on the Back of such Security, or on any Paper or Parchment thereto annexed, before a credible Witness, who shall subscribe his Name thereto, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that is to say,)

' J DO grant, convey and transfer the within [or above] Con-c veyance and Assignment, with all m}^ Right and Title to ' the Principal Money thereby secured, and to all the Interest ' Money thereon now due, or hereafter to become due, and all my Estate and Interest in the Docks, Lands, Hereditaments £ and Property of the East Country Dock Company, and the ' Rates and Profits thereof, unto

' of his, her or their Successors,

' Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively [as

' the Case may he']. Dated this Day of

' Witness A.B. E-F. '

Which Transfer shall, within Ten Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of Parties and Sums of Money therein transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for the entering the said original Conveyances and Assignments; and after such Entry made, and not until then, every such Conveyance and Assignment shall entitle any such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may convey and assign the same again in manner

aforesaid,

Entries of Mortgages to be made.

Power to transfer Mortgages.

Form of Transfer.

Entries of Transfers to be made.

C. Ixiv.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Directors may pay off Money borrowed.

Interest of Money borrowed to be paid in preference to Dividends.

Power of Distress, & c. given to Mortgagees.

aforesaid, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Conveyance and Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof: Provided nevertheless, that the said Directors may at all Times pay off and discharge all Principal Monies due upon any such Conveyances and Assignments, unless it shall be therein or thereunder stipulated to the contrary, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they shall deem expedient, on giving Six Calendar Months Notice thereof to the Party or Parties then entitLed thereto according to the said Books of the said Company, or leaving such Notice at his, her or their last or most usual Place of Abode in England; and at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months all Interest shall cease to be paid on the said Principal Money, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, unless any Delay shall arise in the Repayment thereof by the Act, Neglect or Default of the said Directors.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Mone}' which shall be borrowed as aforesaid shall, from the Time the said Money, or any Part thereof, shall have been advanced, be paid Half yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable to the said Company or any of them, and shall from time to time be fully paid and discharged, or effectually provided for, before the yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, shall be paid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, or his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, Nominee or Nominees, to whom any such Security as aforesaid shall have been given or transferred, his, her and their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall and may at any Time or Times after the same shall have actually become due and payable, and during the Continuance of such their Security or Securities as aforesaid, after Six Months previous Demand in Writing having been left with the Treasurer or Secretary for the Time being of the said Company, or at the Office of the said Company, demanding Payment of the Principal Money or Interest due to him, her or them from the said Company, enter into and upon the said Dock and Property of the said Company, and distrain the Property of the said Company for the same, and dispose of the Property so to be distrained, as Landlords are authorized to do in relation to Distresses for Rent reserved upon Leases for Years, to the Intent that thereby the Sum or Sums of Money due to the Person or Persons so distraining, and other the Creditors, if any, of the said Compan)^ upon such Securities as aforesaid, may be paid and satisfied proportionably according to the Amount of their respective Debts, and all Expences satisfied incident to making any such Distress or Distresses, or the Proceedings thereunder; and also upon the same Dock and Property, or any Part or Parts thereof in the Name of the whole, to enter, and the same and every Part thereof to hold, and to receive the Profits thereof for the Benefit of himself, herself or themselves, and such other Creditors as aforesaid, until thereby or therewith such Sum or Sums of

Money

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C.lxiv.

1119

Money as last aforesaid shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with all Expences attending such Proceedings, and such Possession when taken to be without Impeachment of Waste; and further, if by him, her or them it shall be deemed expedient, to set, let or manage the said Dock and Property until Repayment of such Sum or Sums of Money as last aforesaid, and Satisfaction of all Expences incident to such Letting and Management, in such Manner and upon such Terms as the Person or Persons so having entered shall think adviseable, and to receive the Rents, Rates, Issues and Profits thereof, and give effectual Receipts for the same respectively, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of voting by reason of any Conveyance or Assignment, or any Transfer of the same, at any Meeting of the said Company, for or on account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money on the Credit of such Conveyance, Assignment or Transfer.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company, at any Time or Times, when and so often as they shall think fit, to purchase, on the Account of and for the Benefit of the said Company, any Share or Shares of the said Company, at such Price as they shall deem reasonable, from any Proprietor or Proprietors of such Share or Shares, not being a Director or Directors of the said Company at the Time of such Purchase; and that such purchased Shares shall, upon such Purchase, be cancelled and cease to exist, in like Manner as if such Shares had never been created.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Secretary, Treasurer, Collector and Receiver of the said Company, and other Officers and Persons entrusted with the Collection or Receipt or Disbursement of Money on account of the said Company, shall, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Directors shall order, deliver to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge, and of all Monies which shall have been received by such Officer and Person respectively, by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act, or the said recited Act, or otherwise on account of the said Company, and how much thereof have been paid and disbursed, and to whom and for what Purposes, together with Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall pay all such Money as shall remain due from them respectively to the Bankers of the said Company, or such Person or Persons as the said Directors shall appoint; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to make and render any such Accounts, or to produce and deliver up such Vouchers and Receipts relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty one Days after being thereunto required by the said Directors, by Notice in Writing to be given to or left at the last known or usual Place of Abode of such Officer or Person, all Books, Papers and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, or to

the

No Mortgagee to vote.

Power to Directors to buy up Shares.

Officers to account.

Neglecting.

C. Ixiv.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proceedings.

Distress,

Imprisonment,

Proviso.

Treasurer and Clerk not to be the same Person.

the Affairs of the said Company, and to give Information and Satisfaction to the said Directors respecting the same, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Directors, or any One or more of them, or their Secretary, of any such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Person so refusing or neglecting to be brought before him, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money which shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, or otherwise, on account of the said Company, shall be in the Hands of such last mentioned Officer or Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges for distraining and selling the same, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Person has refused or wilfully neglected to render or give such Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books, Papers or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, or to the Affairs of the said Company, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Person, and he shall have refused or wilfully neglected to deliver up or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Justices shall commit such Offender to the House of Correction for the County of Surrey, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have made and given a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Directors for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Directors are herebj^ empowered to make and receive) , and until he shall have given up such Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to such Justice: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed by virtue of this Act, on account of not having sufficient Goods and Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Term than Six Calendar Months: Provided also, that if any Money shall remain due from such Officer or Person, the Commitment of him to Prison shall not be deemed a Discharge for the same, nor exonerate his Surety or Sureties, but such Officer or Person, and his Surety or Sureties, shall remain liable to the Payment thereof, in the same Manner as if such Officer or Person had not been committed to Prison.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to continue or appoint the Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed their Clerk or Clerks in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, or the

Partner

6° GEO. IV.

C.lxiv.

A.D. 1825.

Partner or Partners of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, or of his, her or their Partner or Partners, the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or to continue or appoint any Person or Persons who has been or may be appointed Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or of his or their Partner or Partners, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company; and if any Person shall accept both the Offices of Clerk and Treasurer for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, or if any Person or Persons, being the Partner or Partners of any such Clerk or Clerks, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Clerk or Clerks, or of his or their Partner or Partners, shall accept the Office of Treasurer, or being the Partner or Partners of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or the Clerk or Clerks or other Person or Persons in the Service or Employ of any such Treasurer or Treasurers, or of his or their Partner or Partners, shall accept the Office of Clerk in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, or if any such Treasurer or Treasurers shall hold or accept any Place or Office of Profit or Trust under the said Company, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Actions and Suits to be commenced and instituted by or on behalf of the said Company shall or lawfully may be commenced or instituted and prosecuted in the Name of the Treasurer or Secretary of the said Company for the Time being, as the nominal Plaintiff for and on behalf of the said Company; and all Actions and Suits at Law or in Equity, to be commenced and instituted against and answered by the said Company, whether in respect of any past or future Cause or Causes of Action or Suit, shall be commenced, instituted or prosecuted against the Treasurer or Secretary of the said Compan}' for the Time being, as the nominal Defendant for and on behalf of the said Company; and that no Action or Suit so to be brought or commenced by or against the said Treasurer or Secretary shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Removal, Resignation or Default of such Treasurer or Secretary, but shall be continued and be carried on in the Name of the Treasurer or Secretary by or against whom the same shall have been brought or commenced: Provided nevertheless, that the Body or Goods, Chattels, Lands or Tenements of such Treasurer or Secretary shall not, by reason of his "being Plaintiff or Defendant in any such Action or Suit, be liable tb be arrested, seized, detained or taken in Execution; and provided that all Costs and Expences to be incurred by such Treasurer or Secretary, in prosecuting or defending any Action or Suit, for and 6 Geo. IV, C on

1I21

Penalty.

Actions and Suits to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer or Secretary.

Actions not to abate by reason of Death, &c. of Secretary.

Secretary or Treasurer not to be personally liable, or deemed inadmissible as Witnesses.

1122

C.lxiv.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Indictments, &c. to be preferred in the Name of Secretary *

How Debts may be proved in Cases of Bankruptcy.

on behalf of the said Company, shall be defrayed out of the Monies of the said Company; and provided that such Treasurer or Secretary shall not on that Account be deemed an inadmissible Witness in any such Action or Suit.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to prefer any Indictment or Indictments, or Information or Informations, against any Person or Persons, for any Offence committed against the said Company in any Matter or Thing relating to the said Company, or as to any Goods, Chatties or Property of or belonging to the said Company, or vested in the Directors of the said Company, or as to any Goods, Chatties or Property in their Custody, or in the Custody of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for and on behalf of the said Company, or of any other Person or Persons having deposited such Goods, Chattels or Property in the Care or Custody of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, or in any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses or Premises belonging to the said Company; and the Name of such Treasurer or Secretary may be used in all such Indictments, Informations, and in all other legal Proceedings as to any such Matters, Things, Goods, Chattels or Property, as and for the said Company; and no Action, Suit or Information, brought, commenced or prosecuted by or against the said Company in the Name of such Treasurer or Secretary, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension, Removal, Resignation or other Act of any such Treasurer or Secretary; and in any such Indictment or Information as to any of such Goods, Chattels or Property, the same may be laid and stated to be the Goods, Chattels and Property of the said East Country Dock Company, and in proof of the same being the Property of the said East Country Dock Company on any such Indictment or Information, it shall be sufficient to prove that such Goods, Chattels or Property were at the Time of the Offence committed in or on any of the Docks, Wharfs, Warehouses, Vaults, Works or Premises belonging to the said Company, or vested in the said Directors to the Use of the said Company, or in the Custody of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, or Officer of Customs or Excise, for and on behalf of the said Company, or of any Person or Persons having deposited the same with the said Company.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases under any Commission of Bankruptcy which shall be awarded against any Person or Persons who is or are or shall be indebted to the said Company, or against whom the said Company have or shall or may have any Claim or Demand, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Secretary for the Time being of the said Company, or any Person who shall from time to time in that Behalf be appointed, by Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer or Secretary of the said Company for the Time being, to appear, and he is hereby authorized to appear and act on behalf of the said Company in respect of any such Debt, Claim or Demand before the Commissioners under any Commission of Bankrupt, either personally or by his Affidavit to be sworn and exhibited in the usual Manner, in order to prove and establish any such Debt, Claim or Demand under such Commission, and the said Treasurer or Se-

17 cretary

6° GEO. IV.

GJxIv.

12 23

cretary for the Time being, or such Person so to be appointed, shall in all such Cases be admitted and allowed to make Proof, or Tender or Claim, under any such Commission, on behalf and for the Benefit of the said Company, in respect of such Debt, Claim or Demand, and shall have such and the same Powers and Privileges as to voting in the Choice of Assignees, and signing Certificates, and otherwise, in respect of any Debt admitted to be proved on behalf of the said Company, as any other5 Person being a Creditor of such Bankrupt or Bankrupts in lvis own Right would have in respect of the Debt proved by him under such Commission; and it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Secretary of the said Company to sue out a Commission of Bankrupt against any Person or Persons subject to the Bankrupt Laws indebted to the said Company in the Sum of One hundred Pounds or upwards, and to do all Acts as a Petitioning Creditor or otherwise for perfecting and establishing a Commission of Bankrupt against such Person or Persons, in like Manner in all respects as if the Debt due to the said Company were due to the said Treasurer or Secretary solely, and not further or otherwise.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions at Law or Suits in Equity, and in all Proceedings under this Act or the said recited Act or otherwise, for or on behalf of or against the said Company, or the Treasurer or Secretarjr thereof, and also in all Prosecutions or Informations by or on behalf or against the said Company, or the Treasurer or Secretary thereof, and in all Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings in or consequent upon, or arising out of any such Actions, Suits or Proceedings, save as to the Remedies of the Executors and Representatives of the said Joseph Boucock, as Mortgagee as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Secretary of the said Company for the Time being, in his own Name, for and on behalf of the said Company, to make, sign, seal, execute and deliver all and every such general or other Release or Releases, as may be or be deemed to be necessary for the Purpose of exonerating, releasing or discharging all and every or any Person or Persons who shall or may be produced as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Actions, Suits, Proceedings, Informations, Arbitrations, References or other Proceedings, from all or any Claims or Demands which may be or be deemed to be necessary to be released by the said Company, to qualify such Person or Persons to give Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceeding; and every such Release shall be a valid and effectual Release; and also in any such Action, Suit, Information, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceedings, to do any other Act, Matter or Thing which any Party in his own Right might do in any Action, Suit, Information, Arbitration, Reference or other Proceeding; and every such Release shall be a valid and effectual Release, and every such Act, Matter or Thing shall be as effectual as if done by a Party in his own Right.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That none of the Directors of the said Company hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed under the Authority of this Act, shall, by reason or means or on account of their or his being Parties or Party to, or making

* 4? C 2 or

Secretary may give Releases.

Valid.

Directors not personally answerable for Acts legally done as Directors.

C. Ixiv.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Nonattendance of Witnesses.

Penalty.

Justice of Peace may administer

or signing or executing, in their or his Capacity of Directors or Director of the said Company, any Contract, Covenant or Agreement, Assignment, Conveyance or Security for and on behalf of the said Company under or by virtue of this Act, or otherwise lawfully executing any of the Powers or Authorities by this Act given to, or now or hereafter to be vested in them or any of them, be subject or liable to be sued, prosecuted or impleaded, either collectively or individually, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, in any Court of Law or Equity, or elsewhere; and that the Bodies, Goods, Chattels, Lands or Tenements of the said Directors, of any of them, shall not, by reason or on account or in consequence of any such Covenant, Contract, Agreement, Conveyance, Assignment or Security, so to be entered into or made, signed or executed by them or any of them as aforesaid, or any other lawful Act which shall be done by them or any of them, in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities given to or now or hereafter to be vested in them or any of them, be liable to be arrested, detained or taken in Execution, but that in every such Case any Person or Persons making any Claim or Demand upon the said Company, or upon any Director or Directors thereof, under or by virtue of any such Contract, Covenant, Assignment, Conveyance or Security or other lawful Act or Acts, may sue or implead the said Company in the Name of the Treasurer or Secretary, as provided by this Act, in like Manner, as if such Contract, Covenant, Agreement, Conveyance, Assignment or Security had been entered into and executed by such Treasurer or Secretary for and on behalf of the said Company, or such other Act or Acts had been done by him; and the Party or Parties so suing or impleading shall be entitled to the same Remedies as are provided by this Act in Cases where Authority is hereby given to sue and implead the said Company in the Name of the Treasurer or Secretary thereof, but not to any further or other Remedy whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be summoned as a Witness to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act or the said recited Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order or Regulation of the said Company, either on the behalf of the Prosecution or on behalf of the Person or Persons accused, and shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, after having been paid or tendered a reasonable Sum of Money for his or her Costs and Expences, without a reasonable Excuse for such Nonappearance being given, at such Time and Place, to the Satisfaction of such Justice or Justices, or appearing shall refase to be examined on Oath or Affirmation, or to give Evidence touching the Matter in question before such Justice or Justices, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered as other Fines and Penalties are by this Act or the said recited Act recoverable.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Provisions of this Act or the said recited Act direct or require the Oath or Affirmation of any Witness or Witnesses to be had or

taken

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. lxiv.

1125

taken in any Proceeding or Proceedings before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, he and they is and are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer such Oath or Affirmation.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, Conviction or other Proceeding touching or concerning any Offence against this Act or the said recited Act, or against any Bye Law made or to be made by Authority thereof respectively, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Directors, or for any of the Surveyors, Collectors or other Officers of the said Company, and such Person or Persons as they or any of them shall call to their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any Person or Persons (being unknown to such Directors, Surveyors, Collectors or Officers) who shall commit any Offence or Offences against this Act or the said recited Act, or any Bye Law made or to be made in pursuance thereof respectively, and to deliver him, her or them into the Custody of any Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey; and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required to proceed and act with respect to such Offender or Offenders according to the Provisions of this Act or the said recited Act, as the Case may require.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Enactments and Provisions contained in this Act shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act, be applied and construed as if the same Enactments and Provisions were specifically enacted in the said recited Act; and that the said recited Act, and the several Powers, Provisions, Penalties and Exemptions, Matters and Things therein respectively contained (except so far as the same are by this Act affected, varied, altered or repealed) , shall be and continue in full Force, and shall be applied and extended to and incorporated, construed and executed with this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were severally and respectively herein repeated and enacted.

XXX. Saving always to the Representatives of the said Jojseph Boucock, deceased, all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Power and Rights of Sale (if any) , Securities, Remedies, Claims and Demands, as. they, any or either of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, enjoyed or been entitled to, in case this Act had not been passed so that all Remedies which they could otherwise have against the Company collectively, be taken against the Secretary or Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being, which they are hereby authorized to take accordingly.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to prejudice, diminish, alter or take away

4- C 3 any

Oaths to Witnesses.

Verdict, &c. not to be quashed for Want of Form* or be removed by Certiorari.

For securing transient Offenders.

Provisions of former Act to-extend to. this Act.

Saving Rights of Representatives of Joseph Boucock, deceased.

Not to preju-judice the Powers of the Commissioner*.

1126

(]. Ixiv — Ixx.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

of Sewers for Surrey and Kent.

Expences of Act.

[Public Act.]

any of the Rights, Powers or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Monlsey in the County of Surrey to Ravensborne in the County of Kent? but all the Rights, Powers and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid and effectual as if this Act had not been passed.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and incident thereto, shall be paid by the Treasurer or Directors of the said Company out of the Monies of the said Company.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. lxv,

5 1 G.fJ. c. c. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts of the Fifty fourth and 59 G-; ]; Fifty ninth Years of His late Majesty for erecting and maintaining a New Court House and other Offices for the City and County of Aberdeen; and for providing an additional Gaol for the said City and County; and to provide a safe and convenient Place for the Custody and Preservation of the Public Records of the said City and County; and for other Purposes connected therewith.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxvi.

An Act for supplying with Water the Town and Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, and for lighting the said Town and Borough with Gas.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Ashton-under-Lyne and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Township of Duckinfield, in the County Palatine of Chester; and for supplying with Water the said Town of Ashton-under-Lyne and the Neighbourhood thereof.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act for better supplying with Water the Town and Township of Stockport, and the Township of Brinnington, and several other Townships adjoining thereto, in the Counties Palatine of Chester and Lancaster.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxix.

54 G.s. c.lxiil. An Act for extending and rendering more effectual an Act of His late Majesty, for enlarging and improving the Minster Yard of the Cathedral and Metropolitical Church of Saint Peter in York.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. Ixx.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching, watering and improving the Town and Borough of Sudbury, in the County of Suffolk.

[20th May 1825.1

6° GEO. IV.

C.lxxi — lxxix.

1127

Cap. lxxi.

-An Act for lighting, watching, cleansing and improving the Town of Leek, in the County of Stafford.

[20th May 1825-]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for lighting, watching, paving, cleansing and improving the Streets, Highways and Places within the Borough, Town and Parish of Newbury^ and the Tithing or Hamlet of Speenhamland, in the Parish of Speen, in the County of Berks.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for watching and lighting the Townships or Vills of

Hanley and Shelton, in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford.

[20th May 1825.]

[Proviso for the Rectory of Stokfr-upon-Trent, §71. Proviso for the Rights of His Majesty and the Lord of the Manor of Hanley, § 73.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act to amend an Act of His late Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and public Places within such Part of the Parish of Walcot^ in the County of Somerset, as is not within the City of Bath.

[20th May 1825.]

[33 G. 3. c. 89. continued.']

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for the better Regulation of Buildings in the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for authorizing the making of Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations for Vessels frequenting the Docks, Basing and Quays belonging to the Corporation there.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

[20th May 1825-]

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for lighting the Town and Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for amending and enlarging an Act of His late Majesty 46 G.3. c.lxvii. for better paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and otherwise improving the City of Norwich.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act to establish an additional Company for more effectually lighting with Gas the Town of Birmingham, and certain other Parishes and Places, in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford.

[20th May 1825.]

[8ce 52 G.3. c.cxiii. 59 G.3. c.lxviii. 5G.L c.lxviii.]

4 c i

312S

6° GEO. IV. A.D.

C. lxxx — lxxxv.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from the Borough of Leicester to the Town of Lutterworth, in the County of Leicester. (£) [20th May 1825.]

[45 G. 3. c.lxxvii. repealed. Powers of SGA. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 6 9; . extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from Melton Mowbray in the County of Leicester, to the Guide Post in Saint Margaret's Field, Leicester, and the Road branching from the said Road at or near a certain Place in the Lordship of Barkby, in the said County, called The Round Hill, to the Town of Barkby. (b) [20th May 1825.]

[45 G.3. c.xlix. 4G. 3. c. 84. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4G.4.

c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from Welford Bridge, in the County of Northampton, to Milstone Lane> in the Town of Leicester, (b)

[20th May 1825.]

[45 G.3. c.lxxviii. repealed. Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95.]

5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, through Oldham to Austerlands, in the Parish of Saddleworth, in the County of Yor&; and from Oldham to Ashton-under-Line, and from G/c/-//.flw to Rochdale, in the said County Palatine of Lancaster. (a)

[20th May 1825.]

[46G.3. c.lxiii. repealed. Powers of SG.4. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95.]

5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Trebarwith Sands on the Sea Shore, to Condolden Bridge, on the Road leading from Bossiney to Camelford, all in the County of Cornwall. (b) [20th May 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95. 5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Coehermouth to the Town of Maryport, and from thence by Allonby to Wigton, and several other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Cumberland. (b) [20th May 1825.]

[Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95. 5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

6° GEO. IV.

C.lxxxvi — xci.

1129

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for amending, improving and maintaining the Road from Lockwood to Meltham, and the Branch of Road to Meltham Mills, all in the Parish of Almondbury, in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [20th May 1825.]

[58 G.3. c.xli. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads from Sheet Bridge to Portsmouth, and from Petersfield to the Alton and Aire ford Turnpike Road, near Ropley, in the County of Southampton / and for making and maintaining a new Branch of Road to communicate therewith. (£) [20th May 1825.]

[12 G. 3. c. 108. S6G.3. £. 135. I &2 GA-c.W\. all repealed, as relates to the Road from Petersfield to Alton. Powers of 3 GA.

c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. £.69. extended to this Act.J

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Roads between Newton Abbot and Brixham, Kingsweare and Dartmouth, Shaldon and Torquay, and also between Torquay and Saint Mary Church, and the Bridge to be built over the River Teign at Shaldon, and for making and repairing several other Roads communicating therewith, all in the County of Devon. (b)

[20th May 1825.]

I See G.4. c.xvii. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4G. 4. £.95. 5G.4.

c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the Market Place in Cranford to the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and Two Branch Roads to Newhaven House and Wirksworth, all in the County of Derby, (b) [20th May 1825.]

[44 G. 3. c.lxvii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G. 4. c. 95.]

5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Turnpike Road from Bawtry through the Town of Tinsley to the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.(b)

[20th May 1825.]

[33 G. 2. £.55. 22 G. 3. £.97. 44 G.3. £.xxviii. all repealed as to

Roads under this Act. Powers of 3 GA. £. 126. 4 G. 4. c. 95.

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xci.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving several Roads leading from Tavistock to New Bridge, and other Roads therein

mentioned,

1130

C.xci — xcvii.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

mentioned, all in the County of Devon; and for making Diversions to comanunicate therewith, (b) [20th May 1825.]

[*See 44G.3. c.lxxvi. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4G.4.C. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xcii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Bradshaw Brotv, near the Town of Bolton-le-Moors, in the County of Lancaster, to the Bury and Blackburn Turnpike Road, in the Township of Haslingden, in the same County, and Three Branches of Road communicating therewith, (b) [20th May 1825.]

\Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. 4G.4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act,]

Cap. xciii.

An Act for more effectually repairing several Roads leading from and through the Town of Wiveliscombe, in the County of Somerset, and the Roads adjoining thereto, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, and for making a new Line of Road to communicate therewith. (Z>) [20th May 1825.]

[26 G.3. c. 135. 46 G. 3. c.lii. both repealed. Powers of 3 G.4.

c, 126. 4G.4. c, 95, 5G.4. c. 69, extended to this Act, ']

Cap. xciv.

An Act for repairing certain Roads from the Borough of New Woodstock to Rollright Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Oxford, (b) [20th May 1825.]

[3 G.2. c. 21. 24G.2. c. 21. 31G.2. c. 48. 24G.3* Sess. 2. c, 6l.

44 G.3. c.lxxix. all repealed. Powers of SGA, c, 126. 4 G.4.

c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act,]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for repairing and amending the Road from Mullen s Pond, in the County of Southampton, through Amesbury, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of New Sarum, near Willoughby Hedge in the County of Wilts, and several other Roads leading out of the said Road, (a) [20th May 1825.]

[2G.3. c. 39. 5G. 3. c. 66. 44 G. 3. c, v. all repealed. Powers of

3G.4. c. 126. 4G.4. c, 95. 5G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. xevi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the City of Cork to the Town of Ballyhooly, on the River Black-water. (5) [20th May 1825.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for making and maintaining a new Road from Leeds to Whitehall, near Hal fax, and several Branch Roads therefrom, all in the West Riding of the County of York, (a)

[20th May 1825.]

[46 G. 3. c. xvii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95.]

5 G. 4. s. 69. extended to this Act.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. xcviii — cii.

1131

Cap. xcviii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Sheffield, in the County of York, to the Marple Bridge Road, in the Parish of Glossop, in the County of Derby, and the Branch to Mortimer s Road, in the Parish of Hathersage, in the said County of Derby. («) [20th May 1825.]

[58 G. 3. c. xxxv. repealed. Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126. G. 4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.']

Cap. xcix.

An Act for more effectually maintaining and improving the Road from Teignmouth to Dawlish, and for making and maintaining Roads from Dawlish to the Exeter Turnpike Roads, together with a Road from Southtown to Chudleigh, and certain Branches communicating with the same, all in the County of Devon. (5)

[20th May 1825.]

[4 G.4. c. xliv. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. c.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis and Dorchester, in the County of Dorset. (b)

[20th May 1825.]

[1 G. 3. c. 24. 22 G. 3. c. 101. 43 G. 3. c. iv. a// repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from Greenhill Moor to Hernstone Lane Head Road, near Stony Middleton, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Derby, and in the West Riding of the County of York; and for making an Extension and Branch of Road therefrom, (b)

[20th May 1825.]

[21 G.3. c. 83. 43 G. 3. c. lxx. both repealed. See 35 G. 3. c. 164.]

51 G.3. c.lxxv. 52 G.3. c.xxxi. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cii.

An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to New Hey, in the Parish of Rochdale, in the County of Lancaster, with a Branch to Toothill Lane in the said Riding; and for making anew Road from Buck Stones to the Highway leading from Ripponden to Stainland, at or near to Barlcisland School, (b)

[20th May 1825.]

[46 G. 3. c.xiii. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

1132

C. cili — cix.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. ciii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Meltharn, in the Parish of Almondbury, to the Greenfield and Shepley Lane Head Turnpike Road, near Wessenden Heady in the Township of Austonley, in the West Riding of the County of York. (b) [20th May 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c*126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c.§9.[extended to this Act.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from or from near to a certain Place called Duffryn Llynviy in the Parish of Llangonoydy in the County of Glamorgan, to or near to a certain Bay called Pwll Cawly otherwise Forth Cawly in the Parish of Newton Nottage, in the same County; and for extending and improving the same Bay, by the Erection of a Pier and other suitable Works for that Purpose.

[10th June 1825.] [Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempt from Duties.']

Cap. cv.

An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Aldgate, and in the Parish or Precinct of Saint Katharine, near the Tower of London, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cvi.

An Act for collecting the Shaws Watery and applying the same to the driving Mills and Machinery, near the Town of Greenock, in the County of Renfretv, and for supplying the said Town and Harbour thereof with Water.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for establishing additional Market Places in the City of Glasgow, for opening certain Streets and Communications therein, and otherwise improving the said City.

[10th June 1825.] [See 33 G.3. c. 124. 1 G. 4. c.lxxxviii.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for amending and continuing several Acts for repairing Roads in the County of Renfrew, (a) [10th June 1825.]

[44G.3. c. lii. 1 G.4. c.lxxxiii. both repealed. Powers of ^G A.

C. 49. applied to this Act.]

Cap. cix.

An Act for more effectually making, maintaining and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Baiiff'y Aberdeen and Elgin^ and for building Bridges over the Rivers Spey and Dovern. (a)

[10th June 1825.]

[44G.3. c.lxxxl. repealed. Powers of'4G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act.]

6° GEO. IV. C. cx — cxvi.

1133

Cap. cx.

An Act to amend certain Acts for making and maintaining Roads, and converting the Statute Labour in the Counties of Ross and Cromarty, and Part of Nairn, locally situate in the County of Ross, (b) [10th June 1825.]

[Proviso for Glebe Lands, §c. 47 G. 3. Sess. l. c.xiii. 50 G 3.

c. clxxxix. 53 G.3. c. cxxxvi. all amended and in part re pealed.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act to amend an Act for making certain Streets in the City of Glasgow; and for forming a Street from King Street to Stock-xvell Street, and from thence to Howard Street, in the said City.

[10th June 1825.]

[1 G. 4. c.lxxxviii. in part repealed. See c.cxl. post.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of an Act of His late Majesty's 45G.3. c.lix. Reign, to empower the Justices of the Peace within the Hundred of Salford in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to raise a Sum of Money to be paid by way of Salary to the Chairman of the Quarter Sessions for the said Hundred.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enabling the Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company to raise a further Sum of Money; and for altering, amending and enlarging the Powers and Provisions contained in the several Acts for making the said Canal.

[10th June 1825.]

[Poxvers of 33 G.3. c. 97. 37 G. 3. c. 54. 45 G. 3. c. civ. 58 G. 3.

c.xvii. 3 G. 4. c.liii. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual Two Acts of Z6 G.s. c. 98. the Thirty sixth and Thirty ninth Years of His late Majesty, 39 G.s. c.lxx, for improving the Haven of Great Grimsby, in the County of Lincoln.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for making and constructing a Harbour and other Works in the Parish of Pembreyfm the County of Carmarthen; and for making a Canal and Railway from the said Harbour to the Kidwelly and Llanelly Canal, in the said County.

[10th June 1825.] [Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempt from Duty.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of several Acts relating to the Harbour and Bridge of the Borough

1134* C. cxvi — cxxiii. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and Town of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, in the County of Dorset.

[10th June 1825.]

[iVetu Wharfage Duties, , fyc. c. Royal Family exempt from Toll* Exemptions under I GA *, made to cease. 22 G.2. c. 22. repealed.

1 G. 4*. c.xl. in part repealed.-\

Cap. cxvii.

32 G.2. c. 62. An Act for amending Three Acts for enlarging the Harbour of 10 G.3. c. 104. Glasgow, and improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to 49G.i3. c.lxxiy. the said City; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[10th June 1825.]

[Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempt from Duties.']

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for making Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works in and near to Saint Saviour's Dock, in the Parishes of Saint John, Southwark, and Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey, to be called The South London Docks.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for making and constructing certain Wet Docks, Warehouses and other Works, for the Accommodation and better Security of Ships and other Vessels in the Coal and other Trades, in the Isle of Dogs, in the Parish of All Saints Poplar, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th June 1825.]

[Proviso for the Rights of His Majesty and the Corporation of London, § cxxix.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Sea Shore at or near Whit stable, in the County of Kent, to or near to the City of Canterbury, in the said County.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road in the Parish of Saint George, in the Island of Portland, in the County oil Dorset.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for building Two Chapels in the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act to repeal Two Acts respectively of the Thirty second and Thirty sixth Years of His late Majesty King George the Third, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor of the Montgomery and Pool United District, and to provide new Powers and Regulations in lieu thereof.

[10th June 1825.] [32 G.3. c. 96 . 36 G.3. c. 38. repealed.]

6° GEO. IV.

C.cxxiv — cxxxi.

1135

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act for erecting an additional Bridge over the River Dee, in the City of Chester; for opening and making convenient Roads and Approaches thereto; and for taking down and rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Bridget within the said City; and for repairing the present Bridge over the River Dee.

[10th June 1825.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll. See 7 G. 1. Sess. 1. c. 10. 33 G. 2' c. 49. 47 G. 3. Sess* 2. c. lxxxii. and c.xxxix. ante.]

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for the rebuilding of Kingston Bridge, and for improving and making suitable Approaches thereto.

[10th June 1825.]

[Royal Family exempt from Toll.']

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act to amend Two Acts for building a Bridge over the River a*2 0.3. South Esky at or near the Town of Montrose, in the County of Forfar.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the City of York and the Suburbs thereof, and the Liberty of Saint Peter within the said City; and for regulating the Police of the same respectively.

[10th June 1825.]

[3 G.3. c. 48. repealed.]

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for lighting, cleansing, watching and regulating the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, regulating and otherwise improving the Town and Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

[10th June 1825.]

[See c. cxxxvii. post.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and Places in the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxford.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for regulating the Markets in the Town of Burslem in the County of Stafford, and for lighting, regulating the Police, and watching the said Town of Burslem, and the Vills of Longport, Cobridge, Sneyd Green and Parts adjacent, in the Parish of Burslem.

[10th June 1825.]

c.S8.

c.l.

1136

C. cxxxii — cxxxix.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 185.

3 G.4. c.lvii. Cap. cxxxii. An Act for better paving and otherwise improving the Borough of Derby.

[10th June 1825.] [32 G. 3. c. 78. repealed.'] Cap. cxxxiii. An Act for paving or flagging, lighting, cleansing, watching, regulating and improving the Town of Leamington Priors, in the County of Warwick.

[10th June 1825.] Cap. cxxxiv. An Act for paving, draining, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Streets and public Places which are or shall be made upon certain Grounds in the Parishes of Saint Margaret and Saint John the Evangelist, in the Ciof Westminster, commonly called Tothill Fields.

[10th June 1825.] [9G.2. c. 17. 2G.3. c. 21. 3G. 3. C. 23. 4G.3. c. 39. 5G.3. c. 50. 11G.3. c. 22. 14G.3. c. 90. 22G.3. cA4. 30G.3. c. 53. 57 G.3. c.xxix. all repealed; except as the same may have repealed any prior Act.] Cap. cxxxv. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to establish a Market for the Sale of Butchers Meat and other Articles, and to repair and amend certain Roads in the Town or Tything of Bognor, in the County of Sussex; and for making a Road along the Sea Coast, and for otherwise improving the said Town or Tything.

[10th June 1825.] Cap. cxxxvi. An Act to incorporate a Company for lighting with Gas the City of Rochester, and Towns of Chatham and Strood, in the County of Kent, and Parts adjacent thereto respectively.

[10th June 1825.] Cap. cxxxvii. An Act for establishing a Company for lighting with Gas the Town of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

[10th June 1825.] [See c.cxxix. ante.]

48 G. 3. c. lxxxvii. Cap. cxxxviii. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for lighting, watching and regulating the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Beverley, in the County of York.

[10th June 1825.] Cap. cxxxix. An Act for removing the Markets held within the Town of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; for providing a Market Place

in

1157

A.D. 1825. 5 GEO. IV. Ccxxxix — cxli.

in the said Town, and for regulating and maintaining the said Markets.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for regulating the Conversion of the Statute Labour within the Barony of Gorbals, in the City of Glasgow and County of Lanark.

[10th June 1825.]

£12 G. 3. c. 82. 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c.xlv. continued, except as hereby altered. Former Rates made to cease, and new ones granted. See

£. cxi. ante, arca? c.cxci.y>o#.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for establishing a Joint Stock Company for the Erection of Buildings and establishing Machinery, for the Purpose of promoting and encouraging Manufactures in Ireland.

[10th June 1825.]

[See as to Regulation of Linen and Hempen Manufactures in Ireland, Cap. 122. ante I]

WHEREAS it would be of great public Advantage and Utility, and it would be highly beneficial to that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Ireland, and more particularly to the labouring Classes thereof, that the Introduction of British Capital into Ireland should be encouraged, and that the same should be employed in erecting

and establishing Manufactories, and in otherwise affording the Means of Employment for Labour in Ireland: And Whereas 14 the several Persons hereinafter named have entered into a Subscript!on to raise a certain Sura as a Joint Stock or Fund for

the Purposes aforesaid f May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That [here follow the Names'] and their several and respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall, according to the Conditions and Restrictions hereinafter set forth, hold or be possessed of any Share or Interest of and in the said Joint Stock and Undertaking, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, so long as they shall respectively hold the same, shall have full Power and Authority, from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called Ireland, to erect, build, fit up and establish any Manufactories, Brewhouses, Distilleries, Mills, Warehouses, Workshops or other Buildings whatsoever, and of what Nature, Kind or Description soever, and afterwards to let, sell or dispose of the same, and to erect and establish any Smelting Houses, Founderies, Forges or Potteries, and other Works, Matters and Things, as they shall think fit to establish, purchase, take, hire, contract for, hold or possess under or by virtue or for the Purposes of this Act; and for the Purposes aforesaid to £rect and build any Work Houses, Drying Houses, Glass Houses,

§ Geo. IV. 4 D Brick

Empowered to erect Building, &c.

C.cxli.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

and Machinery, &c.

Their Stile. Proviso.

Company not wilfully to damage, nor to ester upon private Property.

Power to contract for Purchase of Lands, &c.

On Payment of Purchase Money, Premises vested in Directors of the said Comity-

Brick or Tile Kilos, and all or any other Erections and Buildings whatsoever, and to make, provide, furnish and erect any Machinery, Implements or Utensils, and any Steam or other Engines, and any Tools, Tackle and Conveniences necessary or proper for the fitting up or using of the same, and to dig and raise Earth and Clay for the making and burning of any Bricks, Tiles, Gutters and Ridges, or other Matters or Things, and to make, burn and convert Coal and Culm into Charcoal and Coke, and also to make and use Canals, Tunnels, Ways, Roads and Railways, and generally to make, do and perform all other necessary Acts, Matters and Things for promoting and carrying into Execution and Effect the several Ends, Intents and Purposes aforesaid, in such Way and Manner as they shall think proper, and shall for those Purposes be a Joint Stock Company by the Name and Description of " The Irish Company for promoting ManufacturesProvided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company to carry on or exercise any Trade in or upon any Manufactory or other Building to be erected, built or fitted up in pursuance of this Act, or other Place whatsoever; but nevertheless, the said Company shall not be prevented thereby from making or manufacturing any Materials, Machinery or other Matters or Things for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company in carrying on the Works necessary in the Execution of this Act shall do or cause to be done no wilful Damage, Trespass or Injury, and shall make full Recompence and Satisfaction for any Damage, Trespass and Injury to the Person or Persons damaged, trespassed upon or injured: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed, taken or construed to extend to authorize or permit them, the said Company, to enter into or to take or use the Estate or Property of any Person or Persons whomsoever without the Licence or Authority of the Owner or Occupier thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to contract for and purchase, either in Fee Simple or for any Life or Lives, or Term or Terms of Years, for the Purposes of this Act, any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments situate in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, and also to sell and dispose of all or any of the said Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as they may think proper, and purchase any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in Ireland for the Purposes aforesaid, (provided that the said Company do not at any one Time purchase more than Fifty Statute Acres in the vrhole,) without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so contracted or agreed to be paid for the Purchase of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by the said Company, to the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies or their Agents, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

c. cxii. 1139

in Law or in Equity of the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons respectively, to whom or to whose Use the same shall be paid, of, in, to or out of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall vest in the Directors of the said Company for the Time being and their respective Successors, for effecting the Uses and Purposes of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances and Assurances of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be made to the said Directors of the said Company, may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

£ J [or We, as the Case may he, '] of ', in Consideration of the Sum of

4 to me [or us] paid by the " Irish Company

for promoting Manufactures," established under or by virtue of

an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of King George the

Fourth, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act, '] do hereby

grant and release [or assign, as the Case may be] to the Directors of the said Company, all [here describe the Premises c to be conveyed,] and all my [or our] Term, Estate, Right, Title £ and Interest of, in and to the said Premises, to hold unto them ' the said Directors, and their Successors, to, for and upon the Uses, Intents and Purposes of the above mentioned Act. In

Witness whereof I [or we] have hereunto set my Hand and

£ Seal [or our Hands and Seals] this Day of

£ in the Year of our Lord

And every such Sale, Conveyance and Assurance so made shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as to and against the Person or Persons making the same, and his, her or their Cestuique Trust, and all other Persons claiming or to claim by, from, under or in Trust for him, her or them respectively, or in Remainder, Reversion or Expectancy as aforesaid, and the same shall be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife or Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, and the Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals to grant and convey, by way of absolute Sale in Fee Simple or otherwise, for a valuable Consideration in Money, all or an}^ Part or Parts of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which may have been purchased by or become vested in them under or by virtue of this Act; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by or from the Sale or Sales of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five of them, to sign and give a Receipt or Receipts for the Money for which

4 D 2 the

Form of Conveyance

valid.

Directors may resell Lands, &c.

and give Receipts

114-0

C. cxli.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Directors in ay grant Leases.

Joint Stock of Company.

Shares of 100/. Sums subscribed for deemed Personal Estate.

Four Fifth Parts, when to be raised.

Company not to borrow Money. Exception.

Directors, before they commence Works, to invest, and continue invested, Five per Cent, on the Amount of the Calls.

the same shall be so sold, which Receipt or Receipts shall be a sufficient Discharge or sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Money then and thereby expressed or acknowledged to be received, and such Person or Persons having bona fide paid the same shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it. shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the said Company for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, by any Deed or Writing under their Hands and Seals, to demise, lease or grant all or any Part or Parts of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which may be vested in them under or by virtue of this Act, unto any Person or Persons, for such Term or Number of Years or Lives, and with and under such Reservations, Conditions and Restrictions, as to them the Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Sum subscribed for, or such Part or Parts of the Money so subscribed for as shall be necessary and required, not exceeding the Sum of Two Million Pounds Sterling, shall, when paid in, be considered as a Capital or Joint Stock, and the same is hereby vested in the several Proprietors of the said Company, and their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, holding for the Time being Shares in the said Stock, in proportion to the Sum he, she or they, and each of them shall have so severally subscribed thereunto; and that such Sum of Two Million Pounds Sterling shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Shares in the said Undertaking and in the Profits and Advantages thereof shall be and be deemed Personal Estate, and as such Personal Estate shall be transmissible accordingly; and that the several Subscribers to the said Undertaking respectively, and their several and respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall not be liable to any Debts or Demands of the said Companjr beyond the Amount of their several and respective Subscriptions, or the Shares they may respectively hold or possess in the said Undertaking.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not be authorized to exercise any of the Powers granted under this Act until such Time as Four fifth Parts of the said Capital shall have been subscribed for.

XL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall not borrow or take up by way of Loan any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, other than by a Subscription of Shares in Manner or to the Extent hereinbefore stated.

XII. And be it further enacted, That before the said Directors of the said Company shall commence any of the Works or Undertakings hereby authorized, they the said Directors shall invest in some of the Parliamentary Funds of Great Britain or Ireland, in the Names of Three or more of the said Directors, a Sum or Sums amounting to Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds which shall have been received upon the Calls from time to time to be made upon the said Subscribers respectively; and that the

6 GEO. IV.

C'.cxli.

1141

A.D. 1825.

Persons neglecting to comply with Calls liable to

Secretary.

said Sum or Sums to be invested shall not be sold out or transferred until the Fund to answer Contingencies, herein directed to be created, shall amount to the lull Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds: Provided always, that the said Directors shall be em- Proviso, powered to apply any Part of the Sum or Sums so to be invested in or towards Payment of any Debt or Debts which may be incurred by the said Company: Provided also, that the said Directors shall and they are hereby required, so often as the said Sum or Sums so to be invested shall be diminished for or on account of any such Debt or Debts, forthwith to invest a Sum equal to the Amount which shall or may be taken therefrom, so as to keep up the clear Amount herein directed to be invested at the least, to answer any Debt or Debts which may be so incurred as aforesaid, until such Fund to answer Contingencies shall amount to the said full Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed for or towards the said Undertaking, or who shall at any Time hereafter have or hold any Share or Shares in the same, shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay the be suecj fortbe Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed for, and same in the to be subscribed for, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as Name of the shall from time to time be called for pursuant to or by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places as shall be ordered and directed by the Directors of the said Company; and in case of Default of or in any such Payment, it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company in the Name of their Secretary, or any one of the Directors for the Time being, to sue for and recover the same by Action of Debt or otherwise in any or either of His Majesty's Courts of Record, together with lawful Interest for the same from such appointed Time of Payment, and all Costs of Suit, from such Person or Persons, or in Cases where Two or more Persons shall have jointly subscribed for or be jointly possessed of any One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then from all, any or either of such Joint Subscribers.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Company for the Time being shall have full Power to make such Call or Calls for Money from the said Subscribers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, as the said Directors shall from time to time find necessary for the Purposes of carrying on the Works authorized by this Act, so that no such Call do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum for or in respect of any One Share, and so that no Call or Calls be made but at the Distance of Three Calendar Months at the least from each other; and the Sum or Sums of Money so to be called for shall be paid at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the Directors of the said Company shall appoint or direct; the same to be placed at the Disposal of the said Directors; and all Notice of Calls Notice and Notices of any such Call or Calls shall be given by to be adver-Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Two or more of tised* the Newspapers published in the Cities of London or Westminster, and also in Two of the Newspapers published in the City or Liberties of Dublin; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her or their Proportion of the Money to be

4 D 3 called

Calls to be made on Subscribers.

1142

C. cxli.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Sharesforfeited, bow applied.

Forfeiture of Shares, when and how declared.

Executors, &c. indemnified in paying Calls.

Names of Proprietors to be entered, and

called for during the Space of Thirty Days next after the Time appointed for Payment thereof, and due Notice of such Call shall have been given as herein mentioned, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay such Call or Calls shall absolutely forfeit all his, her or their Share, Part and Interest in the said Undertaking and Capital Stock, and all Profit and Advantage thereof; and all Shares that shall or may be so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the Rest of the Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking; and all and every Share and Shares so forfeited as aforesaid shall and may be sold by the said Directors for the highest and best Price that can be reasonably gotten for the same, every such Sale being advertised for Three Weeks successively in some Two or more of the Newspapers published in London and Dublin, and the said Company or the Directors rendering an Account of every such Sale or Sales to such Person and Persons when demanded, and paying to every such Person or Body Corporate or Politic any Overplus of such Price or Prices, after deducting all Costs and Charges, and such further proportionate Sum or Sums of Money which may remain due upon such Share or Shares by such Person or Persons to the said Company: Provided always, that such Forfeiture of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking as aforesaid shall be declared at some Meeting of the Directors of the said Company, not earlier than Two Calendar Months next after the said Forfeiture shall happen; and that any such Forfeiture, when so declared a Forfeiture by the said Directors, shall bean absolute Indemnification and Discharge to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, so forfeiting, against all Actions, Suits and Prosecutions for any Breach of Contract or Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, and the said Company, with regard to the future carrying on and Management of the said Undertaking.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall die before Payment shall have been made by him, her or them of the full Sum to be called for in respect thereof as aforesaid, without having made any sufficient Provision by Will or otherwise how such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and for the Payment or Payments then due or to become due on account of any Call or Calls made or to be made in respect of such Share or Shares, that then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of such Proprietor or Proprietors, and the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or other Person entitled to the Estate and Effects of such Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against such Infant and all other Persons whomsoever for paying any Money which shall be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of such deceased' Proprietor or Proprietors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Company shall and they are hereby required to cause the Names and Designations of the several Persons who have subscribed

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C.cxli.

scribed for or may at any Time hereafter be entitled to a Share or Shares in the said Company, with the Numbers of such Share or Shares, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be clearly and distinctly entered into Books to be kept by their Secretary in London; and after such Entry a Certificate under the Hand of the Secretary for the Time being of the said Company, or of such other Officer as the said Directors shall for that Purpose appoint, shall be delivered to every Proprietor upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Company; but the Want of such Certificate shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from selling or disposing thereof.

XVII. And in order where the original Holder or Proprietor of One or more Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company shall marry, die, become insolvent or Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his or her Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfers thereof in the Books of the said Company, it may not be in the Power of the Directors to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors arid Assigns, Notice or Notices of Calls to be made on such Share or Shares, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her or them, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, for the Recovery of the same, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her or them the Interest and Dividends to which he, she or they may be entitled by virtue thereof* Be it therefore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons, who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits arising from the said Undertaking in Right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit, containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Secretary to the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the same, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by him for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons, who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a Course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or the Probate thereof, shall be produced and shewn to the said Secretary, or an Affidavit, containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Testator, or of the Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be made and sworn to by any Executor or Executors of such Will, or by any Administrator or Administrators of the Estate and Effects (as the Case may happen to be) , before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and such Affidavit, when so made, shall also be transmitted to the said Secretary, who shall file and enter the same in the Manner herein mentioned; and 4< D ! that

1143

Certificates of their Shares delivered to them.

Proprietorship of Shares in certain Cases, how ascertained.

Entry thereof.

1144

C'.cxli.

6° GEO. IV.

AJX.182&

Transfer of Shares,

How Shares forfeited and disposed of.

Shares may be transferred by endorsing Name on Certificate, and delivering same to the Person to whom the same intended to be transferred.

Notice of Transfer.

that in all Cases other than as hereinbefore mentioned, when the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shares in the said Company shall pass from the original Subscriber or Subscribers, or any Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, to any other Person or Persons, by any other legal Means than a Transfer thereof in the Form and Manner herein specified, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before a Master or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, stating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have passed to such other Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns; and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Secretary of the said Company, to the Intent that the Name or Names of every such other Proprietor or Proprietors may be entered and registered in the Register Book or List of Subscribers and Proprietors of the said Company; and that in all or any of the said Cases it shall be lawful for the said Directors, after Thirty Days Notice shall have been given under the Hand of the Secretary to the said Company to the Person or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be the Owner or Owners thereof, and that such Person or Persons, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, shall not have paid his, her or their Portion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of an}' Call or Calls, and after Notice thereof shall have been given in the Manner herein directed, to declare at any Meeting of the said Directors the same Share or Shares to be forfeited, and that in such Cases the same shall be and become forfeited, and be sold and disposed of in such Manner as is herein directed respecting the Sale of Shares forfeited, and the Disposition of the Money to arise therefrom.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Owners and Proprietors of any Shares of the Joint Stock of the said Company, their respective Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to sell and transfer the Share or Shares of which they shall be respectively possessed; and every such Transfer of any such Share or Shares of which they shall be respectively possessed shall and may be made by the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively endorsing his, her or their Names or respective Names on the Back of the Certificate of such Share or Shares, and by delivering the same to such Person or Persons to whom the same are or shall be intended to be transferred, or his or their Agent or Agents: Provided always, that a Notice in Writing of such Transfer, specifying the Name, Place of Residence, and Description of the new Proprietor or Proprietors, and signed as well by the Person or Persons transferring the same as by the Person or Persons to whom the same are intended to be transferred, signifying such Transfer, shall forthwith be delivered to or left at the principal Office of the said Company, together with the said Certificate, for the Purpose of registering such Transfer; and such Notice so signed as aforesaid shall be and be deemed obligatory on any such new Proprietor or new Proprietors, and he, she and they shall be bound by all and singular the several Rules, Orders and Restrictions as any original Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Share or Shares would have been bound by in case he, she

or

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C.cxli.

1145

or they had been and remained a Proprietor or Proprietors of and in the said Company, for any such Share or Shares, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if no such Sale or Transfer had been made: Provided always, that upon every such Transfer taking place, there shall be delivered by the said Secretary or other Officer appointed for that Purpose to such new Proprietor either a new Certificate, or the old Certificate with a Certificate of Registry endorsed, at the Option and Discretion of the said Directors; and provided always, that no such Purchaser or Purchasers of any Share or Shares, his Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, shall be entitled to vote at any Meetings as Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Company, in respect of such Share or Shares, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Registry of any such Transfer as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after any Call for Money shall have been made and become due and payable by virtue of this Act, no Person or Persons shall sell or transfer any Share or Shares of the Stock of the said Company which he, she or they shall possess in the said Company, after the Day appointed for Payment of the said Call, until the Money so called for in respect of his, her or their Share or Shares intended to be sold shall be paid; and until such Money so called for shall be paid, any such Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares shall be void; and all and every Person or Persons making Default therein shall be subject and liable to forfeit such his, her or their Share or Shares in the said Company to and for the general Benefit of the said Company, unless he, she or they shall, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, pay to the Directors for the Time being of the said Company the full Sum of Money called for upon every Share so to be sold or transferred; such Forfeiture, nevertheless, to be first notified and declared in Manner directed by this Act with respect to the Forfeiture of Shares for not answering Calls to be made thereon as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act all Actions and Suits to be commenced, instituted or carried on by or on Behalf of the said Company, whether in Great Britain or Ireland, against any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall and lawfully may be commenced, instituted and prosecuted, or carried on in the Name of the Person who shall be the Secretary of the said Company, or in the Name of any One Director of the said Company for the Time being, as the nominal Plaintiff for and on Behalf of the said Company; and that all Actions or Suits to be commenced or instituted against the said Company, whether in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be commenced, instituted and prosecuted against the said Secretary or any One Director of the said Company, as the nominal Defendant for and on Behalf of the said Company; and that all Prosecutions to be brought, instituted or carried on by or on Behalf of the said Company, for Fraud upon or against the said Company, or for Embezzlement, Robbery or stealing the Property of the said Company, or for any other Offence against the said Company, whether in Great Britain or Ireland, shall and lawfully may be so brought or instituted and carried on in the

Name

Proviso in case of such Transfer.

New Purchaser not entitled to vote until Three Months after Registry of Transfer.

Stock not to be sold after a Call is made and due, till Mopey paid, &c.

Company to sue and be sued in the Name of Secretary.

1146

C. cxli.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Appointment of Presidents and Vice Presidents.

Election of future Presidents and Vice Presi-sidents.

Directors.

Auditors.

Secretary.

Qualification of Directors and Auditors.

Name of such Secretary or Director for the Time being of the the said Company; and in all Indictments and Informations it shall be lawful to state the Property of the said Company to be the Property of such Secretary or Director for the Time being of the said Company, and any Offence committed with intent to injure or defraud the said Company shall and lawfully may in such Prosecutions be laid to have been committed with intent to injure or defraud such Secretary or Director for the Time being oi the said Company, and any Offender or Offenders may thereupon be lawfully convicted of any such Offence; and in all other Allegations or Indictments, Informations or other Proceedings, in which before the passing of this Act it would have been necessary to state the Names of the Persons composing the said Company, it shall and may be lawful and sufficient from and after the passing of this Act to state the Name of such Secretary or Director; and the Death, Resignation or Removal, or other Act of such Secretary or Director, shall not abate any such Action, Suit or Prosecution.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to elect and choose any Person or Persons they may think fit to be the President or Presidents and Vice Presidents of the said Company; and that the said President or Presidents and Vice Presidents, when so elected respectively, shall continue in and hold their said Offices respectively until they shall respectively die or resign their said Offices respectively.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any President or Vice President of the said Company shall die or resign their said Office, an Election shall take place at the First General Meeting of the said Company which shall happen next after any such President or Vice President shall so die or resign, of another Person or other Persons as such President or Vice President respectively, in the Room of any such President or Vice President so dying or resigning, unless such Death or Resignation shall happen within Ten Days immediately preceding a General Meeting, and then at the next succeeding General Meeting.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That there shall be Twenty of the said Proprietors, qualified in the Manner and to be nominated and appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, who shall be and be called the Directors of the said Company; and there shall be Three other of the said Proprietors, qualified and to be nominated and appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, who shall be the Auditors and Examiners of the Accounts of the said Company; and there shall be One other Person, to be nominated and appointed as hereinafter is mentioned, who shall be the Secretary of the said Company.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Owner or Proprietor of Shares in the said Company shall be qualified to be elected and to sit and act as a Director of the said Company if he shall at the Day of Election bona Jicle hold and possess and shall continue so to hold and be possessed of Ten Shares at the least of the Joint Stock of the said Company; and any Owner or Proprietor of Shares shall in like Manner be qualified to act as Auditor and Examiner of Accounts of the said Company if he

' shall

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. cxli.

1147

shall at the Day of Election hold and possess and shall continue to hold and possess Five Shares at the least: Provided always, that after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, no such Owner or Proprietor of Shares shall be qualified to sit and act as a Director or Auditor and Examiner of Accounts of the said Company unless he shall bona fide have held and possessed the said Number of Shares respectively for the full Space of Three Calendar Months next before such Day or Days of Elections, or unless such Shares shall have vested in him by Marriage, or under any Bequest, or by Intestacy.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Bainbridge Esquire, Thomas Barnexuall Esquire, Francis Beaufort Esquire, Robert Bell Esquire, Joseph Hoare Bradshavo Esquire, Rupert Ingleby Esquire, Samuel Eustace Magan Esquire, Isaac Nicholson Junior, Esquire, William Henry Porter Esquire, Joseph Ranking Esquire, Thomas Spring Rice Esquire, Sir Stephen Shairp, Edvoard Stewart Junior, Esquire, John Thomas Thorp Esquire, Richard Wellesley Esquire, William Williams Esquire, Lestock P Wilson Esquire, Sir William Young Baronet, William Elliott Esquire, and Samuel Neville Ward Esquire, shall be the first and present Directors for managing the Affairs of the said Company; and that William Steivari Esquire, John Bockett Esquire, and James Fontayne Esquire, shall be the First and present Auditors and Examiners of Accounts of the said Company; and that they the said Directors and Auditors and Examiners of Accounts respectively shall continue and hold their said several and respective Offices until the respective Times herein mentioned, unless they or any of them respective!)7 shall die, resign or cease to be qualified as herein is mentioned; and at the First Meeting of the said Directors to be holden in pursuance of this Act, One of such Directors shall be appointed Chairman, and another Deputy Chairman of the said Directors, by a Majority of them then present; which said Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall respectively continue in Office until the General Meeting to be holden on the First Tuesday in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, or within Thirty Days thereafter; and after such General Meeting another Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall be elected and chosen annually at the First Meeting of the Directors to be holden next after each such Annual General Meeting, by the Majority of the Directors then and there present; and in case of the Death, Resignation or Disqualification of such Chairman or Deputy Chairman for the Time being, it shall be lawful for the said Directors, at a Special Meeting of the Directors to be called for that Purpose from time to time to appoint another Chairman or Deputy Chairman from and out of such Directors, in the Place and Stead of every Chairman or Deputy Chairman who shall so die, resign or cease to be qualified as aforesaid; and every such newly appointed Chairman and Deputy Chairman shall continue in Office for such Time or Period only as the Chairman or Deputy Chairman in whose Place or Stead he shall be so appointed would have continued in case he had not died, resigned or ceased to be qualified as aforesaid.

Proviso.

Names of first Directors and Auditors.

Appointment of Chairman and Deputy Chairman.

C. cxli.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Directors, how long to continue in Office.

Auditors, &c. how long to continue in Office.

Election of Directors.

Election of Auditors.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall continue in and hold the Office and Offices of Directors respectively until the several Days and in the Manner herein mentioned; that is to say, that at the said General Meeting to be held on the First Tuesday in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, or within Thirty Days thereafter, Five of the Directors shall go out of the said Office of Director, the same to be determined by Lot amongst the said Directors respectively; and at the General Meeting to be held on the First Tuesday in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or within Thirty Days thereafter, Five other of the said Directors, to be determined by Lot amongst the said first named Directors then remaining in Office respectively, shall go out of the said Office of Director; and at the General Meeting to be held on the First Tuesday in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, or within Thirty Days thereafter, Five other of the said Directors, to be determined by Lot amongst the said first named Directors then remaining in Office respectively, shall go out of the said Office of Director; and at the General Meeting which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty two, the remaining Five of the said first named Directors shall go out of the Office of Director; and that at the General Meeting to be holden in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, or within Thirty Days thereafter, One of the said Auditors and Examiners of the Accounts of the said Company, to be determined by Lot between them, shall go out of the said Office of Auditor and Examiner of Accounts; and at the General Meeting to be held in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty, or within Thirty Days thereafter, One other of the said Auditors and Examiners of the Accounts of the said Company, to be determined by Lot between them, shall go out of the said Office of Auditor and Examiner of Accounts; and at the General Meeting to be held in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and thirty one, the remaining Auditor and Examiner of the said Accounts of the said Company shall go out of the said Office.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That at the General Meeting which shall be holden on the First Tuesday in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, or within Thirty Days thereafter, and at the like General Meeting in every succeeding Year, there shall be an Election of Five Proprietors, qualified respectively in the Manner herein mentioned, who thenceforth shall be Five of the Directors of the Affairs of the said Company for Four Years next ensuing such their Election, unless they or any of them shall die, resign or cease to be qualified as herein mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That at the General Meeting of the said Company to be holden on the First Tuesday in the Month of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and twenty nine, or within Thirty Days the reafter, and at the like General Meeting in every succeeding Year, there shall be an Election of One Proprietor, qualified as aforesaid, to be

One

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. cxli.

1149

One of the Auditors and Examiners of Accounts of the said Company for Three Years next ensuing such his Election, unless he shall die, resign or cease to be qualified as herein is mentioned.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be taken or be construed to prevent any Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Director or Auditor and Examiner of Accounts, who shall go out of Office on the Days aforesaid, or on any Annual Day of Election thereafter, if qualified as aforesaid, from being eligible to be immediately re-elected to the said Offices or either of them.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That so often as it shall happen that any Director or Auditor and Examiner of Accounts of the said Company shall die, resign or become disqualified to continue in or hold the said Offices respectively, or any of them, a Special General Meeting of the said Proprietors shall be convened by the Directors of the said Company for the Time being, according to the Provisions of this Act, for the Purpose of electing some One or more Proprietor or Proprietors, qualified as aforesaid, to fill such Vacancy or Vacancies, and exercise the said Office or Offices, or either of them respectively, for such Time and Times, and with the like Powers and Authorities, as the Person or Persons so dying, having resigned or become disqualified, would have done respectively if no such Vacancy as aforesaid had occurred.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Directors for the Time being of the said Company shall have full Power and Authority to meet and adjourn from Time to Time, and from Place to Place, as they shall think fit, and also to direct, manage and transact the Affairs and Business of the said Company, as well in issuing, laying out and disposing of all Sum and Sums of Money to be issued, laid out or disposed of for the Purposes of the same, as in erecting, building, fitting up and establishing Manufactories, Brewhouses, Distilleries, Mills, Warehouses, Workshops or other Buildings, and in afterwards letting, .selling or disposing of the same; in erecting and establishing any Smelting Houses, Foundries, Forges or Potteries; in purchasing, hiring or contracting for any Messuages, Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments; in erecting and building any Work Houses, Drying Houses, Glass Houses, and all and any other Erections and Buildings whatsoever; and in providing, furnishing and erecting any Machinery, Implements or Utensils, and any Steam or other Engines, and any Tools, Tackle and Conveniencies necessary or proper for the fitting up or using the same; in digging and raising any Earth and Clay for the making and burning of any Bricks, Tiles, Gutters and Ridges, or other Matters and Things; in making, burning and converting Coal and Culm into Charcoal and Coke; and also in making and using all Canals, Tunnels, Ways, Roads and Railways, and in executing and carrying into Effect the several Objects and Purposes aforesaid, and in otherwise ordering, directing and employing the Works and Workmen, and selling and disposing of any Goods, Matters, Products and Things to be made, obtained, arise or proceed thereby, therefrom or thereout, and in making, enforcing and carrying into Effect all Contracts and Bargains touching or any wise concerning the same; subject to such Or-

Officers maybe re-elected.

In case of Death, or Resignation, or Want of Qualification of Directors or Auditors.

Powers of Directors.

Directors to appoint Servants, &c .;

and balance and settle Accounts every Year.

Examined and approved by Directors.

Power to depute Persons to prove Debts under Commission of Bankruptcy.

a cxlu 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

ders, Bye Laws, Rules and Regulations as shall'at any Time be duly made by the said Company in Restraint, Controul or Regulation of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from time to time to nominate and appoint One or more Banker or Bankers, and also a Secretary, and One or more Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, of all and singular Sum and Sums of Money payable or to become due and payable under or by virtue of this Act, and also such Engineer or Engineers, Surveyor or Surveyors, and other Officers, Clerks, Agents and Servants, (except as aforesaid,) as the said Directors shall think proper and expedient for the Purposes of this Act, and also from time to time to alter and change the said Banker or Bankers, and to discharge and dismiss or suspend any such Secretary, Receivers, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors or other Officers, Clerks, Agents or Servants, and appoint others in their Stead, as there shall be Occasion; and that every such Secretary, Receiver, Collector, Engineer, Surveyor or other Officer, Clerk, Agent or Servant, who shall at any Time quit or be dismissed from the Service of the said Company, and the respective Executors or Administrators of those who may happen to die, shall immediately thereupon produce and deliver up to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct, all Books, Accounts, Writings and Papers whatsoever which shall be in the Custody or Power of such Secretary, Receivers, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors or other Officers, Clerks, Agents, Servants, Executors or Administrators respectively, in any wise relating to the said Company; and the said Directors shall have Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to cause to be balanced the Books of the said Company on the Thirty first Day of December in every Year, the first Balance to be made on the Thirty first Day of December next after the passing of this Act, or at any such other Period of each Year as any General Annual Meeting may from time to time appoint; and the same being so balanced shall be examined and signed by the said Auditors and Examiners, or Two or more of them, and approved by the said Directors; and an Abstract of the said Balance, shewing the State of Debts and Credits of the said Company, shall be signed by such Auditors and Examiners, or Two or more of them, and shall be produced at the General Meeting of the said Company to be held upon the First Tuesday in the Month of May in every Year, or within Thirty Days thereafter, so that any of the Proprietors attending the said Meeting may have an Opportunity of inspecting the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals, to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to prove any Debt or Debts due or owing to the said Company, under any Commission of Bankruptcy, or under any Assignment to take place under the existing Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, or under any future Act relative to Insolvent Debtors, which may be issued against or made by any Debtor or Debtors

to

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. cxli.

1151

to the said Company, and to vote in the Choice of Assignees, and also to sign the Certificate of any such Bankrupt, and to do any other Act, Matter or Thing in relation thereto; and also, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to revoke such Nomination and Appointment, and from time to time to make any other Nomination and Appointment, as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Company shall meet together at the Office of the said Company One Day in every Week at the least, and at such other Times as they the said Directors shall think proper; and any Two or more of the said Directors may at any Time call a Meeting of the said Directors, by Notice in Writing to be sent to each of them the said Directors respectively, when they shall think fit; but no Business shall be transacted at any Meeting of the said Directors, unless Five Directors at the least shall be present when such Business shall be decided upon; and that the Chair shall be taken at every Meeting of the said Directors by the Chairman or Deputy Chairman, or in their Absence, by One of the said Directors, to be chosen out of the said Directors present; and that all Questions, Matters and Things which shall be proposed, discussed or considered by them the said Directors, shall be decided and determined by the Majority in Number then present; and in case of an equal Division, the said Chairman, or in his Absence the Deputy Chairman, or in his Absence the Director for the Time being in the Chair, shall have the casting Vote besides his own personal Vote; and that if on the Day appointed for any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Directors shall not attend, that then and in every such Case the said Meeting shall be adjourned to the next Day by the Director or Directors then present, or if none be present, by the Secretary to the said Company, as the Case may be, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place; and the Proceedings of every Meeting of the said Directors shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Secretary for that Purpose, and signed by the Chairman, Deputy Chairman or Director who shall be in the Chair; and that no Director shall absent himself from the Business of the said Company for more than Three Months at any one Time, without Leave from the Court of Directors; and if any Director shall so absent himself without such Leave, it shall be competent for the remaining Directors, at a Special Meeting to be called for that Purpose, and by an Order or Resolution to be entered in their Book of Proceedings, to declare the Seat of each such Director so absenting himself to have become vacant, and a new Director shall be forthwith appointed in his Stead, in the like Way and Manner as if he had actually and formally resigned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and may at any Time or Times, and for such Purpose or Purposes as they may think proper, have Power to call a Special General Meeting, or Special General Meetings, of which Notice shall be given by Advertisement in Three or more of the daily public Newspapers current in London, and in Two or more of the

Regulating Proceedings of Directors.

Powers of Directors as to calling Special General Meetings.

General Meeting to be held in every Year.

Adjournment of Meetings.

How Questions decided.

C. cxli. 6° GEO. IV. A.p. 1825.

daily public Newspapers, current in Dublin, Twenty one Days at the least.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That there shall be held in each Year a General Meeting of the said Company, in the City of-London or the City of Westminster, on the First Tuesday in the Month of May, or within Thirty Days thereafter; of which Meeting Twenty one Days' Notice at least shall be given by Advertisement in Three or more of the daily public Newspapers printed and circulated in London, and in Two or more of the daily public Newspapers printed and circulated m Dublin; and the First General Meeting to be held by virtue of this, Act shall be holden in the City of London or City of Westminster within Twelve Months next after the passing of this Act; and at every of the General Meetings, and at every Special General Meeting to be held in pursuance of and to be called in Manner prescribed by this Act, the Chairman or Deputy Chairman of the Directors for the, Time being, or in the Absence of both of them, any One of the Directors of the said Company to be chosen at such Meeting or Meetings respectively, or in the Absence of all the said Directors, any One Proprietor to be chosen at such Meeting or Meetings respectively, shall be the Chairman of such Meeting or Meetings respectively; and that all such Meetings may be adjourned from time to time, and from Place to Place, as shall be found expedient; and the Subscribers and Proprietors or any Twenty one or more of them, present at such General Meeting, or at any other Special Meeting to be called for that Purpose, of which Twenty one Daj^s Notice shall be given, specifying the Purpose for which such Special General Meeting is called, or at any Adjournment thereof, shall have Power as herein is mentioned to elect Persons to be Presidents, Vice Presidents; Directors and Auditors and Examiners of Accounts of the said Company, to serve in the Place of such Person or Persons whose respective Office or Offices shall have become vacant by Death, Resignation, a want of Qualification or otherwise; and all Questions shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present and Proxies, according to their respective Shares, in Manner following, (that is to say,) One Vote for Four Shares, Two Votes for Ten Shares, Three Votes for Twenty Shares, and Four Votes for Fifty Shares respectively, except that no Person shall vote in respect of more than Fifty Shares; nor shall and Person be entitled to vote at any General or Special General Meeting of the said Company which shall happen at any Time or Times after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, or any Adjournment thereof, in respect of any Share or Shares which he or she may possess in the said Company, unless such Person or Persons respectively shall have actually and bona fide held and possessed such Share or Shares for the full Space of Three Calendar Months next before such General Meeting or Special General Meetings as aforesaid, except such Person or Persons shall have become possessed thereof by Right of Marriage, or by Bequest, or Intestacy, and shall have fully paid and satisfied all Arrears of Money which shall or may have become due or payable in pursuance of any Call or Calls made or to be made by the said Directors for or in respect of any

A.D. 1825 *

6° GEO. IV. C. cxli;

1153

such Share or Shares; nor shall ^ny Person vote at any of the Meetings of the said Company upon any Question or Questions relating to the Concerns of the said Undertaking, in which such Person or Persons shall be individually interested other than as any other Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, to or of the said Company; and that upon any Difference of Opinion, any Ten Proprietors present may require the Votes at any General or Special Meeting of the Company to be taken by Ballot; and that the Chairman of such Meeting shall be entitled to vote, and in case the Number of Votes, including the Chairman's Vote, shall be equal, he shall also have a casting Vote.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Business shall be transacted at any Special General Meeting besides the Business for which it shall have been called, and no other Business shall be transacted at any adjourned Special or General Meeting than the Business left unfinished at the Meeting from which such Adjournment took place; and if at any Special or General Meeting a sufficient Number of Proprietors to act or to adjourn (Three Proprietors only being declared sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment) shall not assemble and proceed to Business in One Hour from the Time appointed for such Meeting, or if that Number be not present when the whole or any part of the Business to be transacted shall be decided upon, the Meeting shall adjourn till some Day in the following Week, or to some other Day to be appointed by the Directors, of which Adjournment Notice shall be given to the Proprietors of the said Company; Provided always, that the several Notices to be given to the Proprietors of the said Company, of any Adjournment or Adjournments of a General or Special General Meeting respectively, shall be given in the Manner directed by this Act for Notice of any Special General Meeting of the said Company.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Directors of the said Company shall and they are hereby expressly required to present to the Proprietors of the said Company, at the General Meeting to be held in the Month of May, or within Thirty Days thereafter, in every Year, a Statement in Writing of the Debts, Credits and Effects of the said Company.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Orders and Proceedings of all and every such General and Special General Meeting, shall be entered by the Secretary of the said Company, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered, and signed by the Chairman, or Deputy Chairman, or in their Absence by such Director or Proprietor of the said Company who shall be in the Chair at each respective Meeting, shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders and Proceedings, and shall be allowed to be read in all Courts and Places whatsoever, and by and before all Judges, Justices and others.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every Contract and Contracts made or entered into with the said Company by or on Behalf of any Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Director or Auditor and Examiner of Accounts of the said Company, in which any such Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Director 6 Geo. IV. 4 E or

Business at General Meetings.

Proviso.

When Directors to present to General Meeting an Account of Debts, &c.

Proceedings to be entered.

Contracts made with Company by or on Behalf of Chairman, Deputy Chairman or Di-

C. gxIi.

6° GEO. IV.

A.D; 1825

rectors, or Auditors, void.

Penalty.

Power for Twenty one Proprietors to call Special General Meetings in certain Cases.

or Auditor shall be either directly or indirectly interested or concerned for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Goods or Chattels, or for doing or causing to be done any Work for or on Behalf of the said Company, or for supplying any of the Articles, Materials or Things to or for the Use of the said Company, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Director and Auditor, and Examiner of Accounts, who shall enter into any such Contract or Contracts as aforesaid, shall ipso facto cease to be such Chairman, Deputy Chairman, Director or Auditor and Examiner, as the Case may be, and a new Election of some other Proprietor duly qualified shall take place in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned; and every such Person shall also for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be sued for and recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit respectively no Protection, Essoign or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time any Twenty one or more of the Subscribers or Proprietors of the said Company, who shall be together Holders of One hundred Shares at the least, shall deem it necessary or expedient to call a Special General Meeting of the Subscribers or the Proprietors at large, for the Purpose of taking their Opinion and Determination of any Matter or Thing relating to the said Company, and shall sign a Requisition in Writing to the said Directors for that Purpose, which shall specify the Object of such Meeting, and shall deliver or cause the same to be delivered to the Secretary of the said Company, it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors, and they are hereby required to call a Special Meeting of the Subscribers and Proprietors at large; and in case the said Dio rectors shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Ten Days to comply with such Requisition, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Subscribers or Proprietors who shall have signed the same to call a Special General Meeting of the Subscribers and Proprietors at large, by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Two or more of the Newspapers published in the City of London or in the City of Westminster, specifying the Place within the Cities of London or Westminster where, and the Time when such Meeting is to be held, the Time being not less than Twenty one Days after such Notice, the Reason for and Intention of calling such Special Meeting; and the said Subscribers and Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and take into Consideration the Matter or Matters to be submitted to them by the Persons calling such Special Meeting as specified in such Notice; and the Decision, Determination and Order of the Subscribers and Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the Majority of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a Right to give, respecting such Matter or Matters, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825. C.cxli. 1155

been made at any General Meeting of the said Company as aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That every Female who shall be the Proprietor of Four or more Shares in the said Company shall be entitled to vote in respect of such Shares at any General Meeting of the said Company, wheresoever she shall be resident, and any Proprietor who shall be actually resident at a greater Distance than Twenty Miles from the Place where any such General Meeting is appointed to be held, shall have full Power and Authority to give his or her Vote or Votes at such General Meetings as aforesaid either in Person or by Proxy, every such Proxy being a Member of the said Company entitled to vote; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made in the Form following; (that is to say,)

J of one of the Proprietors of and in the Irish Company for promoting Manufactures," do hereby nominate, constitute and appoint of to be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Absence to vote or give my Assent to or Dissent from any Business, Matter or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, that shall be mentioned or proposed at any General Meeting of the said Company, in such Manner as he the said shall think proper, according

4 to his Opinion and Judgment for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing relating thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand the Day of

e

Provided also, that no such Proxy so to be delivered in as aforesaid shall bear Date at a longer Period than Three Calendar Months next before such General Meeting as last aforesaid.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered and required, at or previous to each and every General Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act for the Purpose of considering of, or for making or declaring a Dividend or Dividends of the clear Profits of the said Undertaking, to deduct and set apart One tenth Part of the said clear Profits and Produce; and the said Directors shall forthwith lay out and vest in the Name of the said Company, or in the Names of Three or more of the said Directors, such One tenth Part of the said clear Profits and Produce from time to time, as and when the same shall be so deducted and set apart as aforesaid, in such of the public Parliamentary Funds or Stocks of Great Britain or Ireland as the said Directors shall in their Discretion deem expedient, until the Monies so set apart and funded as aforesaid shall amount to the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds; and also from time to time, and at all Times thereafter, so often as the same Fund or Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds shall be reduced by the Payment of or for any extraordinary Contingencies, to deduct and set apart, at any future subsequent General Meeting or Meetings, the like One tenth Part of the said clear Profits and Produce, until the same Fund shall be restored and again amount to the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, and so on from time to time

Proprietors of Shares empowered to vote by Proxy.

Form.

A Fund to answer Contingencies from Profits.

1156

C. exit.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Proviso.

Yearly Meeting to declare Dividends.

Proviso.

General Meetings may make Bye Laws.

hereafter, and so often as the same shall be reduced in Manner aforesaid; and that the Dividends and Interest to become and be due and payable in respect of the said Funds or Stock so set apart and funded as aforesaid, and each and every of them respectively, shall fall into and become a Part of the Profits and Produce of the said Undertaking periodically to become and be divisible as herein is mentioned: Provided always, that the said Directors for the Time being of the said Company shall have, full Power and Authority from time to time, when and so often as they shall deem expedient, to vary and transpose the Funds or Stock, or any of them, or any Part thereof, in which the said Monies or Fund shall from time to time be invested, and also shall and may sell and dispose of all or any Part or Parts of the said Funds or Stock, and convert the same into Money for the Purpose of answering every or any such extraordinary Contingency or Contingencies as aforesaid, as and when the same or any Part thereof shall by the said Directors be deemed necessary; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That at every General Meeting or some Adjournment thereof, a Dividend or Dividends shall be made out of the clear Residue (after deducting therefrom One tenth Part as herein is mentioned) of the Profits or Advantages of the said Company, unless such General Meeting shall declare otherwise; and such Dividend or Dividends shall be at and after the Rate of so much for every Share held by the Members thereof, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, as such Meeting or Meetings shall think fit to appoint and determine: Provided always, that no Dividends shall be paid in respect of any Share or Shares, after any Call for Money in respect of such Share or Shares shall have become due and payable, until such Call be paid; provided also, that no Dividend shall be made whereby the Capital of the said Company shall be in any Degree reduced or impaired.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall have full Power and Authority from time to time, at any of their General Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws as to them shall seem meet and proper for regulating the Proceedings of the said Directors, and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen and Servants to be employed in or about the Affairs and Business of the said Company, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking in all Respects whatsoever, and from time to time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, and to make others, as to the Shareholders of the said Company at a General Meeting shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders and Bye Laws so made as aforesaid, (being reduced into Writing, and signed by the Chairman present at any such Meeting,) shall be binding upon all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the same: Provided always, that such Rules, Orders and Bye Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act; provided also, that Copies thereof shall be printed, fixed and continued in the Office of the said Company.

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C. cxli — cxliv. 1157

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Report to be Directors for the Time being of the said Company shall and they made to the are hereby required, once in every Five Years, to make a true Two^Houseg6 and correct Statement and Report, in Writing, of the Quantity of"parliament of Land and Number and Nature of the Houses and Buildings every Five belonging to the said Company, and where the same shall be res- Years, pectively situate, and also to deliver a Copy of such Statement and Report to the King in Council and also to both Houses of Parliament.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges Expences of and Expences attending the applying for, obtaining and passing Act, how paid, this Act, shall be paid and discharged by the said Directors out of the Monies subscribed for the Purpose of this Act.

[Public Act.]

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxlii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Birmingham to or near the Town of Pershore. (b)

[10th June 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G4. c, 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act,]

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for maintaining and improving certain Roads leading to and from the Town of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, (b)

[10th June 1825.]

[New Trustees, 13 G. 1. c. 11. 15 G. 2. c. 15. 20 G. 2. c. 23.]

25 G. 2. c, 13. 31 G. 2. c. 54. 61.70. 10G.3. c. 74. 19 G. 3.

c. 115, 116. 35G.3. c. 140, 141. 38 G.3. c.x. 41 G. 3. c, xlii.

. 55 G. 3. c, i. ii. 58 G.3. c. xxiii. 3 G. 4. c. ci. all repealed.

Powers of 3 G. 4. c, 126. G.4. c, 95. 5 G.4. c, 69. extended

to this Act, See c. xxiii. ante, ']

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for repealing Two Acts for repairing the Roads frorii Little Sheffield in the County of York, to Sparrow Pitt Gate in the County of Derby; and also an Act for making a Road from Banner Cross in the West Riding of the County of York, to Fox House in the County of Derby; and for consolidating the Trusts of certain Roads mentioned in the said Acts; and for amending and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith; and for other Purposes relating thereto. (5)

[10th June 1825.]

[New Trustees. 35 G. 3. c. 164. 51 G. 3. c. lxxv. 52 G.3.

c. cxvi. all repealed. See 31 G.2. c. 62. 19 G. 3. c. 96.

21 G.3. c. 83. 43 G.3. c. lxx. Powers of 3 Gbtt. c. 126.

4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

4 E 3

1158

C.cxlv — cL

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Burnley, in the said County, and for repairing and making certain other Roads to communicate therewith, (a)

[10th June 1825.]

[38 G.3. c. li. 57 G. 3. c. 1. repealed. Powers of 3 GA. c. 126.]

4 GA. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for amending, repairing and maintaining the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, to the North-east End of Atterclijfe, in the County of York. («) [10th June 1825.]

[4 G.3. c. 52. 26 G.3. c. 125. 48 G. 3. c.lviii. all repealed. Powers of 3 GA. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5GA.C. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxlvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving so much of the Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, towards the City of Gloucester, as lies within the Cheltenham District, and for opening new Communications with such Road, (a) [10th June 1825.]

[49 G.3. c.xxix. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxlviii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, to Pentre Voelas7 in the said County, and from thence to Fynnon Eidda, in the County of Carnarvon, (b) [10th June 1825.]

[Powers of 3 GA. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 GA. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cxlix.

An Act for repairing, widening, improving and maintaining in Repair the Turnpike Roads from Leeds to Halifax, and the several Branches and Roads therein mentioned, in the West Riding of the County of York. (a) [10th June 1825.]

[3 G. 2. c. 32. 25 G. 2. c. 55. 26 G. 2. c. 83. 23 G. 3. c. 94.]

34 G.3. c. 134. 46 G.3. c. lxii. all repealed, as herein mentioned *

Powers of 3 GA. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 GA. c. 69. extended

to this Act.]

Cap. cl.

An Act for repairing the Road from the City of York to the Top of Oswaldkirk Bank in the County of York, (a)

[10th June 1825.]

[8 G. 3. c. 54. 29 G.3. c. 109. 44 G. 3. c.lxviii. all repealed

Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126 4 G. 4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

A.D. 1825.

6° GEO. IV.

C.cli — clvi.

115t

Cap. cli.

An Act for more effectually improving the Roads from Barnsley Common to Grange Moor and White Cross, and for making a Diversion of the said Roads from or near to Redbrook, in the Township of Barugh to Barnsley, all in the West Riding of the County of York, [a) [10th June 1825.]

[4 G.4. c.lxvi. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c.l 26. 4 G. 4. c. 95.]

5 G.4. c. 69. ext elided to this Act.]

Cap. clii.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, through the Town of Hessle, to the East End of the Town of Ferriby, all in the County of the Town of Kingston-upon-Hidl. (b) [10th June 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G. 4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cliii.

An Act for repairing, improving and keeping in repair several Roads leading to and from the Town of Upton-upon-Severn, in the County of Worcester, (b) [10th June 1825.]

[25 G.2. c. 60. 19 G. 3. c. 89. 44 G. 3. c. lix. all repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. cliv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Shepley Bane Head, to join the Barnsley and Grange Moor Turnpike Road, at or near Redbrook Plantation, in the Parish of Barton, all in the West Riding of the County of York, (b) [10th June 1825.]

[5 G.4. c.cxlvi. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95.]

5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. civ.

An Act for repairing the Road from Bridgetown in the Parish of Old Stratford in the County of Warwick to the Top of Long Compton Hill in the same County, and a certain other Road in the Counties of Warwick, Worcester and Gloucester; and for making a new Branch of Road from the Village of Long Compton aforesaid, into the Turnpike Road leading from Long Compton Hill to Woodstock, in the County of Oxford, (b) [10th June 1825.]

[58 G.3. c. xxxiv. repealed. Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. G. 4.

c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. clvi.

An Act for making and maintaining a public Carriage Road from Battle Bridge in the Parish of Saint Pancras, to Holloway, in the Parish of Saint Mary Islington, in the County of Middlesex.

[10th June 1825.]

4 E 4

1160

C.clvii — 1 clxii. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. clvii.

An Act for more effectually repairing, widening and improving the Road from Knightsbridge to Counters Bridge, and certain other Roads in the County of Middlesex; and for lighting, watching and watering the said Roads, (a) [10th June 1825. j

[Royal Family exempt from Toll, 35 G. 3. c, 142. 51 G.3. c. xiii.

both repealed. See 53 G. 3. c, xxxviii. Powers of 3 G. 4. c. 126, 4- G. 4. c, 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act,]

Cap. clviii.

An Act for amending and maintaining the Road from the North End of Old Malton Gate, in the Town and Borough of New Malton, to the Town of Pickerings in the County of York, (5)

[10th June 1825.]

[5 G.3. c, 108. 26 G. 3. c, 142. 44 G. 3. c. lxiii. all repealed.

Powers of 3 G. 4. c, 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended

to this Act, ']

Cap. clix.

An Act for repairing several Roads leading to and from the Town of Crewkerne in the County of Somerset, and other Roads in the same County, (a) [10th June 1825.]

[45 G. 3. c. iii. 55 G. 3. c, lx. repealed as herein mentioned. Powers of 3 G.4. c, 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended

to this Act, 1 J

-J a

Cap. clx.

An Act for making and maintaining a Turnpike Road from Brompton and Earles Cow-t, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbotts, Kensingtons in the County of Middlesex, to communicate with the Road called Fulham Fields Road, at North End, in the same County; and for making another Turnpike Road to communicate therewith from the High Road from London to Fulham, in the said County. (a) [10th June 1825.]

[Powers of 3G.4. c. 126. 4G. 4. c, 95. 5 G.4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. clxi.

An Act for maintaining and improving the Roads leading through the Town of Shiffnall, and the Road leading from Oaken Gates to Weston, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, (b)

[10th June 1825.]

[48 G. 3. c.lxv. repealed as to the Third District of Road* See 1&2G.4. c. 30. 44G.3. c. xii. Powers of 3G.4. c, 126.

4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended to this Act.]

Cap. clxii.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

C, clxii — clxviii.

1161

the Borough of Devizes in the County of Wilts, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[22d June 1825.]

[21 (7.3. c. 36. repealed.]

Cap. clxiii.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Tarras Pill, in the Parish of Duloe, in the County of Cornwall, to or near Moors Water, in the Parish of Liskeard, in the said County, and for making several Roads to communicate therewith.

[22d June 1825.1

ir

Cap. clxiv.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Cut or Canal from the River Adur, at or near Bines bridge, in the Parish of West Grinsted, in the County of Sussex, to Baybridge, in the said Parish.

[22d June 1825.]

[Proviso for the Rights of His Majesty and the Lords of Manors.]

Cap. clxv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His late Majesty King George the Third, for draining Lands within the Level of Ancholme, in the County of Lincoln, and making certain Parts of the River Ancholme navigable.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxvi.

An Act for improving the Navigation of the River' Stoitr §ml Sandwich Haven, from the City of Canterbury to the Town and Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent; and for making and maintaining a New Haven from the said Town and Port of Sandwich to the Sea, and a Harbour on the Sea Shore.

[22d June 1825.]

[Vessels, 8$c. in His Majesty's Service exempted from Rates, 8$c. See 28 G. 2 c. 55. 16G. 3. C. 62. 27 G. 3. c. 11. 67. 32G. 3. C. 7L 53 G. 3. c.UO.]

Cap. clxvii.

An Act to facilitate Intercourse by Steam Navigation between the United Kingdom and the Continent and Islands of America and the West Indies.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxviii.

An Act to amend an Act passed in the First and Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Moreton in Marsh, in the County of Gloucester, with a Branch to Shipston upon Stour, in the County of Worcester; and for making further Provisions touching the same.

[22d June 1825*]

7 G.3. c. 98.

42 G.3. c. cxvi.

1 &2 G.4. c.lxiii.

1162 C. clxix — -clxx vi. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. clxix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the Edinburgh and Glasgow Union Canal, at or near Ryal, in the Parish of Uphall, to Whitburn and other Places, in the Counties of Linlithgow and Lanark.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxx.

An Act for the more effectual Security of the Harbour of Littlehampton, called Arundel Port, in the County of Sussex.

[22d June 1825.]

[Vessels in His Majesty's Service exempted from Rates.'}

Cap. clxxi.

An Act for lighting with Gas the Town of Oldham, and the Neighbourhood thereof, within the Parish of Prestwich-cum-Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town and Neighbourhood with Water.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxii.

An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Limerick, in the County of the City of Limerick, with Water.

* d [22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxiii.

An Act for providing a greater and more regular Supply of Water, in the River called The Water of Leith, in the County of Edinburgh.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxiv.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Parochial Rates within the Town and Parish of Henley upon Thames, in the County of Oxford.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxv.

An Act for the better ascertaining, charging and collecting of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor within, that Part of the Parish of Saint Andrew Holborn which lies above the Bars in the County of Middlesex, and the Parish of Saint George the Martyr, in the said County; for the better Maintenance, Employment and Regulation of the Poor thereof; and for Regulating the Nightly Watch thereof.

[22d June 1825.]

[39 G. 3. c. xli. repealed.]

Cap. clxxvi.

An Act for extinguishing Tithes and Customary Payments in lieu of Tithes, within the Parish of Saint Botolph without Bishopsgate, in the Liberties of the City of London; and for making Compensation to the Rector for the Time being in lieu thereof.

[22d June 1825.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C.clxxvii — clxxxiv. 1163

Cap. clxxvii.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Godalming, in the County of Surrey.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxviii.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners of the Pavement of the City of Canterbury to improve and alter the Line of certain Streets, called Palace Street, The Borough of Staplegate and Northgate Street, from the Entrance into the Archbishop's Palace, in Palace Street, to Cold Harbour Lane, in Northgate Street aforesaid, within the said City of Canterbury and the County of the same City, and the County of Kent.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxix.

An Act for the better regulating, paving, improving and managing the Town of Brighthelmston, in the County of Sussex, and the Poor thereof.

[22d June 1825.]

[13 G. 3. c. 34. 50 G. 3. c. xxxviii. both repealed.]

Cap. clxxx.

An Act to amend several Acts relating to the City of Londonderry, [22d June 1825.]

[5G.4. c, clii. repealed, 50 far as it empowers Corporation to inspect

Books, , fyc. c.]

Cap. clxxxi.

An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Stock Company for that Purpose, to be called "The Arigna Iron and Coal Company." [22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxxii.

An Act to alter, amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act 5G.4. c.cxxxvh passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to encourage the working of Mines in Ireland by means of English Capital, and to regulate a Joint Slock Company for that Purpose, [22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxxiii.

An Act for opening certain Streets in the Burgh of Dundee, and otherwise improving the said Burgh.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. clxxxiv.

An Act for paving, cleansing, draining, lighting, watching, regulating and improving the Town of Cirencester, and for disposing of certain Common and Waste Lands and Common Rights within the Parishes of Cirencester and Preston, and for making Drains through the said Parishes, and the Parish of Siddington, in the County of Gloucester.

[22d June 1825.]

1164 C.clxxxv — cxci. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. clxxxv.

An Act For making and maintaining a Turnpike Hoad from Doncaster, through Hatfield, to Bain Croft Barn, near Thorne, with One Branch therefrom, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[22d June 1825.]

[Powers of 3 G.4. c. 126. 4 G.4. c. 95. 5 G. 4. c. 69. extended

to this Act.]

Cap. clxxxvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Felbrigg, Ayl- merton, Metton, Sustead and Gresham, in the County of Norfolk.

[22d June 1825.]

[See 41 G.3. U.K. c, 109. 1 $ 2 G.4. c. 23.]

Cap. clxxxvii.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Port, Harbour and Town of Liverpool, and for altering, extending and amending the several Acts relating thereto.

[27th June 1825.]

[See SAnn. c. 12. SG.l. c.l.Pr. 11G.2.C. 32. 2G. 3. C. 86.]

25 G.3. c. 15. 39 G.3. c.lix. 51 G.3. c.cxliii. 53 G.3. c.clvi. 59 G.3. c.xxx.]

Cap. clxxxviii.

An Act to amend an Act of the Fifty third Year of His late Majesty, for embanking, inclosing and draining Lands in the Parish of Wairifleet Saint Mary, in the County of Lincoln.

[27th June 1825.] [53 G. 3. c.cci. amended and in part repealed.]

Cap. clxxxix.

An Act for better paving, lighting, watching and otherwise improving the Town of Abingdon in the County of Berks; for removing Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments therein, and for preventing the same in future.

[27th June 1825.]

[34 G.3. c. 89. repealed.]

Cap. cxc.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Glasgow and Parkhead Road to Woodend, in the County of Lanark.

[27th June 1825.] [Powers of G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act.-\

Cap. cxci.

An Act for making and maintaining the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and certain other Roads in the Counties of Stirling, Durnbarton and Lanark, [b) [27th June 1825.]

[44 G.3. c.lxv. repealed. Powers of G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act. See c, cxi. cxl. ante.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. C.cxcii — cxcix. 1163

Cap. cxcii.

An Act for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Road leading from or near the Church of New Kilpatrick, by Lawmuir, to the Town of Old Kilpatrick, in the County of Dumbarton, (b) [27th June 1825.]

[See 35 G. 3. c. 155. Powers of G.4. c. 49. extended to this Act.']

Cap. cxciii.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from Lough Erne in the County of Fermanagh, to the River Black-water, near the Village of Charlemont in the County of Armagh.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. cxciv.

An Act for the better supplying the Town of Paisley, in the County of Renfrew, with Water.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. cxcv.

An Act to enable the Rector, Churchwardens and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the East in the City of London, to borrow Money for paying off certain Debts of the said Parish, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. cxcvi.

An Act for better lighting, watching and improving the Borough and Township of Macclesfield in the County of Chester, and regulating the Police thereof.

[5th July 1825.]

[54 G.3. c.xxiii. repealed.]

Cap. cxcvii.

An Act to enable the West India Company to sue in the Name or Names of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member or Members of the Company, and for other Purposes.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. cxcviii.

An Act to enable the Imperial Mining Company for Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary, or of One of the Members of the said Company.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. cxcix.

An Act for making and maintaining a Canal for Ships and other Vessels, to commence at or near Seaton Bay, in the County of Devon, and terminating in the Bristol Channel, at or near Stolford, or Bridgwater Bay, in the County of Somerset, with several collateral Branches to communicate therewith.

[6th July 1825.]

[Vessels, , fyc. c. in His Majestys Service exempted from Harbour Rates.]

1166

C.cc — ccii. 6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. cc.

An Act for making and constructing a Harbour and other Works in the Parish of Sidmouth, in the County of Devon.

[6th July 1825.]

[Vessels, , fyc. c. in His Majestys Service exempted from Rates, 8$c.-\

Cap. cci.

An Act to enable the Mayor, Burgesses and Commonalty of the City of Bristol to reduce, alter, modify and regulate certain Dues called " Town Dues" and " Mayor's Dues," and for the charging and collecting thereof.

[6th July 1825.]

[Former Dues to cease, and others substituted in lieu thereof. See 43 G.3. c.cxl.]

Cap. ccii.

An Act for enabling The Alliance Marine Assurance Company to sue and be sued in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, or of any other Member of the Company.

[6th July 1825.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. Pr. C. 1 - 5. 1167

PRIVATE ACTS,

PRINTED BY THE KINGS PRINTER,

AND WHEREOF THE PRINTED COPIES MAY BE GIVEN IN EVIDENCE.

N.B. To each of these Acts is annexed a Clause in the Form following:

6C And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by " the several Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty," duly authorized to print the Statutes of the United Kingdom; and that a Copy thereof so printed by any of them, shall " be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and " others."

Cap. 1.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Hamlet of Stock and Bradley, in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Worcester.

[31st March 1825.]

Cap. 2.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Weston, in the County of Norfolk.

[31st March 1825.]

Cap. 3.

An Act for dividing and allotting in Severalty the Open and Commonable Lands called Soicthcot and Kepnal Do>uon, within the Manor of Southcot and Kepnal, in the Parish of Peivsey, in the County of Wilts.

[31st March 1825.]

Cap. 4.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settlement of Estates in the County of Lancaster settled upon Robert Ro'whottom of Abram in the said County, Esquire, and Ann his Wife, and their Issue, to grant Leases of Coal Mines of such Estates.

[2d May 1825.]

Cap. 5,

An Act for vesting in new Trustees, upon and subject to the subsisting Trust, certain Lifehold Estates in Brewod in the

1168

Pr.C. 5 — 12.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

County of Stafford, which were vested in the Reverend John Henry Powell Clerk, deceased.

[2d May 1825.]

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Hoclcering and Morion in the County of Norfolk.

[20th 'May 1825.]

[Rectors, with the Consent of Bishop of the Diocese and Patron of the Living, may lease Allotments, § 44. Payments to Rectors in lieu of Tithes during the frst Three Years, § 45.]

Cap. 7.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Parish of Dearham, in the County of Cumberland.

[20th May 1825.]

[Allotment to the Vicar of Dearham for Tithes, 8^c. Such Allotment to be fenced^ § 28. Allotment of Residue, § 29. Allotments made by this Act to be. freehold, §31. Vicar, with Consent of Bishop of Diocese and Patron of the Living, may lease Allotments for Twenty one Years. When Leases become void as herein mentioned. Incumbent may grant a new Lease for Remainder of Term, §33. Exchanges of Lands, , fyc. c. may be made as herein mentioned, § 34. Leases at Rack Rent determined by Commissioner, § 35.]

Cap. 8.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing a certain Stinted Pasture called Carsington Hill, in the Parish of Carsington, in the County of Derby.

[20th May 1825.]

[Rector s Allotment in lieu of his Interest in Stinted Pasture to be ring-fenced, §18. Rector may lease his Allotment, $19. In what Manner Exchanges may be made, &c. §22.]

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclosing certain Lands in the Parish of Frampton Cotterell, in the County of Gloucester.

[20th May 1825.]

[Rector, with Consent of Bishop of Diocese and Patron of Living, may lease his Allotment, § 24.]

Cap. 10.

An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Garford, in the Parish of Marcham, in the County of Berks.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. 11.

An Act for inclosing certain Commons or Moors and Waste Lands within the Manors of Becca and Aberford, in the Parish of Aberford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[20th May 1825.]

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishes of Glooston and Cranoe} in the County of Leicester.

[20th May 1825.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. Pr.C. 12 — 17. 1169

[Allotment to respective Rectors for Glebe and Common Right, <2/2^ for Tithes, Moduses, §20, 21, 22. Such Allotments to be

in lieu of all such Tithes, Moduses, <§fc* § 23. Rectors with Consent of Patron and Bishop of the Diocese may lease for Years, § 24. When such Tithes are to cease, § 25. Allotments of Rectors to be fenced, $ 3.0- Allotments to other Proprietors to

, fenced, §31. Payments to be made by Persons not having

Open Field Land sufficient to compensate for Tithes, § 35.

. Allotments to be set out in Glooston or Cranoe, according to the Situation of the Property for which made, §41. How and in what manner Exchanges may be made, § 42. Leases as to uninclosed Lands, , fyc. c. how made void, § 43.]

Cap. 13.

An Act to amend, explain and confirm an Act, made and passed G.4.C. 15. Pr. in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for effectuating an Exchange of an Estcite, in the Parish of Stone, in the County of Stafford, (to which Ann Unett, an Infant, is entitled in Tail,) for an Estate of greater Value, belonging to John Wilkes Unett and Elizabeth his Wife, and Lettice Unett.

[10th June 1825.]

[Proviso for Tithes, , fyc. c. § 7-3

Cap. 14.

An Act for vesting the Lands and Estate of RusJcie, and certain other Entailed Lands of Sir Evan John Murray Mac Gregor, of Mac Gregor, Baronet, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Prices thereof in the Purchase of ether Lands and Estates more conveniently situated, to be entailed under the Conditions and Limitations contained in Deeds of Entail executed by the late Sir John Mac Gregor Murray Baronet.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. 15.

An Act for vesting the Fee of certain Settled Estates, late of Ann Elizabeth Meyrick deceased, situate in the County of York, in Trustees upon Trust to complete Sales made and to be made thereof with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. 16.

An Act to enable the Honourable George Cadogan and others to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Estates, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. 17.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Charles Henry Cadogan, Earl Cadogan, a Lunatic, to pull down a Mansion House, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, Part of the said Settled Estates, and to sell the Materials thereof; and to enable 6 Geo. IV. 4 F the

Pr. C. 17 — 21.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

the Committee or Committees for the Time being of the Estate of the said Earl Cadogan, and the other Persons therein mentioned, to grant Building Leases of the Site of the said Mansion House, and its Offices and Appurtenances, and for other Purposes.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. 18.

An Act for enabling the Rector of the Rectory and Parish Church of Chelsea, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of Glebe Lands and Premises belonging to the said Rectory, and for other Purposes.

[10th June 1825.]

\Rector may, with Consent of Bishop and Patron, grant Leases for Terms not exceeding 99 Years, $fc. § 1. Rector may appropriate Ground for Gardens, &c. § 2. Rent in Leases to he reserved to Rector, except as herein mentioned, § 3. Proviso for original Lessees Share of Rent in case of Avoidance of a Lease, and in case of such Avoidance a netu Lease may he granted to original Lessee for residue of the Term, § 4. Such Lease not to be renewable in case the same again avoided, § 5. During Continuance of any Lease the Premises therein comprized not to he grant able by Rector for any longer Time than his own Incumbency, § 6. Rector may with Consent of Bishop of London and Patron enter into Contracts for granting Leases, § 7- Contracts subject to Restrictions herein mentioned, § 8. Proviso as to Reservation of Rents, § 9. Directions as to Memorial of Leases, , fyc. c. and in Cases of Omission of Registry, , fyc. c. § 10. Proviso for Under Lessees, §11. Assignees, and Under Lessees with Covenant for Renewal, deemed original *Lessees, § 12. Act not to extend to Rectory House and Lands other than those in Schedule hereto, § 13. Proviso for Rights of Rector as to Leasing, § 14. Expences of Act to be paid by Fines, §c. § 15. Rector s Receipts to be a good Discharge for such Fines, , fyc. c. § 16.]

Cap. 19.

An Act for exchanging Part of the entailed Lands and Estate of the Right Honourable John Earl of Hopetoun, situated in the County of Linlithgow, in Scotland, for Part of the entailed Lands and Estate of James Dundas Esquire, of Dundas, also situated in the said County of Linlithgow.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. 20.

An Act for enabling the Trustees in the Will of Dorothy Clowes Widow, deceased, to grant Leases of Part of the Estates thereby devised, for building upon or improving the same.-

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. 21.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing Lands, in the Parishes of Wilton, Burcomb, Netherhampton and Fugglestone Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts.

[10th June 1825.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

PnC. 21 — 25.

1171

[Allotment to Rectors and Vicar for their Glebe Lands, § 17. Rectors and Vicars allotments to be fenced, §21. Rectors and Vicar, with Consent of Bishop of Diocese and Patron. *, may grant Leases, § 24.]

Cap. 22.

An Act to commute for a Corn Rent the Tithes and Dues payable to the Vicar of the Parish and Parish Church of Cockerham, in the County of Lancaster.

[10th Jwrcc 1825.]

£ Tithes, 8$c. to be valued, and Price of Corn ascertained, § 22. Corn Rent herein mentioned to be in lieu of all Tithes, , fyc. c. § 23. Proviso for Vicars Tithes, Spc. up to a certain Time, § 24. Rent to be apportioned between the Representatives and Successors of any Vicar, § 25. Power for Vicar to distrain, S$e. § 26. Tenants may in Cases herein mentioned deduct Sums paid, § 28. In what Manner Corn Rents re-ascertained, § 29. As to making new Decennial Valuations if required, § 30. Lands Tithe free only to be charged as by Award of Commissioners, f 31. New Tithe Valuers and Collectors may be appointed, § 32, 33. Penalty on Tithe Collectors for not acting, § 34. How Officers to account. See. § 35. Proviso for Surplice Fees, Sec. to Vicar, § 36.]

Cap. 23.

An Act for dividing, alloting and laying in Severalty Lands, in the Parish of West Ilsley, in the County of Berks.

[10th June 1825.]

[Allotment to Rector for Glebe and for great and small Tithes, § 24, 25. Compensation to be made in lieu of Tithes of old Inclosures where Owners have not Land in the Common Fields sufficient to discharge the same, § 26. Allotment of Residue, § 27. When Allotment of Residue made, Commissioners to have regard to the Quantity of Common Field set out to Rector in lieu of Tithes, &c. § 30. Allotment of Land in lieu of Tithes of Richard Southby and William Taylors Land, § 31. When Titlies made to cease, § 32. Proviso for Exchanges of Lands held in right of any Church, &c. § 37. Rector, with Consent of Bishop of the Diocese and Patron of Living, may lease Allotments, § 42. Where Leases become void before Expiration of Term, Rector may grant a new Lease, § 43. Leases at Rack Rent, how and when made void, § 44. Proviso for beneficial Leases, § 45.]

Cap. 24.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winterbourne, in the County of Gloucester.

[10th June 1825.]

Cap. 25.

An Act for dividing and inclosing, and reducing to a Stint and improving certain uninclosed Commons and Waste Grounds and Fens, within the Manor and Parish of Orsett, in the County of Essex.

[10th June 1825.]

Pr.C. 26 — 31.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. 26.

An Act for inclosing and exonerating from Tithes Lands in the Hamlet of East Santon, otherwise Upper Santon, in the Parish of Appleby, in the County of Lincoln.

[10th June 1825.]

[Allotment to Vicar for great and small Tithes. Commissioners to divide such Allotments, § 19, 20. SwcA Allotments to be in lieu of all Tithes, §21. Vicar with Consent of Patron and the

Bishop of Diocese may lease for Years, $ 22. Allotment of the Residue, § 24. Allotment of Vicar to be fenced* § 25. Hotu Exchanges may be made, $ 30.]

Cap. 27.

An Act to enable Building Leases to be granted of Part of the Settled Estates of Jacob, Earl of Radnor, in the Parish of Folkestone, and in the Liberty of the Town of Folkestone, and in the Parish of Cheriton, in the County of Kent, and in the Precinct of White Friars, and in the Parish of Saint Dunstan in the West in the City of London.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. 28.

An Act to enable Sir Thomas Dick Lauder Baronet, and the Heirs of Entail succeeding to him in the Estate of Grange, to grant Feus thereof upon certain Terms and Conditions.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. 29.

An Act for establishing certain Leases granted by Sir Laxvrence Vaughan Palk Baronet, of certain Parts of the Manor of Tormohun, otherwise Tormoham, otherwise Tormoone, otherwise Tormoun, in the County of Devow, Parcel of his Settled Estates, and for enabling him to grant Leases of other Parts of the said Manor; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. 30.

An Act to enable the Trustees under the Will of Alexander Caldcleugh Esquire, deceased, to grant Building Leases of Lands, in the Parish of Croydon, in the County of Surrey.

[22d June 1825.]

Cap. 31.

An Act for vesting certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Hatton, comprised in a Deed of Entail made by the Trustees of William Davidson Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to sell the same, and to apply the Purchase Money arising by such Sale in the Acquisition of other Estates to be settled upon the same Series of Heirs, and under the Conditions and Limitations contained in the said Deed of Entail; for granting Power to feu certain other Lands comprised in the said Deed of Entail, and certain Parts of the Lands and Barony of Muirhouse, which were entailed by the said William Davidson.

[22d June 1825.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. Pr. C. 32 — 38.

Cap. 32.

An Act for enabling the Devisees under the Will of the Right Honourable George Simon, late Earl Harcourt, to grant a Building and Repairing Lease of Harcourt House and Grounds, in Cavendish Square, in the County of Middlesex.

[22d 1825.]

Cap. 33.

An Act to empower the Judges of the Court of Session to take an Account of the Debts and Burdens affecting and that may be made to affect the entailed Estates of Charles Marquis of Queensberry, in the County of Dumfries, and to sell such Part of the said entailed Estates as shall be sufficient to discharge the said Debts and Burdens.

[Z2d June 1825.]

Cap. 34.

An Act to establish certain Leases granted by Henrietta Inge Widow, and William Inge Esquire, both deceased, of Houses and Lands in the Parish of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick.

[27th June 1825.]

Cap. 35.

An Act for vesting the Estates of John Knapp, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Mortgages and other Debts, and applying the Surplus for the Benefit of his Widow and his Infant Heir at Law.

[27th June 1825.]

Cap. 36.

An Act for enabling Miss Mary Tate and others to grant Building and.Repairing Leases of Lands and Premises, in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, and for other Purposes.

[27th June 1825.]

Cap. 37.

An Act for effecting an Exchange of Estates in the County of Norfolk, between Wyrley Birch Esquire, and the Provost and College of Eton, in the County of Bucks.

[27th June 1825.]

[Irf Tithes should be recovered in respect of the Lands, , fyc. c. alleged to be covered by a Modus, an Equivalent to be made to Eton College, §4.]

Cap. 38.

An Act to enable John Cator Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Lands, in the Counties of Kent, Surrey, Essex and Here-rford; and also for vesting in Trustees for Sale Part of the Estates in the said Counties devised by the Will of John Cator Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money arising from such Sales respectively, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; and for other Purposes.

[27th June 1825.]

1174?

Pr.C. 39 — 44.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Cap. 39.

An Act to enable the Trustees of Daniel Fowler Esquire, and Mary-Ann his Wife, and their Children, to make Grants and Leases of Lands and Grounds, in Camberwell Grove, Surrey., for the Purpose of having the same improved by Buildings, and to sell the reserved Rents and Reversion, so as to produce a Fund to be held on the same Trusts as the Sum of Six thousand Pounds Three per Cent. Annuities originally settled; and also to appoint a new Trustee in the Place of William Fowler Esquire, a Lunatic, and of Mr. Robert Green., who is desirous of being discharged from the Trust.

[27th June 1825.]

Cap. 40.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates devised by the Will of Richard Sclater Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[27th June 1825.]

Cap. 41.

An Act for enabling the Trustees of the Will of Matthew Markham, deceased, to contract for and grant Building Leases of his residuary Real Estates.

[27th June 1825.]

Cap. 42.

An Act for confirming certain Partitions and Exchanges made by Anna Maria Bold, Peter Patten Bold and Mary Princess Sapieha, deceased, with Bold Fleetwood Hesketh and Robert Hesketh Esquires, deceased, and a Partition agreed upon by Henry Bold Hoghton Esquire and Dorothea his Wife, with Peter Hesketh Esquire, of Lands and Tenements in the Parish of 'North Meols, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 43.

4G.4. c. 22. An Act to extend the Powers and Provisions of an Act of the *r# Fourth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the

Fourth, intituled An Act for authorizing the Investment of Monies belonging to the Infant Sons of Sir Samuel Romilly, deceased, in the Purchase of certain Parts of his Daughter s Share of his Real Estate, to be conveyed to Trustees upon certain Trusts.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 44.

An Act for modifying and extending the Purposes of certain Deeds of Settlement of John Leitch, Esquire, deceased; and for establishing an Asylum for the Blind, in the City of Glasgow.

[5th July 1825.]

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV.

Pr.CA5 — 50.

1175

Cap. 45.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty fifth, Forty fourth, Forty fifth and Forty eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Third, for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands, in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon, and to appoint new Trustees, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[5th July 1825.]

[See 35H.8. c. 10. 7 Ann. c. 20. 42G. 3. C. 116. 52 G. 3.

c. cxcii, cxciii.]

Cap. 46.

An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor, Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called The Hospital of Saint Thomas the Apostle, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands.

[5th July 1825.]

[See 22 G.3. c. 77. 13 Eliz. c. 10. 14 Eliz. c.ll. § 17. 14 c. 14.]

Cap. 47.

An Act for enabling the Archbishop of Canterbury and his Successors, to grant Licences for building upon and improving the Copyholds within the Manors of Lambeth and Croydon, in the County of Surrey, and to grant Licences to demise such Copy-holds for those Purposes, and to fix the Fines payable upon Admission to the same during limited Periods.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 48.

An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Christ's Hospital; and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands.

[5th July 1825.]

[See 22G.3. c. 77. 13 Eliz. c. 10. 1± Eliz. c.ll. §17.

14 Eliz. c. 14.

Cap. 49.

An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Hospital of King Edward the Sixth, called Bridewell; and for enabling them to grant Leases of the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

[5th July 1825 ] [See 22 G.3. c. 77. 13 Eliz. c. 10. 14 Eliz. c.ll. § 17.

14 Eliz. c. 14.

Cap. 50.

An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and

35 G. 3. c. 83. Pr., 44 G.3. c. 63. Pr.,

45 G. 3. c.cxiiu 48 G.3. c.cxlii.

1176

Pr.C. 50 — 56.

6° GEO. IV. A.D. 1825.

Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Masters, Guardians and Governors of the House and Hospital called Bethlem, and for enabling them to grant Building Leases of certain Lands, the Possessions of the said Hospital, for long Terms of Years, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

[5th i July 1825.]

[See 22 G. 3. c. 77. ISEliz. c.lO. 14*Eliz. c. 11. § 17. 14 jE/z*. c. 14.]

Cap. 51.

An Act for confirming certain Leases granted by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, Governors of the House of the Poor, commonly called Saint Bartholomew s Hospital, near West Smith field, London, of the Foundation of King Henry the Eighth, and enabling them to grant Leases of the Possessions of the said Hospital for long Terms of Years, for the Purposes herein mentioned.

[5th July 1825.]

[See 22 G.3. c. 77- 13 Eliz. c. 10. 14 Eliz. c. 11. $17.

14 Eliz, c. 14.

Cap. 52.

An Act for vesting the Estates devised by the Will of John Banks Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from such Sale in the Purchase if other Estates.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 53.

An Act for enabling the Trustees appointed by the Will of John Vernon Esquire, deceased, to complete the Sales of certain Parts of the Estates thereby devised, for the Purposes in the Act mentioned.

[5th July 1825.]

[See 1 G. 4. c. 38.]

Cap. 54.

SG.4. c. 35. An Act for vesting certain Settled Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Cotton Saint John Baron Clinton and Saye in Trustees to be sold, for paying off Incumbrances, and for purchasing other Estates with the Residue of the Purchase Monies, to be settled to the same Uses; and for amending an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for vesting certain Estates of the said Baron Clinton in Trustees for Sale.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 55.

An Act to enable the Most Honourable Henry Marquis of Waterford to grant Leases of certain Estates in the Counties of Waterford, Kilkenny, Tipperary and Londonderry, in Ireland, devised by the Will of the late George Be la Boer Marquis of Waterford, deceased.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 56.

An Act for more effectually vesting the Estates of the Charity called Waddington Hospital, in the County of York, in the

A.D. 1825. 6° GEO. IV. Pr. C. 56 — 59.

Trustees of the said Charity, and for enabling them to grant Leases of the said Estates, for the Purposes of erecting or repairing Buildings, and also to sell Part of the said Estates, and to lay out the Monies arising thereby in the Purchase of other Estates; and for enlarging the Power given by the Founder to appoint new Trustees of the said Charity.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 57.

An Act for vesting the Manor, Rectory and Isle of Hayling, in the County of Southampton, Part of the Settled Estates of the Duke of Norfolk, in William Padwick the younger, Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns, and for applying the Money thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses, and for other Purposes.

[5th July 1825.]

[See 3 Car. 1. cA. Pr. 37 G.3. cA0. Pr. 41 G.3. U. K. c.xv.

49 G. 3. c. clxxiv.]

---

Cap. 58.

An Act for vesting certain Estates, in the Parish of Greenwich, in the County of Kent, devised by the Will of the late Isaac Bristow, deceased, in Trustees, for conveying the same to a Purchaser.

[5th July 1825.]

Cap. 59.

An Act for inclosing Lands, in the Parish of Northolt, otherwise Northall, otherwise Northaw, in the County of Middlesex.

[5th July 1825.]

Allotment to Vicar in respect to Glebe Lands, §25.]

[INDEX removed.]

