THE

STATUTES

OF

THE UNITED KINGDOM

OF

GREAT BRITAIN and IRELAND.

WITH NOTES AND REFERENCES

By JOHN RAITHBY, of Lincoln’s Inn, Esg.

BARRISTER AT LAW.

VOL. II.

Containing the Acts 43 Geo. III. (1803.) and 44 Geo. III. (1804.)

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty;

And by Andrew Strahan, Law-Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty.

M.DCCC.XXIII.

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed in the FIRST Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

43 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. An Act for further suspending, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Operation of two Acts, made in the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

2. An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein.

3. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

4. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

5. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, or the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

6. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three.

7. An Act to amend an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to provide for the more speedy Payment of all Navy, Victualling, and Transport Bills that shall be issued in future.

8. An Act for reviving and continuing for five Years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, certain Acts, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin; and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them.

9. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Coporals, and Drummers.

10. An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia, as relates to the Exemption of licenced Teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia.

11. An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the fifteenth Day of January One, thousand eight hundred and four.

12. An Act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; to the Relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta.

13. An Act to continue, until the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and for permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

14. An Act for continuing, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the passing thereof, until the said first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

15. An Act to facilitate, and render more easy the Transportation of Offenders.

16. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds, or Abuses which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the Business of Prize Agency; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds, and Abuses; and for the better, conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future.

17. An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and for allowing, until the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof.

18. An Act to amend and continue, until the Expiration of six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank.

19. An Act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain for twenty-eight Days.

20. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

21. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

22. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons selling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail, in Ireland.

23. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland.

24. An Act for continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to his Majesty in Ireland.

25. An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any Place in Ireland, by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of his Majesty's Revenues in Ireland from giving their Votes at such Elections.

26. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity on his Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, to continue until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six; and for repealing so much of an Act made in the thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty, as directs the annual Payment of thirteen thousand rounds out of the Revenues of the Dutchy of Cornwall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

27. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets lent by the Post within Ireland.

29. An Act to revive and continue, until the first Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to continue several Laws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty with America, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty-free, in the preserving of Fish, in Bulk, or in Barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in America, to the twenty-fourth: Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of infection thereby, to the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, and imported into England, to the first Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in his Majesty's Plantations in America, to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

30. An Act to entitle Roman Catholicks taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act of the thirty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relive, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, are by Law subject, to the Benefits given by an Act of the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for relieving his Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion, from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act, made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

31. An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of his Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chases.

32. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

33. An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filling up Vacancies therein, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

34. An Act to continue, until the eighth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue, until the eighth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for staying Proceedings in Actions under the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, for abridging Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of Livings, and of taking of Ferms; and also to stay Proceedings in Actions under the Act of the thirteenth Year of Queen Elizabeth, touching Leases of Benefices, and ether Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure.

35. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

36. An Act for raising the Sum of four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

37. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumarez Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of his eminent Services which he has performed on various Occasions.

38. An Act to provide, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

39. An Act for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between his Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having Claims to Compensation out of such Money.

40. An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

41. An Act for increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

42. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act made in the forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported; for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused; and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

43. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein.

44. An Act to amend and continue (until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease) , an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

45. An Act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the Freedom of Election in the Town of Nottingham, and County of the said Town.

46. An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits; and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases.

47. An Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of England, when called out into actual Service.

48. An Act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company.

49. An Act to amend so much of several Acts, passed in the sixth and seventh Year, and in the seventh and eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, as relates to the Exportation of Silver Bullion.

50. An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under two Acts, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts.

51. An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

52. An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council for the Prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre, and Naval Stores, and the Permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway.

53. An Act to render the Process of his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, in Personal Actions, in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-first and twenty-second Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin; and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer more effectual, as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions.

54. An Act for making better Provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better Government of the Parish Schools in Scotland. 744.

55. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose.

56. An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to his Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers.

57. An Act for the better protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France.

58. An Act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, Cutting, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act made in England in the twenty-third Year of the late King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Anne, also intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

59. An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England.

60. An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills.

61. An Act for the Relief of Soldiers, Sailors, and Marines, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the Cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England.

62. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great Britain.

63. An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner in which the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, shall hire and take up Ships for their regular Service; to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

64. An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in his Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

65. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments, at Charlton, in the County of Kent, for further promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

66. An Act for vesting in Trustees, certain Lands and Hereditaments at Weedon Beck, in the County of Northampton, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

67. An Act for raising the Sum of twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

68. An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

69. An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

70. An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandise, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

71. An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia within Great Britain.

72. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

73. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the twenty fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicine: and for charging other Duties in lieu thereof; and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

74. An Act for further regulating the Administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act, passed in the second Year of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

75. An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found lunatick by Inquisition, in England or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the same.

76. An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Ireland.

77. An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in Ireland, according to Law.

78. An Act for continuing, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, an Act passed in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

79. An Act for making more effectual Provision within Ireland for the Punishment of Offences, in wilfully cading away, sinking, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies.

80. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland, to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

81. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain.

82. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

83. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in Scotland, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

84. An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England.

85. An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in Ireland, an additional Military force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

86. An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

87. An Act to continue, during the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum; and also an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the fortieth Year of his present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act.

88. An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia dull not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

89. An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotland, when called out into actual Service.

90. An Act for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

91. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries.

92. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize into, and on Goods, Wines, and Merchandize exported from Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland.

93. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

94. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

95. An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

96. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

97. An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

98. An Act to amend the Acts, now in Force, for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller in Ireland

99. An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same.

100. An Act to render more effectual two Acts, made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, and for raising an additional Military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom.

101. An Act for raising in the City of London, a certain Number of Men as an Addition to the Military Force of Great Britain, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

102. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort William, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the same.

103. An Act to permit Portaged Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

104. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by Way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

105. An Act to permit the Exportation, for two Years, of a certain Quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Pulse, to the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, and Alderney, from other Ports in England as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions.

106. An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest free) , to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices; and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners.

107. An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the second and third Years of the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant, in Perpetuity, the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, so for as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods, and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors.

108. An Act to promote the building, repairing, or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes.

109. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons bolding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England; and to remove a Doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the twenty-first Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned.

110. An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House.

111. An Act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act passed in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules.

112. An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

113. An Act for the more effectually providing for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully casting away, burning, or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the Powers of an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters.

114. An Act for raising the Sum of one Million Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

115. An Act to explain and amend two Acts, made in the second, and thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats, and other Boats upon the River Thames, and for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities.

116. An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

117. An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in Force until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

118. An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the fifth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

119. An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at Chatham, and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital; and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds.

120. An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

121. An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Ireland; and for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers, or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly Rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

122. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

123. An Act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of England.

124. An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for raising an additional Military Force in Scotland; and for exempting Persons serving therein, either personally or by Substitute, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland.

125. An Act to empower his Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into Execution, within the said City, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose; and to enable his Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

126. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties on Receipts.

127. An Act for consolidating the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain.

128. An Act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain, in certain Cases.

129. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffee, Tea, and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee.

130. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers.

131. An Act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quaffia imported into Great Britain.

132. An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty.

133. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for enabling his Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola; and to continue, until the fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act, made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign Wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain.

134. An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain, during Hostilities.

135. An Act for the removing of Doubts respecting the Validity of Assignments made or to be made pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of America; and for the better Enabling of his Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned.

136. An Act to suspend, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

137. An Act to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships, in the Service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the Outfit of the said Ships, between certain Periods.

138. An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lower and Upper Canada, to the Trial and Punishment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within certain Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces.

139. An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of foreign Bills of Exchange, and of foreign Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money; and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign Copper Money.

140. An Act to enable the Judges of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned.

141. An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Duty.

142. An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of ballotted Men, Substitutes, and Volunteers, Serving in the Militia of Ireland.

143. An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in Ireland, more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to the Warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors, and Deputy Governors respectively.

144. An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and Maintenance of the Poor in England.

145. An Act for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg in Scotland.

146. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

147. An Act for raising the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

148. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

149. An Act for enabling his Majesty to settle an Annuity of sixteen thousand Pounds on the House of Orange, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

150. An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts, relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

151. An Act for preventing and settling Disputes which may arise between Masters and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle.

152. An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled, An Act for the further preventing his Majesty's Subjects from trading to the East Indies under foreign Commissions, and for encouraging and further securing the lawful Trade thereto; and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover, Deal, and the Isle of Thanet, as relates to the said Pilots.

153. An Act to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland in neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize; and to empower his Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper, and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with his Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

154. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland; and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great Britain, during the Continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into Great Britain and Ireland.

155. An Act to repeal an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing until three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases.

156. An Act to enable the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain, to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines.

157. An Act to make perpetual so much of an Act, made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

158. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe Houses in Ireland.

159. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord Amherst, and the Representatives of the late Jeffery Lord Amherst, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him during his Command in America.

160. An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning his Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money, and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands.

161. An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon, under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission.

162. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

i. AN Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy in the County of Chester, to Talk in the County of Stafford. Page 392

ii. An Act for repairing, improving and maintaining the Road leading from Thirsk to Yarm, in the County of York. Ibid.

iii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of Crumpsall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Besses of the Barn, to the Town of Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Besses of the Barn, to Radcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, in the Township of Prestwich, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster; so far as the same relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called The Manchester District. Page 392

iv. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts, severally passed in the First and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the Church in the Parish of Osmington, all in the County of Dorset. 393

v. An Act to continue and enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Boroughbridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piersbridge, on the River Tees. Ibid.

vi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the South Side of the said Borough called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunston and Penkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolverhampton the said County of Stafford. Ibid.

vii. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherley Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham. Ibid.

viii. An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of The Grand Junction Canal, to raise a further Sum of Money to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts passed in the Thirty third, Thirty fourth, Thirty fifth, Thirty sixth, Thirty eighth and Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. 394

ix. An Act for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint Alban, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof; and for more effectually repairing the said Parish Church. Ibid.

x. An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving Kensington Square, and Young Street, and James Street communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbots, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments therein. Page 394

xi. An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for forming and keeping Repair, the Streets and other public Passages and within a certain District in the Parish of Saint Luke, Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same. Ibid.

xii. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Coals. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for repairing, altering, widening and improving the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of Maidstone, to The King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford's Park Gate to Biddaford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the line of certain Parts of the said Roads, and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the Termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the Bottom of Water Lane, in the Parish of Totnes, to a Place called Luscombe Cross, in the Parish of Harberton, in the said County of Devon. Ibid.

xv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors for embanking Part of The Lairy near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain Place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth. 395

xvi. An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, made in the Seventh, Thirty first and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter's Bridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the old District of Road described in the First of the said Acts. Ibid.

xvii. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a new Road from Saint George’s Gate, in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County Kent; and for making further and better Provision for the several Purposes of the said Act. Page 395

xviii. An Act for amending, widening, repairing and improving the Road from or near to the Village of Glossop, in the County of Derby, to or near to Marple Bridge in the said County; and for making several Branches of Roads to and from the same. Ibid.

xix. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and passing through or near Thor dyke, Westruther, Hardlaw, Bedshiell or the Kaim, and Choicelee, to where it joins the Turnpike Road from Greenlaw, to Dunse, all in the County of Berwick. Ibid.

xx. An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex. 396

xxi. An Act for abolishing certain Dues called Petty Customs, Anchorage and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there; and for erecting Warehouses for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above Purposes. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now in force, for enabling The Royal Canal Company to complete a Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the river Shannon. Ibid.

xxiii. An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road through to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Ilminster, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Cross Keys to Catharine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York. 397

xxv. An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making, widening and repairing public Roads the County of Dublin; and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose. Ibid.

xxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the First and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to Somerton, and from Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water called Ford, to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broad and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp, and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Ilminster to Langport, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and Lopen, to Whitecross, in the said Parish of Lopen; all in the said County of Somerset. Page 397

xxvii An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from to Ashby-de-la-Zouch in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley Ferry, now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the end of Swarcliffe Lane to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid. 398

xxix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Garristown, in the County of Dublin. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, the One made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing, widening and keeping in Repair the High Road leading from the Fourteenth Milestone, in the Parish of Mothvy, in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to Llydad y Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilovawr, and from thence by Cledfulch and oner Duless Bridge to the Town of Llandilovawr, and from the said Town along the Post Road by Rhiwyradar, through the County of the Borough of Carmarthen and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavernspite in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; the other made and passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads within the said County; for discharging the Trustees from the Care and Management of certain Parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, several other Roads within the said County. Ibid.

xxxi. An Act for making, amending, altering, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the North or North West End of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conwill Elvet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvet, and through the Village of Velindre Shinkin in the Parish of Penboir, to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, improving and maintaining, the Publick Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton. Page 399.

xxxiii. An Act for enabling the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl and his Heirs to build a Bridge over the River Tap, at or near to the Town of Dunkeld in the County of and make Roads of Communication thereunto. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty fourth and Twenty eighth Years of His late Majesty, and of the Fourth, Twenty fourth, Twenty fifth, Twenty ninth and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a Place called Pitlake Mead, in the Town of Croydon, to or near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of Surrey, with a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, at or near a Place called Merstham, in the Parish of Merstham, to or near to a Place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of Godstone, all in the said County of Surrey. Ibid.

xxxvi. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Road of Communication between the same and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde. 400

xxxvii. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and Beast Markets within more convenient Parts of the said Borough.

xxxviii. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Port of Porthdinllaen, in the County of Caernarvon, to or near a Place called Caenant, in the County of Merioneth, and from Tan-y-Graig, in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of Pwllheli, and from thence to the Village of Llanstymdwy, and from a Place called Cerrig-y-Rhwydwr, to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the said County of Caernarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River Aberglaslyn in the said Counties. 401

xxxix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, in the County of Hertford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

xl. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, in the Counties of Salop, Chester, Berks, Wilts and Oxford, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and subject to the same Restrictions. Ibid.

xli. An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devisee in Trust, named in the Will of Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex Gentleman, deceased, to grant building Leases of certain Ground at or near Church in the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the same Will, and to sell and pull down an ancient Messuage, standing on Part of the said Ground, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale upon the Trusts of the said Will. Page 401

xlii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Township of Stowe, and the Hamlets of Sturton and Bransby in the Parish of Stowe, in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

xliii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Norton and the parishes of Norton and Dronfield, in the County of Derby. 403

xliv. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xlv. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the County of Derby. Ibid.

xlvi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, with the Parish of Oakley, in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

xlvii. An Act to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to maintaining a Nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows and Passages within the City of Chester; and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Rows and Passages within the said City, and for regulating and improving the Police thereof. Ibid.

xlviii. An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Ouse, from Selby in the West Riding of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Hemingborough in the East Riding of the same County. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Loftsome Ferry, from the Parish of Wressel to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Heminbrough in the East Riding of the County of York. 404

l. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty first Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Colne in the County of Lancaster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York. Page 404

li. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty first Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kildwick, to Black Lane End in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

lii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and altering the Road from London in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester, and from Hilderstone to Draycott in the Moors, and from Wetley Rocks to Tean in the said County of Stafford. Ibid.

liii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Horncastle in the County of Lincoln. 405

liv. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to Lancaster, and from thence to a Place called Heiring Syke; and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hest, to a Place called Hest Bank in the said Township. Ibid.

lv. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Harbour of Alloa; for paving, cleansing and lighting the Town of Alloa, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for regulating and converting the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for repairing, improving and preserving the Harbour of Dysart, in the County of Fife. Ibid.

lviii. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace acting for the Western Division of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said County, and for empowering the said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the same, as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for the better Regulation and Payment of the Public Expences of the said County. 406

lix. An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Streets, Passages and Places within the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex; for removing and preventing Annoyances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing an effective Police in the said Town. 407

lx. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for cleansing the Ports, Harbours and Rivers of the City of Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda and Belfast, and for erecting a Ballast Office the said City, and each of the said Towns, as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes and Passages in the Town of Sligo the County of Sligo; for establishing a Nightly Watch in the said Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water; and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof, and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and improving of the said Town of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof. Page 407

lxi. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers Teign, Dart and Plym, in the County of Devon. 408

lxii. An Act for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex. 411

lxlii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound in the County of Cornwall, through the Towns of Saint Austell and and thence to the East End of the Western Taphouse Lane, in the said County. Ibid.

lxiv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the City of Worcester, through Droitwith to Spadesbourne Bridge, within the Parish of Bromsgrove in the County of Worcester, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Okehampton in the County of Devon. 412

lxvi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church in the County of Middlesex to Shenfeld, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the End of the said Parish of Woodford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church, to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for amending, widening, altering and improving the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel, to the Junction of the Petworth and Pulborough Roads, and from thence to join the present Turnpike Road on Fittleworth Common, in the County of Sussex. Page 412

lxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the North East Side of the Goswell Street Road next Islington, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog House Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for amending, altering and keeping in Repair the Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marsden, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gisburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in the said County of York. Ibid.

lxx. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to Hathersage, and from the Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near Stoney Middleton to Totley, all in the County of Derby; and also for making Two new Branches from the said Roads to Baslow, in the said County, and to Goose Green near Sheffield in the County of York. 413

lxxi. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for amending the Road from Sacred Gate, in the Parish of Thorngumbald to Patrington Creek or Haven, and from the Guide Post in Winestead to Frodingham Gate, in or near Widow Branton's Farm, in the County of York.

lxxii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunwood Hill, and from thence over Great Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Romsey Infra to Hundred Bridge in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton. Ibid.

lxxiii. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the Intent and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the several Acts therein mentioned for the Relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin called Burton's Banks. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open, Common and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the Township or Liberty of Great Hucklow, in the Parish of Hope, in the County of Derby. Page 413

lxxvi. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of Reagill, in the County of Westmorland, and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds. 414

lxxvii, An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons lying in the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmorland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundestone and Lound, in the County of Suffolk. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common and Waste Lands within the Township of Middleton in the Parish of Middleton, in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Liberty of Wormhill, in the Parish of Tideswell in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxxxii. An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and otherwise improving several Commons, Moors or Wastes within the Manor of Alston, otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill in the Parish of Alston and County of Cumberland. 415

lxxxiii. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Castle Bytham in the County of Lincoln. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands within the Parishes of Great Kimble, Little Kimble and Ellesborough in the County of Buckingham. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Lilstock in the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common and Waste Land lying within the Manors of Hartshill and Ansley, in the Parishes of Mancetter and Ansley, in the County of Warwick. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxviii. An Act for repairing, enlarging and improving the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay in the County of Devon. 416

lxxxix. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for building a Pier at Sheerness in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes, as authorizes the taking or carrying away any Gravel, Stones, Ballast, Sand or other Materials from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Alston, Lord of the Manor of Minster in the said Isle of Sheppy, without paying any Thing for the same. Page 416

xc. An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Bradford, and Part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all Nuisances therein. Ibid.

xci. An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease at Brighthelmstone in the County of Sussex. Ibid.

xcii. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the South or upper End of Harwell Town in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County. Ibid.

xciii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of Chester to the Woodside Ferry in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xciv. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads from the End of the County of Stafford, through Nantwich, to the City of Chester, so far as the said Acts relate to the First District of Roads. 417

xcv. An Act for further continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Roads from Haleworthy in the Parish of Davidstow in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, and from the West End of Wadebridge into and through the Borough of Mitchell in the said County. Ibid.

xcvi. An Act for making and repairing the Road from Greenock to Kelley Bridge in the County of Renfrew, and a Road branching out of the same to Ailly Miln, in the same County. Ibid.

xcvii. An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of Ratcliffe upon Wreke in the County of Leicester (Part of the settled Estates of Robert Earl Ferrers) , in a Trustee to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of an Incumbrance affecting the Whole of the said settled Estates. Ibid.

xcviii. An Act to confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a Power in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable Charles late Lord Southampton deceased, and Ann Lady Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the New River, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

xcix. An Act for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable William Viscount and the respective Devisees under the Wills of Sir William Lowther Baronet, and the Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonsdale. Ibid.

c. An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Langley Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the Expences of Improvements already made, and also in reimbursing to him the Expences of future Improvements, when the Amount shall have been ascertained, under the Direction of the said Court, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of that Court, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. Page 418

ci. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Allerton Bywater in the Parish of Kippax, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cii. An Act for inclosing the Commonable Lands within the Manor and Township of Potter Newton cum Gibton in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

ciii. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands, within the several Parishes of Penrith, Edenhall, Salkeld otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonby, Heskett, Wetheral Hutton, and Newton, the Township of Middlesceugh, and Braithwaite, in the Parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the Townships of Raughton and Gaitskill, and Ivegill in the Parish of Dalston in the Honour of Penrith, and the Forest of Inglewood, or in One of them, in the County of Cumberland. Ibid.

civ. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Kirk Ireton, in the Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow, in the Parish of Wirksworth in the County of Derby. Ibid.

cv. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of Hatton, in the Parish of Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester. 419

cvi. An Act to extend the Provisions of Two Acts, passed in the Thirtyninth and Fortieth, and in the Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to, and to alter and amend the same as to, the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, and all Places within Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London. Ibid.

cvii. An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland. Ibid.

cviii. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation. Ibid.

cix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road leading from the High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon's Water to Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury in the County of Kent. Page 419.

cx. An Act for continuing the Term, and consolidating into One Act, several Acts relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxi. An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames in the County of Surrey, to a Place called Sheetbridge, near Petersfield, in the County of Southampton. 420

cxii. An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Bury in the County of Huntingdon, to a House called the Spread Eagle, in Stratton in the County of Bedford. Ibid.

cxiii. An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the Part of the Devisees in the Will of Mary Foord, late of Stocton in the County of York, Widow, one of the Three Sisters and Coheiresses of John Agar, late of Stocton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested in making a Partition, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of the said John Agar. Ibid.

cxiv. An Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion House and Grounds late of John Cornwall Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Hendon, in the County of Middlesex, and for investing the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Estate to be settled to the same Uses. Ibid.

cxv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Whitwick, and Townships or Liberties of Thringstone and Pegg's Green, in the Parish of Whitwick, in the County of Leicester. Ibid.

cxvi. An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Mosses and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Heversham, in the County of Westmoreland. Ibid.

cxvii. An Act for erecting a new Church to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Minister or perpetual Curate thereof. 421

cxviii. An Act for.amending an Act, passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore Fen, and the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln, and other Low Lands and Grounds laying contiguous or adjoining thereto. Ibid.

cxix. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Elland cum Greenland, in the Parish of Halifax, and West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxx. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in Eastgate, Saint Mary le Wigford, Saint Martin and Saint Swithen, in the City of Lincoln, and in that Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret which lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a Common Pasture for the Purposes therein mentioned. Page 421

cxxi. An Act for explaining, amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with Water; to paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Towns; and to repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a new Court House and Prison, and other necessary public Buildings in the said Towns.

cxxii. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exe Bridge and Countess Wear Bridge. 422

cxxiii. An Act for inclosing and improving a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantwich, in the County Palatine of Chester. Ibid.

cxxiv. An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London. Ibid.

cxxv. An Act for regulating the Markets within the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for improving the Streets and other Places within the said Town. 430

cxxvi. An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of London, by making Docks and other Works at Blackwall, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port. Ibid.

cxxvi. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious; and for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey in the City of Dublin, and also for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to build and repair Bridges over the said River, within certain Limits. 489

cxxviii. An Act for the Improvement of the Town of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town. 502

cxxix. An Act for extending and making the Horse Towing Path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from Bewdley Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Deep Water at Diglis, below the City of Worcester. Ibid.

cxxx. An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near Morwellham Quay, to the Town of Tavistock; and also a certain Collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill Bridge, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

cxxxi. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ravensborne, at or near its Mouth or Outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper Approaches thereto. Page 502

cxxxii. An Act for enlarging and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament for making a Road from New Street, Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool Street, Southwark, to Dock Head and Lilliput Hall Bridge, in Bermondsey, and from the Stones End, in Kent Street, Southwark, to Dartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street, towards Saint Thomas a Waterings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey. Ibid.

cxxxiii. An Act for repairing, altering and widening the Road from a Lane, called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Lowth, in the County of Lincoln. 503

cxxxiv. An Act for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned. Ibid.

cxxxv. An Act for vesting the descended Estates of the most Honourable Wills late Marquis of Downshire, Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, respectively deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be disposed of under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, for Payment of their respective Debts. Ibid.

cxxxvi. An Act for appointing new Trustees for the Purposes of certain Settlements made upon and after the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawell with Mary Curzon, Spinster, now the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stawell, and for other Purposes. Ibid.

cxxxvii. An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Parcels of Land, and Materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the Will of the late James France Esquire, with their Appurtenances, in certain Trustees, upon Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like Uses. Ibid.

cxxxviii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Batley, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxxxix. An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and explain and amend an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for forming, paving, cleansing, lighting, matching, watering and otherwise improving and keeping in Repair the Streets, Squares and other public Passages and Places, which are, and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton; and for including therein certain other small Plots of Grounds in the said Parish therein described. 504

cxl. An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol. Ibid.

cxli. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers. Page 504

cxlii. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre, under certain Restrictions, in the City of Glasgow. 505

cxliii. An Act for altering and enlarging some of the Provisions of an Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County of Middlesex; and for building another Church and Tower for the use of the said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetary or Church Yard; and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing the said Church and other Works. Ibid.

cxliv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beverstone, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

cxlv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory Manor and Township of Dewsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

cxlvi. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties and Precincts of Wroxton and Balscot, in the Parish of Wroxton, in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

cxlvii. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for more effectually lighting, watching and otherwise improving the said Borough, and for preventing Nuisances therein. 506

A

TABLE

Containing the TITLES of all

THE STATUTES,

PUBLICK and PRIVATE,

Passed in the SECOND Session of the SECOND Parliament

OF

The United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland;

44 GEORGE III.

PUBLICK GENERAL ACTS.

1. An Act to continue, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, forty-second, and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

2. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in England.

3. An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon.

4. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the Operation of two Acts of the fifteenth and seventeenth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for restraining the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England; and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta, until six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

5. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof.

6. An Act for suspending, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, the Operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, to continue and amend two Acts, made in the Parliament of Ireland, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within Ireland.

7. An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those purposes respectively, until the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the first Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and four.

8. An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, an Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against his Majesty's Person and Government, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

9. An Act to continue, until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of his Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in force until six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

10. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the forty-first, forty-second, and forty-third Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

11. An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland for prohibiting such Distillation.

12. An Act to continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish, and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

13. An Act to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen, and others, from his Majesty's Service, by Means or under Colour of any Civil or Criminal Process.

14. An Act to amend two Acts, passed in the forty-first and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom; and to allow Spanish Wine to be so landed and warehoused.

15. An Act for raising the Sum of five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

16. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

17. An Act for continuing and granting to his Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices, and Perional Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

18. An Act to explain and amend two Acts passed in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain.

19. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

20. An Act for the Regulation of his Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

21. An Act to continue, until three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and also an Act made in the forty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty for amending the said Act.

22. An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commimoners of his Majesty's Treasury for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain.

23. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

24. An Act for further continuing, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the thirty-third Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

25. An Act to enable his Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, Weybridge, Walton, Walton Leigh, and Chertsey, in the County of Surry, to his Royal Highness Frederick Duke of York and Albany, for a valuable Consideration.

26. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties, and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks.

27. An Act for charging, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into Ireland, of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufactureeof Ireland.

28. An Act for granting to his Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

29. An Act for permitting, until the fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides, Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow, and Wool, (except Cotton Wool,) in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships.

30. An Act to revive and continue, until eight Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

31. An Act for raising the further Sum of two Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

32. An Act for empowering his Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of his Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain.

33. An Act for empowering his Majesty to direct the Augmentation of his Militia Forces in Ireland, to an Extent therein limited.

34. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland.

35. An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt free of Duty to the twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to the Encouragement of the Greenland Whale Fisheries, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; to the permitting Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland, taken by his Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, to the twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five.

36. An Act to amend and continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the forty-first Year of his present Majesty, as relates to allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

37. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents, and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon publick Annuities; and to extend the Times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges made in pursuance of the said Act.

38. An Act For increasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

39. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

40. An Act to revive and further continue, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

41. An Act for defraying, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals, and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

42. An Act to amend an Act, made in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland.

43. An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest.

44. An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom.

45. An Act for raising the Sum of eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

46. An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

47. An Act for raising the Sum of fourteen millions five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities.

48. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

49. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain.

50. An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, for providing for the more speedy Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

51. An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great Britain, while disembodied.

52. An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in the thirty-fourth Year of his present Majesty, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty.

53. An Act for granting to his Majesty, during the present War, and for six Months after the Expiration thereof by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, brought or carried Coastwise, within Great Britain.

54. An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

55. An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed; and for altering the Times of granting Licences to sell such Exciseable Liquors by Retail.

56. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England. I

57. An Act to exempt from Duties on Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

58. An Act for directing certain Publick Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament.

59. An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies, and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the Time limited by an Act made in the thirty-seventh Year of his present Majesty; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates.

60. An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

61. An Act to amend two Acts, made in the eighteenth and thirty-ninth Years of his present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Saint Margaret Street, Union Street, and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Publick.

62. An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William, in Scotland.

63. An Act for vesting the capital Messuage, with the Appurtenances situate in Kevin Street, in the City of Dublin, called The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre's, in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, together with another Sum therein mentioned, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

64. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, the Operation of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions, and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

65. An Act to continue, until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing two Acts, the one passed in the forty-second Year of his present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meal, and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

66. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces, and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of Scotland.

67. An Act for granting to his Majesty, until the twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize herein mentioned, into Ireland, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt, and Tobacco, in Ireland; and for the Increase of certain publick Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency.

68. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

69. An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

70. An Act to enable his Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machine necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of the King of Denmark.

71. An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland called Tokens; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens.

72. An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool.

73. An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

74. An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force to be raised in Ireland, for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces.

75. An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in his Majesty's Service, and for enabling his Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised his Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid.

76. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden.

77. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act, made in the twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandestine Marriages.

78. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Weedon Beck in the County of Northampton, purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

79. An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees for better securing his Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores, at Chatham, and for the Use of his Majesty's Ordnance at Warley Common and Woolwich.

80. An Act for the better Support of his Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues.

81. An Act for enabling his Majesty to raise the Sum of two Millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Use and Purposes therein mentioned. J

82. An Act to obviate certain Inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General's Office in the Court of Chancery, in the Execution of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

83. An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices.

84. An Act to permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Master General, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Master General, and the Barrack Master General, to authorize Persons in their Offices to send Letters free from the said Duty.

85. An Act for further continuing, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the twelfth Year of his present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

86. An Act for reviving, amending, and further continuing several Laws relating to the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

87. An Act to amend an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Years of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England.

88. An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of his present Majesty.

89. An Act for confirming the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the thirty-second Year of his present Majesty, so far as the same prohibits the Import of Malt into Ireland; and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits in Ireland.

90. An Act to continue, until seven Years after the passing thereof and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the twenty-seventh Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at large.

91. An Act to permit the Issue and Negociation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited Sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland; and to restrain the Issue and Negociation of certain other Notes.

92. An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from one Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from one County to another.

93. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

94. An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating and amending the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers,

95. An Act to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act, made in the forty-third Year of his present Majesty, to enable his Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the publick Service.

96. An Act to alter, amend, and render more effectual, an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting his Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England; so far as the same relates to the City of London.

97. An Act for raising the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

98. An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon damped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof.

99. An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by two Acts, passed in the thirty-seventh and forty-second Years of his present Majesty.

100. An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act, passed in the thirty-ninth and fortieth Year of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue within the Port of London; and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks.

101. An Act for permitting, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New Providence, the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked Island, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.

102. An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, by the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testficandum, in certain Cases.

103. An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein.

104. An Act to permit, until the twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused.

105. An Act to continue, until the twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein. 224.

106. An Act for appointing, until the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, which are or have heen lately received in the several publick Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and into the present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing, and accounting for publick Money in Ireland.

107. An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the County of Kent, purchased in pursuance of three several Acts of Parliament, made in the forty-second and forty-third Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, for promoting the Service of his Majesty's Ordnance.

108. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors.

109. An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

110. An Act for granting to his Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

---

i. AN Act for keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunstans Cross to North Lane, near to the City of -

bury, and to the Seaside at Whitstable, in the County of Kent. Page 651

ii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London. Ibid.

iii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from

Odd House, in the county of , to the Cross Post

upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and other Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

iv. An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridge, in the County of the Town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridge, in the County of Leicester. 652

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

v. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullens Pond, in the County of Southampton, to the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned. Page 652

vi. An Act to enable John Boydell Esquire, One of the Aldermen of the City of London, and Josiah Boydell, his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called The Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance. Ibid.

vii. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port London; and another Act passed in the Forty second Year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned Act. Ibid.

viii. An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and other publick Passages and Places, within the Borough of St. Alban, in the County of Hertford.Ibid.

ix. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal. Ibid.

x. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging and altering the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashborne in the County of Derby, to Leek in the County of Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Common, to Congleton in the County of Chester. Ibid.

xi. An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 653

xii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Third and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon

in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the same relate to the Third District of Roads therein mentioned. Ibid.

xiii. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on

the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Withington, in the County of Gloucester. Ibid.

xiv. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Leadenham Hill, in the

(Localfy Personal) 44° GEO. III.

County of Lincoln, to the West End of Barnby Gate, in Newark upon Trent, and from the Guide Post, at the Division of Kelham and Musfcham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to Oxton, in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post. Page

xv. An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon.

xvi. An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock, to Old Town Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Manadon Gate to the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon. Ibid.

xvii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Cowdown, to Newtown River, and also the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton. 654

xviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitechurch, in the County of Salop, to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle under Lyne, and from Hinstock to Nantwich aforesaid. Ibid.

xix. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other publick Passages and Places within the Town of Milton next Sittingborne, in the County of Kent; and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein. Ibid.

xx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hesket by Yewes Bridge to Cockermouth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland. Ibid.

xxi. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of

so much of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin in the County of Forfar. Ibid.

xxii. An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein.

xxiii. An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland. Ibid.

xxiv. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport in the County of Chester, to Lane End, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Lancaster, and in the County of York. 655

xxv. An Act for the better amending and repairing the Road leading from a certain Stone which divides the Liberties of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. Page 655

xxvi. An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Barton, in the Parish of

Eccles, into and through the Township of *, to a Place called Moses Gate, in the Township of all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

xxvii. An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple, for making a more commodious Street at Snotv Hilly and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphan’s Fund, certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts.

xxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Power’s, of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from to Sheffield, and

from Sheffield to the South Side of, in the County of

York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same relates to the Road from

Baxvtry aforesaid to Tinsley, and through Part of the Town of Tinsley to the Place where the same joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield. Ibid.

xxix. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal. Ibid.

xxx. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Third and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to

Sandon, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of

Stafford through Bridgford and Eccleshall, to a Place called Ireland*s Cross, near Woore, in the County of and from

Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the Road between Bridgford and Netuport, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. 656

xxxi. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging

the Powers, of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury The Cross,

Glazeley and the Turnpike Gate on in the

Counties of Salop and Worcester. Ibid.

xxxii. An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the

Right Honourable Arthur Saunders Earl of, and the

Honourable Arthur Saunders, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of, Sligo and

Donegally which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more ffectually raising a sufficient Sum of Money for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands in the Counties

(Localfy Personal) 44° GEO. III.

of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo and Donegall, the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders, Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the Payment of the Debts novo due by them and for other Purposes. Page 656

xxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of

in the Parish of Acklam} in the East Riding of the County of York. Ibid.

xxxiv. An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County. Ibid.

xxxv. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the

Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation. 657

xxxvi. An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, and the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleaning and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a

. new Publick Market therein. Ibid.

xxxvii. An x\ct for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers

of an Act, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of and also, of

several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks.

xxxviii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the

Builthand Hay Turnpike Road near in the County

of Brecon; and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to -

brengy Common, in the said County.

xxxix. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the

Powers, of Two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of Brecon to the Parish of, and to Whitney

Passage, in the County of Hereford, so far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the County of Hereford. Ibid.

xl. An Act for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Svoan Inn, in the Parish of West Bromwin the County of Stafford,

to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfeld, in the County of Warwick. 658

xli. An Act for vesting in John Henry Maw, Esquire, in Fee Simple, certain Estates comprized in an Act of Parliament, of

the

xlviii

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry

Maw, of Warmsworth, in the County of York, Trus-

tees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses; and for, by the present Act, settling a Fee Simple Estate of him the said Henry of greater

Value, to the Uses of the Will of Dorothy deceased, in

lieu of the said first mentioned Estates. Page 658

xlii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddiscoe, in the County of No folk* xliii. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York. Ibid.

xliv. An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Talbot, Lord Dynevor and other Persons, claiming under the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, being Part of the Estates devised by the said Will.

xlv. An Act for the better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the Arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said Arm of the Sea. 677

xlvi. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to raise a further Sum of Money for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a Collateral Cut thereto. 659

xlvii. An Act for the better governing, maintaining and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, for providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. xlviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty, for the amending, repairing and widening several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Hereford, in the said Acts mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor. Ibid.

xlix. An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New Wall, on the Parade, in the Township of Castleton, in the Parish of Rochdale, through Middleton, to the Mere Stone, in the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of Manchester, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster. Ibid.

1. An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining and widening, the Road branching out of the great North Road by the Guide Post

{Local fy Persotial) 44° GEO. III.

at the South End of Spitllegate, in the Parish of in

the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike

Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County. Page 659 li. An Act for altering and amending several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County.

660

lii. An Act for altering, amending and consolidating several Acts, for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Renfrew, Lanark and Ayr; repairing other Roads branching therefrom; and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty, for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of RenfrewIbid.

liii. An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other publick Passages and Places within the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the County of

Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein. liv. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Ruabon Brook to the Ellesmere Canal, at or near the Aqueduct at, in the Parish

of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make

several Cuts or Feeders for better supplying the said Canal with Water. Ibid.

Iv. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Swansea, into the Parish of Oystermouth, in the County of Glamorgan. Ibid.

lvi. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of in the County

of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same. Ibid.

lvii. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Sa 'mt Mary Stratford Bow, in the County of Middlesex. ' 661

lviii. An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes and other publick Passages and Places, within the City of, in the County

of Cumberland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Foot Paths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs; and for otherwise improving the said City. Ibid.

lix. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the West End of Upton Bridge, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn. Ibid.

lx. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirby Kendal, and from Highgate to Market Brough, all in the County of Westmorland. Ibid.

lxi. An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Powers Geo. III. d of

The TITLES of the STATUTES,

of Two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from -gate, in the Parish of Westbury, to, near the

East End of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the county of , so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned. 1

lxii. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, of the Twenty second year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the WiliersleyTurnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkland Mill, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester.

lxiii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North End of Old Malton, in the Town and Borough of Malton, to the Town of

Pickering, in the County of York. 662

lxiv. An Act for reviving the Term, and continuing, altering and enlarging the Powers, -of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of Uttoxeter, in the County of Stafford. Ibid.

lxv. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the Term, and consolidating into One Act, several Ads relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburn Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein mentioned, and for granting other Powers for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads.

lxvi. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two Acts, of the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market in

the County of Leicester, to the City of Coventry. Ibid.

lxvii. An Act for amending, widening, altering and improving the Road leading from the Market Place in Cron ford to the Five Lane Ends at the Guide Post on Hopton Moor, and for setting out and making Two new Roads branching from the said Road, one up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to Newhaven House, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of,

all in the County of Derby. Ibid.

lxviii. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the Top of Bank, in

the County of York. Ibid.

lxix. An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridge, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hill, in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset.

lxx. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to Littleport, and from Littleport

[Local Sf Personal) 44° GECL III.

port to Chequer Corner in Downham in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair certain other Roads. Page 663

lxxi. An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Thomas Cureton Esquire, to carry into Execution certain

Agreements entered into by John Cureton Esquire, his Son, for the Sale of an Estate called, in the County of Salop,

and for the Purchase of an Estate called The, in the

same County. Ibid.

lxxii. An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and, otherwise

cum Woodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of . York.

lxxiii. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of Northumberland. Ibid.

lxxiv. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long,

in the County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Pasture, called Marion Park, within the said Manor and County. Ibid.

lxxv. An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. Ibid.

lxxvi. An Act for amending and repairing several Roads leading from the Guildhall and Market House in Tavistock to Neto Bridge, to Greston Bridge, to Down ton Gate, to Riccard's House, to Cherry Brook and Du Pound, and to Mor-wellhamand New Quay, all in the County of Devon. 66 f

lxxvii. An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street, within the said City. Ibid.

lxxviii. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Staines to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey. Ibid.

lxxix. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodstock to Roll Right Lane, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford. Ibid.

lxxx. An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in Execution of the several Acts for keeping the said Road in Repair. Ibid.

lxxxi. An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff, Elgin, Aberdeen and Inverness; for building Bridges over the River Spey; and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff. Ibid.

The TITLES of the STATUTES.

lxxxii. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a Free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London within certain Places therein mentioned. Page 665

lxxxiii. An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, and the Sixth Year of Queen, for making and keeping navigable the River Torn?, from Bridgewater to, in

the County of Somerset. Ibid.

lxxxiv. An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another Place of Confinement in the said City. Ibid.

lxxxv. An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead. Ibid.

lxxxvi. An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of, and certain Parts ad-

jacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the same; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, so far as the same relates to the West Division thereof, as therein mentioned. Ibid.

lxxxvii. An Act for embanking, draining and improving, certain Lands in the City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of Boultham,

Broxholmef North Carlton, South Carltonf Burton and,

in the County of Lincoln; and for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe.

lxxxviii. An Act for enabling the Officiating Minister for the Time being of the Chapel of Voylas, in the county of , to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel. 666

lxxxix. An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London. Ibid.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Sixteenth Day of November, Anno Domini One thousand eight hundred and two, in the Forty third Year of the

4 Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, 4 King, Defender of the Faith; being the First Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act for further suspending, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Operation of Two Acts, made in the Fifteenth (a) and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within that Part of Great Britain called England.

[17th December 1802.] (a) [Repealed, 48 G. 8. c. 88. § 1.]

CAP. II.

An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland* and for filling up Vacancies therein.

[17th December 1802.]

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing (a) and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[17th December 1802.] (a) [To 24 th June 1804.]

43 Geo. III. B

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

2

C. 4-7.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing (a)and granting to His Majesty a Duty (b) on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England, Wales and the Town of upon

and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[17th December 1802.]

(a) [To 2 5th March 1804.] (b) [4s. in the a£.]

CAP. V.

An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[17th December 1802.]

CAP. VI.

EXP. An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time directed by Law, and for extending the Time limited for those Purposes, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three; to indemnify Members and Officers, in Cities, Corporations and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and three, to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to permit such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three.

[17th December 1802.]

CAP. VII.

EXP. An Act to amend ar Act, made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

provide for the more speedy Payment all, Victualling and Transpor t Bills that shall be issued in future.

[29th December 1802.]

37 G. 3. c .26.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

provide for the more speedy Payment of all, Victualling

and Transport Bills that shall be issued in it is amongst other Things enacted, that every such Bill should carry an ln-

terest after the Rate of Three Pence Halfpenny^- Centum per

i Diem

A.D. 1802.

C. 7, 8, 9.

3

U° GEO. III.

Diem from the Date of the same: And Whereas it is expedient

that such Interest should be lowered as to Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills issued after a certain Period:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, every Bill issued by or under the Authority of the Commissioners of the Navy, Victualling and Transport Offices respectively, bearing Date after the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, shall carry an Interest after the Rate of Three Pence per Centum per Diem and no more, which shall commence from the Date of the same, and shall be paid at the Time when such Bill shall become payable; any Thing in the said Act or any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Navy, Victualling or Transport Bill, issued by or under the Authority of the said Commissioners respectively, in Payment, or part Payment, or in pursuance or performance of any Contract subsisting and in force at the Time of the passing of this Act; but that as to all such Contracts, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners respectively to issue Bills bearing an Interest of Three Pence Halfpenny per Centum per, as if this Act had *iot been made.

[. Regulated, 57 G. 3. c. 30.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for reviving and continuing for Five Years from the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the then ne\t Session of Parliament, certain Acts passed in the Parliament of Ireland, for regulating the Baking Trade in the City and County of Dublin s and for indemnifying all Persons who have acted in pursuance of any of the Provisions of the said Acts, or any of them, (a)

[29th December 1802.] (a) [13 & 14< G.3. c. 47. — I G.2. c. 16. — 29 G. 2. c. 11. — 17 & 18 G. 3. c. 17 — 15 & 16 G. 3. c. 22. — 19 & 20 G. 3. c. 21. — 21 & 22 G. 3. c. 29. — 33 G.3. £.24. — 35 G. 3. c. 42.]

CAP. IX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for defraying the Charge of Pay of the Militia of Ireland, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied, relative to the Pay of Serjeants, Corporals

and Drummers.

[29th December 1802.]

Navy, Victualling and Transport Bills, to carry Interest of 3d. per Cent, per Diem from Date.

Proviso for Bills issued for present subsisting Contracts.

EXP.

4

C. 10, 11, 12.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

CAP. X.

42 G. 3. c. 90.

Dissenting Teachers exempted from Service in the Militia.

An Act to amend so much of an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia

England, and for augmenting as relates to the

Exemption of licensed Teachers of any separate Congregation from serving in the Militia.

[29th December 1802.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending the Laws relating to the Militia in England, and for augmenting the Militia: And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Exemption under the said Act of licensed Teachers of separate Congregations from serving in the Militia: And Whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no licensed Teacher of any separate Congregation, who shall have been licensed Twelve Months at the least previous to the yearly General Meeting appointed by the said recited Act to be held in Octo, shall be liable to serve personally, or provide a Substitute to serve in the said Militia; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XI.

EXP. An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great, and for allowing other Drawbacks and Bounties in lieu thereof, until the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

[29th December 1802.]

[Continued by several Acts, by the last till 1 181

London; and 25th March 1815, for other Parts of 54 G. 3. c. 24. § 5.]

44 On Exportation of Refined Sugar in any other than a British Ship, a less Bounty shall be paid. §3.

[&e<?54 G.3. 57. §4.

44 55 G. 3. c. 31. § 6. 56 G. 3. c. 76. § 3.] Average Prices of Mus covado Sugar shall be ascertained as under 32 G. 3. 43. except being taken at the Days directed by this Act. §5.

CAP. XII.

EXP. An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, several Laws relating to the prohibiting the Exportation and permitting the Importation of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty; to the Relief of Captors of Prizes, with respect to. the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in this Kingdom; and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of Malta.

[29th December' 1802.]

A.D. 1802.

43° GEO. III. C. 13, 14,

5

CAP. XIII.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of January One thou- EXP. sand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act, made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, of Corn, Fish and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

[29th December 1802.]

CAP. XIV.

An Act for continuing, until the First Day of July One thou- EXP. sand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act for regulating, until the fifteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and three, the Prices which Grain, Meal and Flour may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and for permitting, from and after the passing thereof, until the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from Ireland.

[29th December 1802.]

CAP. XV.

An Act to facilitate, and render more easy, the Transportation of Offenders.

[29th 1802.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Provision should be made Continued as i for transferring the Services of Offenders transported in therein men-

His Majesty's Ships or Vessels, in Cases where no Contract is years for Two ‘ entered into, or Security given in respect of such Transportation, j & 2 G.4.

and that His Majesty should therefore be empowered to nominate and appoint Persons to have a Property in the Service of

such Offenders; ’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That whenever his His Majesty- Majesty shall be pleased to give Orders for the Transportation in may, by Sign any Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty of any Offender or Manual, give a Offenders who already have, or hereafter may be sentenced to be se^vicrof'of transported to any Place or Places within his Majesty's Dominions f^ers trans-" beyond the Seas, it shall be lawful for His Majesty, by any Order ported in Ships under His Royal Sign Manual, to give, if he shall think fit, to any belonging to Person or Persons nominated and appointed for that Purpose in His Majesty, such Order, a Property in the Service of any such Offender or thou.t Secu-Offenders, for such Term or Terms of Life or Years, or any Part thdrSTran^ thereof respectively, for which such Offender or Offenders was or portation. were ordered to be transported, as to His Majesty shall seem fit;

and on such Nomination and Appointment, such Offender or Offenders may be delivered to the Person or Persons so nominated

B 3 an d

6

C. 15 — 20.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1802.

and appointed, without any Security being required or given for the Transportation of such Offender or Offenders; and every Person so nominated and appointed, and his or their Assigns, shall have the like Property in the Service of such Offender or Offenders, as if such Person or Persons had contracted and given Security to transport such Offender or Offenders, in the Manner required by 24 G.3. sess.2. the Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, c. 5G. § l. intituled An Act for the effectual Transportation off Felons and other Offenders, and to authorize the Removal of Prisoners certain Cases; and ffor other Purposes therein mentioned; or any other Law now in force; any Thing in the said Act, or any other Act or Acts, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

EXP. An Act for appointing Commissioners to enquire and examine into any Irregularities, Frauds or Abuses, which are or have been practised by Persons employed in the several Naval Departments therein mentioned, and in the Business of Prize Agency; and to report such Observations as shall occur to them, for preventing such Irregularities, Frauds and Abuses, and for the better conducting and managing the Business of the said Departments, and of Prize Agency, in future.

[29th December 1802.]

[. Amended and continued until the End off the then next.

45 G.3. c. 46.

CAP. XVII.

EXP. An Act for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from, and for allowing,

until the fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, other Drawbacks and Bounties instead thereof.

[29th December 1802.]

CAP. XVIII.

EXP. An Act to amend and continue, until the Expiration of Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, the Restrictions contained in several Acts of the Thirty seventh and Thirty eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payment of Cash by the Bank of England.

[28th February 1803.]

[See 44 G. 3. c. 1. continued till 1st May 1823, 59 G.3. c. 49.]

CAP. XIX.

EXP. An Act to authorize the training and exercising the Militia of Great Britain, for Twenty eight Days.

[24th 1803.]

CAP. XX.

EXP. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[24th 1803.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 21 — 25.

7

CAP. XXI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty several Duties therein mentioned, to be levied by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[24th March 1803.]

[Repealed, 52 G. 3. c. 126. § 1.]

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Licences to Persons selling Plats, and on Hats sold by Retail in Ireland.

[24th March 1803.]

[Repealed, 51 G. 3. c. 60.]

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Certificates with respect to the killing of Game in Ireland.

[24th March 1803.] [Repealed, 52 G. 3. c. 126. § 1.]

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts for granting and continuing Duties to His Majesty in Ireland.

, [24th March 1803.]

" Recital of Irish Acts of 40 G. 3. viz. 4.; c. 14.; c. 38.; c. 45.; " c. 25.; c. 62.; and also of Acts, 41 G. 3. (.)c. 33.; c. 93.;

" and c. 100; and 42 G. 3. c.T03. Duties granted by recited " Act 40 G. 3. c. 4. which were continued till March 25, 1803, and not since repealed, and also the Duties granted by the " other above recited Acts (except the Excise Duties on Wines " in Store, under 40 G. 3. (I.) c. 45.) , further continued till March " 25, 1804. — § 1. Produce shall be carried to Consolidated Fund " of Ireland. § 2. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. " § 3.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for any Place in by disabling certain Officers employed in the Collection or Management of His Majesty's Revenues in, from

giving their Votes at such Elections.

[24th March 1803.]

IP OR the better securing the Freedom of Elections of Members Jl? to serve in Parliament; ’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, no Commissioner, Collector, Surveyor, Supervisor, Gauger or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the

B 4 charging,

EXP.

Officers of Revenue in Ireland, rendered incapable of voting in any

8

C. 25.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Ireland.

Vote of such Officers, and for Twelve Months after holding such Offices, void; and Penalty, 1001. and incapacity.

Not to extend to Patent Offices:

charging, collecting, levying or managing the Duties of Excise in Ireland, or any Branch or Part thereof; nor any Commissioner, Collector, Surveyor, Comptroller, Searcher or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying or managing the Duties of Customs in, or

any Branch or Part thereof; nor any Surveyor, Collector, Comptroller, Inspector or other Officer or Person whatsoever concerned, engaged or employed, by or under the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue in Ireland, in the charging, collecting, levying or managing any of the Duties, Taxes or Impositions in Ireland, paid or levied under the Direction of such Commissioners, or any of them; nor any Commissioner, Officer or other Person, concerned or employed in collecting, receiving or managing any of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in nor any Person appointed, by the said last mentioned Commissioners, for distributing of Stamps in; nor any Postmaster

or Postmasters General, or his or their Deputy or Deputies; nor any Person employed by or under him or them in receiving, collecting or managing the Revenue of the Post Office in, or

any Part thereof; nor any Captain, Master or Mate of any Ship, Packet or other Vessel, employed by or under the Postmaster or Postmasters General in Ireland, in conveying the Mail from and to

Ireland, to or from Great Britain, or to or from any other Place whatever; shall be capable of giving his Vote in any Election for the Choice of any Representative in Parliament for any County, City, County of a City, Borough, Town Corporate, University or other Place whatever in Ireland; and if any Person hereby made incapable of voting as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to give his Vote during the Time he shall hold, or within Twelve Calendar Months after he shall cease to hold or execute any of the Offices aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Votes so given shall be held null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and every Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Irish Currency, one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the County, City, Town or Place in Ireland, within which such Offence shall have been committed, to be applied and disposed of to the Use of some public charitable Institution, or to such other charitable Purposes, within the said County, City, Town or Place, as the Justices at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held for such County, City, Town or Place in Ireland, shall think fit, and to be recovered by any Person that will sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege or Wager

of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person against whom any such Penalty shall be recovered, shall become and is hereby declared disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Office in Ireland now held or usually granted to be held by Letters Patent for any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 25 — 28.

9

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to any Person who shall resign his Office or Employment on or before the said first Day of One thousand eight hundred and three.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be liable to any Forfeiture or Penalty by this Act laid or imposed, unless Prosecution for the same be commenced within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be incurred.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity () on His Royal Highness the Prince of, to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six; and for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His Majesty, as directs the Annual Payment of Thirteen thousand Pounds out of the Revenues of the Duchy of Corrmall to the Commissioners appointed by the said Act.

[24th March 1803.]

(a) [60,000^.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[2*1 th March 1803.]

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Letters and Packets sent by the Post within Ireland.

[25th 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland ‘ in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

‘ intituled ‘ An Act for granting to His, Heirs and i Successors, certain Duties and Rates upon the Portage and ‘ veyance of all Letters and Packets within this, certain

‘ Duties of Postage were imposed within, for a Time

‘ therein limited; which Act has been by several Acts of the < Parliament of the United Kingdom continued until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three; and ‘ it is expedient that the said Rates and Duties should be further ‘ continued, and that certain Regulations should be made for the ‘ collecting and levying the same May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, "and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, for the time being, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, Servants and Agents, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to demand, have, receive and take, for the Portage and Conveyance of all

Letters

nor to Persons resigning before June 1, 1803.

Limitation of Actions for Penalties, Twelve Months,

EXP.

Irish Act,

40 G. 3. c. 8.

From March 25, 1803, there shall be paid in Ireland the Bates of Postage herein mentioned.

10

G. 28.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Ship Letters.

British Postage may be received in addition to Rates, and accounted for to Great Britain.

Letters and Packets, which he or they shall convey, carry or send Post to and from Places within I, according to the several Rates and Sums of Money, Irish Currency, hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, For the Port and Conveyance of every Single Letter or Piece of Paper from the Office in, where such

Letter or Piece of Paper shall be put in, to any Distance within the same, not exceeding Fifteen Miles Measure, the Sum of Two Pence; and to any Distance exceeding Fifteen Miles, and not exceeding Thirty Miles, the Sum of Three Pence; and to any Distance exceeding Thirty Miles, and not exceeding Fifty Miles, the Sum of Four Pence; and to any Distance exceeding Fifty Miles, and not exceeding Eighty Miles, the Sum of Five Pence; and to any Distance exceeding Eighty Miles the Sum of Six Pence; and for the Port or Conveyance of every Double Letter, Double the said Sums respectively; and for every Treble Letter, Treble the said Sums respectively; and for every Ounce Weight, Four Times the said Sums respectively; and so in Proportion for any greater Weight than an Ounce, reckoning every Quarter of an Ounce equal to a Single Letter; and that all Letters and Packets, directed from any Place in Ireland to any Part or Parts in Great Britain, or beyond the Seas, or received in from

Great Britain, or any Part or Parts beyond the Seas, shall be

charged and pay for their Portage and Conveyance within Ireland from or to Dublin, Waterford or, or any other Port

where Packet Boats for the Conveyance of Letters to and from Ireland are or may be established, as they shall respectively be shipped from or landed in any of the said Places, according to the Rates aforesaid; and that every Letter or Packet passing through the General Post Office in the City of Dublin from any Place within Ireland, not less distant than Four Miles from the General

Post Office in the said City, to any Place within, not less

distant than Four Miles from the General Post Office in the said City, shall be charged and pay according to the Distances hereinbefore mentioned to Dublin, and be further charged and pay according to the same Rates from Dublin; and that for every Letter or Packet, directed on board or brought or sent from on board any Ship or Vessel riding or stopping in any Port within Ireland, there shall be charged and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, over and above the Rates aforesaid, the Sum of One Penny.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster General, or Postmasters General of Ireland, and his or their Deputies, and he and they are hereby required to demand and receive for the Port and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets for Ireland from Great Britain or Foreign Parts, in addition to the Rates of Postage hereby reserved, such further Rates of Postage as now are, or hereafter shall be charged for the Conveyance of such Letters and Packets by any Act or Acts now made, or hereafter to be made, for charging Postage thereon in Great Britain; and that His Majesty's Postmaster or Postmasters General of shall, and he and they

is and are hereby authorized and required to account for and pay the same quarterly, to the Revenue of the Post Office of Great Britain.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 28.

11

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the Postmaster or Postmasters General of, for

the time being, and his and their Deputies, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, to demand, have, receive and take for the Portage and Conveyance of all Letters and Packets conveyed by the Penny Post in,

according to the several Rates hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say) , that for the Port and Conveyance of any Letter or Packet not being more than Four Ounces in Weight, from and to any Place within the Limits of the Circular Road about the City of Dublin, there shall be paid at the Time of putting such Letter or Packet into the Penny Post Office, the Sum of One Penny; and for the Port and Conveyance of every Letter or Packet not exceeding the like Weight, from or to any Place beyond the said Limits so ascertained as aforesaid, from or to any Place within the Circuit of the Penny Post Office, there shall be paid at the Time of putting in such Letter or Packet, the Sum of One Penny, and a further Sum of One Penny on the Delivery thereof; and that for every Letter or Packet of any Weight, which shall be sent to or delivered from the General Penny Post Office by the Penny Post, from or to any Place not being within the said Limits as before ascertained, there shall be paid the Sum of One Penny over and above, and exclusive of the several Rates chargeable thereon.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Bill of Exchange, Merchant’s Account, Invoice or Bill of Lading, Writ, Process or Proceeding at Law, written upon the same Sheet or Piece of Paper, with a Letter, and every Letter to or from several or distinct Persons, written upon the same Sheet or Piece of Paper, shall be rated, taxed and paid for, as so many several or distinct Letters, according to the several Rates established by this Act, or hereafter to be established by any Act to be passed relative to the Portage of Letters within Ireland.

V. And Whereas Patterns of Cloth, Silk, Stuff and small Sam- pies of other Sorts of Goods, are frequently enclosed in a single Letter or Piece of Paper, and sent by the Post Be it further enacted, That for every single Letter or Cover endorsed on the Outside, " Patterns, " containing One or more Paper or Papers with Patterns, or containing One or more Pattern or Patterns of Cloth, Silk or Stuff, or One or more Sample or Samples of any other Sort of Goods, and containing no other Writing, Matter or Thing, save only what appertains to such Patterns or Samples, if the same together do not exceed One Ounce Weight, the Rates payable for a Double Letter by this Act, or by any Act to be passed relative to the Portage of Letters in, shall be paid,

and no more.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland for the time being, shall cause an Account to be kept of all Monies arising to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by Virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the net Revenue and Monies arising by the Rates and Duties hereby granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, after paying all Charges, Outgoings, Disbursements, Law Proceedings, Expences, and all Salaries necessary for the Receipt and Management of the same,

and

Rates of Postage by the Penny Post Office.

Bills of Exchange, &c. charged as distinct Letters *

Letters with Patterns shall pay as Double Letters.

Account kept of Produce of Duties.

Duties paid into Excheque of Ireland and carried to Irish Consolidated Fund.

12

C. 28.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Neglect or Embezzlement by Postmasters or Officers.

[Penalty.]

No Fees on Money arising under this Act.

Letters or Packets exempt from Postage as under 42 G.3. c. 63.

Adjutant General in Ireland also exempted.

Letters sent under Cover to

and all Expences attending the said Office, and the due Execution of this Act, shall be paid into His Majesty's Exchequer in,

in such Manner, and at such Time and Times, as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall direct and appoint, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Postmaster or Postmasters General of Ireland, now or for the time being, or any Person concerned in the Execution of this Act, shall neglect or refuse to perform any Matter or Thing whatsoever, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; or if they, or any of them, or any other Officer employed by Virtue of this Act, shall embezzle, divert or misapply any of the Monies by them, or any of them, collected or received by Virtue of this Act, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, then, and in every such case, every Person so offending shall forfeit his Office, and be incapable to serve His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Place of Trust or Profit, and shall be liable, for every such Offence, to forfeit and pay Treble the Sum so embezzled, diverted or misapplied.

IX. And be it further enacted, That neither the Six Pence Pound, nor any other Fee, shall be payable to, or be deducted or received by any Officer or Officers employed by Virtue of this Act, to his or their Use, for or on Account of the issuing or Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money arising by, or which shall be received for or on Account of, the Aids hereby granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or of any Payment to be made in pursuance of this Act, but that the same shall be accounted for to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Letters or Packets sent

by the Post in Ireland to or from any Place or Places whatsoever, shall be exempted from paying the Duty of Postage according to the Rates established by this Act, other than and except such Letters and Packets as are excepted, and in such Manner and under such Restrictions as are declared and enacted concerning the same, in and by an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Ne, Post, free from

the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Officers th erein named; and for reducing the Postage on such, Pro-

ceedings and Newspapers, when sent by any other Persons; or except as is hereinafter excepted, declared and enacted.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Adjutant General in Ireland for the time being, to send and receive Letters and Packets by the Post in Ireland, free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner, and under such Restrictions as Persons heretofore or now authorized to send or receive Letters, free from the Duty of Postage, in Ireland, do now send and receive Letters, free from the said Duty of Postage.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in Case any public Officer in Ireland, in the said recited Act of the Forty second

Year

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 28.

13

Year aforesaid, or in this Act mentioned, shall receive under public Officers Cover to him, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the 111 Ireland to Rates granted by this Act, any Letters or Packets intended for or to

directed to other Persons, every such Officer is hereby authorized the post office and required to send the same to the General Post Office in in Dublin. Dublin, in Order that such Letters and Packets may be charged with the Duty of Postage payable thereon; it being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets by such Officers, shall extend to such Letters and Packets only as relate to the Business of their respective Offices, or their own immediate and private Concerns.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Covers containing Muster Affida-Muster Affidavits from the Out Pensioners of the Royal Hospital of Kihnainham, and sent from any Place within, directed Kilmainham

to the Register of the said Hospital, shall be delivered to the said Hospital to pass Register free of the Duty of Postage; provided that every such Free in un-Cover shall be unsealed, and shall contain no other Inclosure, sealed Covers; save and except the said Muster Affidavits; and that all printed Q^rs^ Receipts for the Pay of such Out Pensioners, made up as a Letter u cllbl c or Cover of a Letter, and directed with the Words, "To

Out Pensioner of the Roj^al Hospital of Kihnainham " being printed thereon, and sealed with the Seal of the Paymaster of the said Royal Hospital, shall in like manner be delivered free of Postage to such Out Pensioners within Ireland, to whom they shall be directed respectively, provided such printed Receipts shall not contain any Enclosure; and If containing if any such Receipt, Cover or Muster Affidavit shall be found to any other In-contain any Enclosure whatsoever, contrary to the true Intent and closure, to pay Meaning of this Act, then and in that Case, every such Receipt made Treble‘ up as a Cover or Letter, and every such Cover or Muster Affidavit, shall be charged and liable to Treble the Duty of Postage, according to the Rates established by this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Arid Whereas Frauds may’ be practised in sending Covers, Letters and Packets by the Post in Ireland, directed to Members of Parliament, and other Persons privileged by the said recited Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, or by this Act,

4 to receive Letters and Packets in Ireland, free of the Duty of Postage, containing Letters and Packets intended for others,

and not intended for such Members or other Persons to whom such Covers, Letters and Packets are so directed, whereby the Persons for whom such Letters and Packets are really intended,

may receive such Covers, Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage in Ireland, to the Injury of the Revenue in Ireland For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That it shall and Letters to may be lawful to and for the Postmaster or Postmasters General Members in of Ireland, and all Persons acting under this Act, to charge the con-

whole of such Covers, Letters and Packets, with Treble the Duty of fo^others611^ Postage, according to the Rates established by this Act; any Treble Postage. Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear On Certificate by the Certificate of such Member, that such Cover, Letter or Member, Packet, so charged, was actually intended for such Member, or P°st«Semay for some of his Family, and not covering a Correspondence to any,) e returnech

Person

14

C. 28.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Votes, Proc codings in Parliament, or Newspapers, free of Postage m Ireland.

Time of putting Newspapers into the Post in Ireland.

Single Letters from Noncommissioned Officers and Privates to pay only Id, each;

or if Id. paid in Great Britain, nothing.

Whilst in the Service.

Person not resident in his House, that then, and in every such Case, the Postage so charged and paid for every such Letter, Cover or Packet, shall be returned to such Member.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein

contained shall extend to charge with the Duty of Postage in Ireland any printed Votes, or Proceedings in Parliament, or printed Newspapers, being sent by the Post without Covers, or in Covers open at the Sides, which shall be signed on the Outside thereof by any Member of Parliament, or which shall be directed to any such Member at any Place in, whereof he shall

have given Notice in Writing to the Postmaster General of,

or which shall be sent by certain Officers in the Office of His Majesty's Postmaster or Postmasters General of, who

shall be thereunto licensed by the said Postmaster or Postmasters General respectively, provided such Newspapers shall be so folded as that the Stamp thereon shall be visible; but that all such Votes, Proceedings in Parliament, and printed Newspapers, so sent and signed as aforesaid, shall be received free of the Duty of Postage under this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Newspaper printed in Ireland, shall pass free of Postage, from the General Post Office in Dublin, pursuant to any Notice given in Writing under and by Virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, or of this Act, or from any other Post Office in

Ireland, unless such Newspaper shall be put into such Post Offices of the Cities or Towns in which such Newspapers shall be printed respectively, Two Hours at the least before the Time of the Post being dispatched therefrom.

[to Sections 16, 17.

See 50 G.3. c. 74. § 1.]

XVIII. And Whereas it is expedient, that the Noncom-

missioned Officers, Seamen and Privates, employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery

and Marines, should, whilst on Service, be permitted to send and

(receive single Letters by the Post in, on their own

1 private Concerns, at a low Rate of Postage Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no single Letter sent by the Post in Ireland, from any Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private, employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Marines, shall, whilst such Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman, Marine or Private respectively, shall be employed on His Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable with any higher Rate of Postage than the Sum of One Penny for the Conveyance of every such Letter, such Rate of Postage of One Penny for every such Letter to be paid at the Time of putting the same into the Post Office of the Town or Place in Ir, from whence such Letter is intended to be sent by the Post; and that no single Letter, sent by the Post from any Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private, employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Marines, from any Part of Great Britain to Ireland, shall, whilst such Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman

or Private respectively shall be employed in His Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, be charged or chargeable with any

21 Rate

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 28.

15

Rate of Postage whatsoever in Irela, in Case a Duty of Postage of One Penny shall have been paid thereon in Great Britain.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Letter or Letters sent by the Post from any Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private, employed in His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Marines, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Rate of Postage chargeable upon Letters in Ireland, unless there shall be written upon every such Letter, in the Handwriting of and signed by the Commanding Officer, for the time being, of the Ship or Vessel, or of the Corps, Regiment or Detachment to which each Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private employed in His Majesty's Service, shall respectively belong, the Name of such Commanding Officer, and of the Ship, Vessel, Corps, Regiment or Detachment commanded by him.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said

Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and three, no single Letter, sent by the Post, directed to any Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private in, employed in

His Majesty's Navy, Army, Militia, Fencible Regiments, Artillery or Marines, upon his own private Concerns only, whilst such respective Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private shall be employed in His Majesty's Service, and not otherwise, shall be charged or chargeable with an higher Rate of Postage than the Sum of One Penny for each such Letter; which Sum of One Penny shall be paid at the Time of the Delivery thereof.

XXI. Provided always, and be enacted, That no . such Letter shall be exempted from the Rate of Postage chargeable in Ireland upon Letters, unless every such Letter shall be directed to such Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private employed in His Majesty's Service, specifying the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Troop, Corps, Company or Detachment to which he may belong; and provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Postmaster of the Town or Place in Ireland, to which such Letter shall be sent to be delivered, to deliver such Letter to any Person, except to the Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private to whom such Letter shall be directed, or to some Person employed to receive the same, by the Commanding Officer of the Ship, Vessel, Regiment, Troop, Corps, Company or Detachment, to which the Noncommissioned Officer, Seaman or Private to whom such Letter shall be directed, shall belong.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit the Seal or Handwriting, or make use of the Name of any Person whomsoever, in the Superscription of any Letter or Packet to be sent by the Post in Ireland, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage

there, or shall forge, counterfeit or alter, or shall procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, the Date, Place or any other Part of the Superscription of any such Letter or Packet, or shall write, or cause to be written or sent by the Post in, any

Letter or Packet, the Superscription, or any Part whereof shall be forged, counterfeited or altered, in order to avoid the Payment of the Duty of Postage there, knowing the same to be forged, counterfeited or altered; or if any Person or Persons shall forge, or

coun-

Such Letters shall have the Officer’s Name, &c. on the Direction.

Single Letters to Noncommissioned Officers, Sec.shall

pay only id. it* directed to them at their Ships, &c.

Such Letters shall be delivered only to the Parties themselves, Sec.

Forging or counterfeiting Seal or Superscription, altering Date, or sending forged Frank;

16

C. 28.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

or forging Certificate of Member, &c.;

first Offence, 501. second, 1001. third, Felony, Seven Years’ Transportation. Suspected Franks charged Treble, &c.

No Toll demandable from Coachman, or Post Boy, or Horses, &c. with Mail.

Ferryman to ferry over on Demand.

Gatekeeper of walled Town to open Gates.

Penalty, 20s. or Committal.

counterfeit or alter, or procure to be forged, counterfeited or altered, any such Certificate of any Member of either House of Parliament, as is in this Act mentioned, or of any other Person entitled to the Privilege of sending Letters free of the Duty of Postage, in order to have the Postage charged upon any Cover, Letter or Packet, refunded, every Person so offending, being thereof duly convicted, shall, for the First Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and for the Second Offence, the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and for the Third Offence, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall be transported for Seven Years; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty's Postmaster or Postmasters General of, and his and their

Deputies, and all Persons acting under this Act, to charge any Letter or Packet, the Superscription whereof, or any Part whereof, shall appear to be forged, counterfeited or altered, with Treble the Duty of Postage payable by Virtue of this Act; which Duty shall be levied and paid, unless the Member of either House of Parliament, or other privileged Person, whose Superscription it imports to be, shall certify, by Writing under his Hand, to the Postmaster General, or his Deputies, that such Superscription, and every Part thereof, is of his Handwriting.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver, Ferryman or other Person whatsoever in, ap-

pointed or entrusted, or employed to take or receive the Tolls or Rates at any Turnpike Gate or Bar erected upon any Highways, Bridges or Post Roads, or at any Ferry; or any Person who has or shall have the Care of any Gate of any walled Town, or the Custody of the Keys of such Gate, shall demand and take any Toll or Rate for the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy or Rider, Guard, Servant or other Person, Horses or Carriages, conveying or employed to carry any Mail or Bag of Letters in,

passing through, over or across the same, or shall not permit and suffer the Horses and Carriages, together with the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy or Rider, Guards, Servants and other Persons so employed to pass through such Toll Gates, Bars or Gates, and across such Ferries without Delay; or if any Ferryman shall not within the Space of Fifteen Minutes after Demand made, in all possible Cases, convey the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy, Rider, Guard, Servant and other Persons, together with the Horses and Carriages employed as aforesaid, across such Ferry to the usual Landing Place; or if any Person having the Care of any Gate of a walled Town, or the Custody of the Keys of such Gate, shall not, within Fifteen Minutes after Demand made aloud at such Gate, open the same, and admit the Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy, Rider, Guard, Servant or other Persons, together with the Horses and Horse Carriages employed as aforesaid, such Offender or Offenders being convicted thereof by the Oath of such Coachman, Post Boy, Express Boy or Rider, or other credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Justice of the Peace within the District wherein such Offence shall be committed, which Oath every Justice is hereby authorized and required to administer, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Shillings, to be paid to the Informer; and if the same shall not be forthwith paid upon such Conviction, it shall and may be lawful for every

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C.

17

such Justice, and he is hereby required, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, there to remain until the said Penalty or Forfeiture shall be paid, or for any Time not exceeding the Space of Twenty one Days, nor less than Fourteen Days, from the Time of Commitment, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be sooner paid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Postmaster

or Postmasters General of Ireland, shall cause an Account to be kept of all Tolls payable on Four wheeled Carriages carrying or travelling with His Majesty's Mails at the several and respective Turnpike Gates through which the same shall pass in and

shall from time to time cause the Amount thereof to be paid to the Treasurers of the Turnpike Roads in, to whom the

same are respectively payable, by Four quarterly Payments; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Postmasters

to cause Accounts to be kept, , fyc. c. as under this Section, 59 G. 3. c. 108. § 4.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses,

Provisoes, Powers, Privileges, Disabilities, Penalties, Forfeitures and Modes for the Recovery of the same, and all Matters and Things contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His Majesty's Reign, touching the said General Post Office, and the said Office called The Penny Post Office, intituled ‘ An Act for establishing a Post i Office •within this Kingdom; and also contained in an Act made

in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the said Act passed in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign; and also contained in an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty six th Year of His Majesty's Reign, to further explain and amend the said recited Act passed in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign; and also to explain and amend the said recited Act passed in the Twenty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign; and also contained in an Act made by the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled (An A

the Acts relating to the Post Office, and for further facilitating Prosecutions under the said Acts, ’ or contained in the said recited Act, made in the Forty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any or either of the said Acts, shall be applied and extended, and shall be construed to apply and extend to this present Act, as fulty and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act; save only so far as the said recited Acts, or any of them, are altered, amended or repealed, or as the Matters and Things in the said recited Acts, or any of them contained, are otherwise provided for b}r this present Act, or by any other Act now in force in Ireland.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Duties in this Act specified, mentioned and contained, and all Penalties on any Offences in this Act mentioned, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable, in Irish Currency, whether the same be so expressly mentioned or not.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 27.

[Dutiesrepealed, 45 G.3. 21. See 53 3. c. 58.]

43 Geo. III. C

Postmaster shall keep Account, and pay Tolls to Trustees of Roads, &c.

All Clauses in former Irish Acts, viz. 23 & 24 G.3. c. 17.

2SG.3. c. 13.

36G. 3. c. 7.

33 G.3. c. 47. and in 42 G.3. c.G3. extended to this Act, except as altered, repealed, or amended, &c.

Duties, and Penalties to be paid in Irish Currency.

18

C. 29.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. XXIX.

EXP. An Act to revive and continue, until the First Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the-Reign of His present Majesty, for establishing Courts of Judicature in the Island of Newfoundland; to continue several Daws relating to the preventing the clandestine Running of uncustomed Goods, and for preventing Frauds relating to the Customs, to the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the suspending certain countervailing Duties granted by an Act for carrying into Execution the Treaty with, to the Twenty fifth

Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish, in Bulk or in Barrels, and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four; to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of Man, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four; to the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain, to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six; to the importing Salt from Europe into the Province of Quebec, in, to the

Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the free Importation of Cochineal and Indigo, to the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, to the Twenty ninth Day One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Encouragement of the Silk Manufactures, to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; to the Duties on Spirits made in, and

imported into England, to the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America, to the Twenty fourth Day of One thousand eight hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

[25th March 1803.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 30.

1

CAP. XXX.

An Act to entitle Roman Catholicks taking and subscribing the Declaration and Oath contained in the Act of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described from certain Penalties and Disabilities to which or Persons professing

the Popish Religion, are by Lem, to the Benefits

given by an Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for relieving His Majesty's Subjects professing Popish from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them by an Act

made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third; intituled An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery’.

[7th April 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for further preventing the Growth of Popery; Persons educated in the Popish Religion, or professing the same, under the Circumstances therein mentioned, were disabled from inheriting or taking by Descent, Devise or Limitation, in Possession, Reversion or Remainder, any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales and Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed, and Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion were disabled from purchasing any Manors, Lands, Profits out of Lands, Tenements, Rents, Terms or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales or Town of Berwick-upon-Tweed; and all Estates, Terms and other Interests or Profits whatsoever, out of Lands to be made, suffered or done, to or for the Use or Behoof of any such Person or Persons, or upon any Trust or Confidence mediately or immediately for the Relief of any such Person or Persons, were made void, and other Penalties and Disabilites were thereby imposed on Persons professing the Popish Religion: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

intituled An Act for relieving Majesty's Subjects professing the Popish Religion from certain Penalties and Disabilities imposed on them, by an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled Act for the further preventing the Growth of the said recited

4 Parts of the said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, were repealed in favour of all Persons who should take the Oath prescribed by the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the R.eign of His present Majesty,

4 in manner therein mentioned: And Whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act- to relieve, upon Conditions and under Restrictions, the Persons therein described-from cettain Penalties and Disabilities, to which Papists or 1 the Popish Religion are by Law subject, ' it was enacted, that

C2 4 it

EXP.

Stat. 11 & 12 W.3. c. 4. § 4.

18 G.3. c. 60. § I-

31 G.3. c. 32. § 1.

20

c. 30 — 33.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

The Declaration and Oath, contained in 31 G.3. c. 32. to operate as Oath under 18 G. 3. c. 60.

EXP.

4 it should be lawful for Persons professing the Roman C-atholick Religion, to take, make and subscribe the Declaration and Oath therein expressed and contained at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned, and the Persons taking, making and subscribing the same Declaration and Oath, were by the said Act 4 relieved from several of the Penalties and Disabilities to which Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion were then subject; but nothing contained in the said Act of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relieves the Persons taking, making or subscribing the Declaration and Oath thereby prescribed, from the Penalties and Disabilities imposed by the ‘ said Act of the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of His Majesty King William the Third, so that to be relieved therefrom, it is still necessary that Persons professing the Roman Catholick Religion should take and subscribe the Oath expressed and contained in the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, which some such Persons have by mistake neglected to do, and therefore still continue subject to the said Penalties and Disabilities May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this present Act, the Declaration and Oath expressed and contained in the said Act of the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall, as to all Persons who have made, taken and subscribed the same, or who at any Time or Times hereafter shall make, take or subscribe the same, in the Manner therein mentioned, give the same Benefits and Advantages, and be and operate to and for the same Intents and Purposes, as in and by the said Act, and by the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, is enacted, expressed and declared, of and concerning the Oath thereby prescribed.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for establishing certain Regulations in the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty's Woods, Forests, Parks and Chases.

[7th April 1803.]

[Repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 142. § 1.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenla?id YVhale Fishery to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports, for the present Season.

[7th April 1803.]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act to repeal certain Parts of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for the more speedy and effectual Enrolment of the Militia of Ireland; and for filing up Vacancies therein ', and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[7th. April 1803.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 34, 35.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to continue, until the Eight Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act to continue until the Eighth Day of April thousand eight hundred and three, an Act passed in last Session Parliament, ‘/or staying Proceedings Actions lender the Statute of King Henry the Eighth, "abridging " ritual Persons from having Pluralities Livings, and " taking of Perms f and also slay Proceedings under the Act of the Thirteenth Year oj Queen Elizabeth, 4 touching Leases of Benefices, and other Ecclesiastical Livings, with Cure.’ [7th April 1803.]

CAP. XXXV.

An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, for further promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich.

[7th April 1803.]

Statute 4-2 Geo. 3. c. 89. recited.

AND Whereas it is found expedient for carrying the Purposes mentioned in the said Act fully into Effect, to purchase the Lands and Hereditaments hereinafter mentioned: And Whereas the Purchases of the said Lands and Hereditaments by the said recited Act vested in the said Trustees therein named, have not been proceeded in, nor hath any Commission been yet granted by His Majesty pursuant to the said Act, it having been found essential and necessary for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance at Woolwich, still further to extend and enlarge the Premises occupied and employed in the said Service, and for that Purpose to purchase such other Lands and Hereditaments

‘ for the Use of the said Service, as hereinafter mentioned: And 4 Whereas the Lands, Rights and Interests to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, are or may be vested in or belonging to Infants, Femes Coverts, Trustees or other Persons who by Law 4 are disabled to make any Contracts or Conveyancesin all which Cases, as likewise when any Owners or other Persons entitled to or interested in the same, designing to obstruct the publick Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, 4 insist on extravagant Rates, it will be necessary to have Recourse to the same Methods as in the said recited Act are directed to be had with respect to the Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that Piece or Parcel of Land containing by Admeasurement Two Acres Two Roods and One Perch or thereabouts, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Wood's Piece near the Bam; and also all that Piece or Parcel ot Land called Cottage, containing

by Admeasurement Two Roods and Two Perches or thereabouts;


21

EXP.

Sec also c. 65. of this Ses.]

The Premises herein described vested in Trustees for the Owners, until their Interests therein shall be

22

C. 35:

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

determined, and an(t a^so a^ that other Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of a Close or Purchase Mo- Field called Chimney Field, with the Westward Farm Yard thereto ney paid. adjoining and belonging, containing by Admeasurement Eight

Acres Three Roods and Thirty five Perches or thereabouts; and also all those Three small Cottages erected on the said last mentioned Piece or Parcel of Land, and now in the several Occupations of Thomas Penn, Jeremiah Miles and John Price; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called Conduit containing by

Admeasurement Four Acres Two Roods and Thirty seven Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, containing by Admeasurement Two Roods and Eighteen Perches or thereabouts, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Heath Field; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Eastward Farm Yard, with the Stables and Buildings thereon erected, containing by Admeasurement One Rood and Eleven Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land called The Stack Yard, containing by Admeasurement Two Roods and Nineteen Perches or thereabouts; and also all that small Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Occupation of Thomas Penn, containing by Admeasurement Twenty four Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other small Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Occupation of Jeremiah Miles, containing by Admeasurement Seventeen Perches or thereabouts; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land hereinbefore mentioned, are in the Tenure and Occupation of and also

all that other Piece or Parcel of Garden Ground in the Tenure and Occupation of Joseph Wellard, containing by Admeasurement Two Roods and Thirty seven Perches or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Garden and other Ground, with the Two Messuages or Tenements thereon erected and built, in the Tenure and Occupation of Alexander Bryson, containing by Admeasurement One Rood and Sixteen Perches or thereabouts; and also all that triangular Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Mulgrave Place Field, in the Tenure and Occupation of the said Joseph Wellard, and containing by Admeasurement Three Roods and One Perch or thereabouts; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part and Parcel of a Close or Field called Rush Grove, with the Two Cottages thereon erected and built; and also a small quadrangular Piece or Parcel of Ground, situate at the South East Corner of the Eastward Farm Yard hereinbefore mentioned, in the Tenure and Occupation of Henry Rideout, containing by Admeasurement Three Roods and Twenty Perches or thereabouts; all which said several Pieces or Parcels of Land, Messuages or Tenements, Cottages and Gardens hereinbefore mentioned, are the Property of John Bowater Esquire, and are abutted and bounded as follows; (that is to say,) on the South by Lands particularly mentioned and described in the said Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, and now called or known by the several Names of the Barrack Field and the New Barrack , and on the West and North by other Lands of the said John Bowater, from which the same have been lately separated or marked off by Pickets, and terminating in a Point at the East End in Love Lane; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Land, being Part of the Waste or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 35. 23

Common Lands of the Manor of Charlton called Little,

containing in Length from the Stile at the North West Corner of Little Heath Field, and from thence proceeding in the Coarse of the present Footpath there, to the public Highway leading from Charlton to Woolwich Common, along the North Side of Lady

Wilsons Park Wall, Four hundred and seventy Yards or thereabouts, and in Width Thirty Feet or thereabouts; and which said Piece or Parcel of Land lastly above described, it is intended to convert into a public Carriage Road leading from Woolwich to Charlton; and also all that Piece of Waste Land, containing by Estimation Eighty Acres or thereabouts (be the same more or less) , commonly called Woolwich Common, situate in the Parish of Woolwich in the said County of Kent; and all the Estates, Rights and Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of any Person or Persons in, upon, over or out of the same (other than and except the Estate, Right and Interest of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, of, in and to the same Piece of Waste Land; and also except all Messuages, Tenements, Edifices, Buildings, Yards, Gardens and Inclosures whatsoever, now erected, built or made upon or from the same; and also except all ancient and accustomed Highways, Roads, Paths and Passages upon or over the same); all which said Piece of Waste Land called Woolwich Common is Parcel of the Waste Lands of the Manor of which Manor

is now held by Sir John Gregory Shaw Baronet, under a Lease from the Crown, for a Term of Years, which will expire in or about the Year One thousand eight hundred and ten; and which said Piece of Waste Land (except the said Messuages, Tenements, Edifices, Buildings, Yards, Gardens and Inclosures, and all Timber and other Trees; and also except all Common of Pasture and Turbary, and other Common Rights and Privileges thereon of and belonging to the said Sir John Shaw, and the Freehold Tenants and other Persons of or within the said Manor of and all

such Plighwaj's, Roads, Paths and Passages as aforesaid, and also except all Courts Leet and Baron, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Goods and Chattels of Felons, Fugitives and Outlaws, Estovers and Commons of Estovers, Free Warren, and all other the Manorial Rights, Jurisdictions, Franchises, Liberties and Advantages whatsoever, belonging to the said Sir John Shaw, as Lord of the said Manor) , was by Indenture of Lease, bearing Date the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and one, demised by the said Sir John Shaw to the principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance, in Trust for the Use of His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, from Michaelmas then last, for the Term of Seven Years, at and under the yearly Rent of Twenty one Pounds, and under and subject to certain Covenants and Restrictions therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Charles Abbot, Sir Edward Knatchbull, and Filmerand their Heirs, in

Trust nevertheless for such Person or Persons as, at~ or immediately before the Time of making this Act, were the several and respective Owners thereof, or had any Rights or Interests therein, according to their several Estates, Rights and Interests, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise, until such Estates, Rights and Interests shall be respectively adjudged or determined, and until

the

24

C. 85.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

On Payment of the Purchase Money agreed j’or or assessed, Premises shall vest in the Trustees for the Use of His Majesty.

Ancient Roads shall not be stopped up.

Commissioners appointed under recited Act may determine all Titles and Rights to Premises, &c.

the Purchase Monies for the same, that shall be agreed upon or assessed as the true Value thereof shall be paid; and that the said Purchase Monies shall be pajd and applied to such and the same Uses, Intents and Purposes, as the said Estates, Rights and Interests so vested in the abovementioned Trustees, were limited and settled previous to the passing of this Act, so far as the Rules of Law will allow thereof; and that in the meantime the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees to, and all such Rights and Interests as aforesaid shall be held and enjoyed by, such Person or Persons as were entitled to have, receive, hold and enjoy the same respectively, and in such Proportions, Manner and Form as the same were payable, and were held and enjoyed, previous to the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, immediately from and after the Time that Payment shall be made of the Sum and Sums of Money to be agreed for or assessed, and which shall be decreed and adjudged to the Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the Lands and Hereditaments vested by, and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act or any of them, the Trustees hereinbefore mentioned and their Heirs, shall be deemed and adjudged to stand seised of the said Premises respectively, to and for the Use of Elis Majesty, His Eleirs and Successors, for ever, freed and discharged of and from all and all manner of Estates, Leases, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, which can or may be had, made or set up, into, out of or upon, or in respect of the same Lands and Hereditaments, by any Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or any Person or Persons whomsoever, on any Account whatever.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no ancient and accustomed Highways, Roads, Paths or Passages, in, over or upon the said Lands vested by, and to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, shall be stopped up, altered or diverted, other than and except in such manner as the same respectively might by Law have been stopped up, altered and diverted in case this Act had not been passed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for.His Majesty, in and by any Commission or Commissions which shall or may be granted by His Majesty in pursuance of the said recited Act, to authorize and direct that the Commissioners to be therein named, or any Five or more of them, shall and may hear and determine all Titles, Rights, Claims and Interests which shall or may be made to, upon, over or out of, as well the Lands and Hereditaments intended to be purchased by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parcel thereof, as those which shall or may be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act; and the said Commissioners so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, shall and may in all Things act in the Execution of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as they can or may act in the Execution of the said recited Act; and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Regulations and Clauses in the said recited Act contained, shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used and applied, extended and construed, in like manner, in all respects, as if the same respectively had been repeated and specially enacted in this Act.

[See Compensation to certain Proprietors <J 44 G. 3. c. 107.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 36 — 39.

25

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of Four Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[22d April 1803.]

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to enable FI is Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Rear Admiral Sir James Saumar Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, in Consideration of his eminent Services which he has performed on various Occasions.

[22d 1803.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act to provide, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, for the more speedy and effectual Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

[22d April 1803.]

{Continued until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, 44 G. 3. c. 50.

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for appointing Commissioners for distributing the Money stipulated to be paid by the United States of America, under the Convention made between His Majesty and the said United States, among the Persons having Claims to Compensation out of such Money.

[22d 1803.]

" Convention with America, 8th 1802. Commissioners

" appointed. § 1. Their Oath. §2. Parties or Witnesses may " be examined on Oath. § 3. Commissioners may send, for Persons and Records, and appoint Officers, &c. §4. Written Depositions, See. may be received in Evidence. § 5. Persons giving false Evidence, subject to the Pains of Perjury. § 6. No " Claim to be received after June1, 1804. §7. Commissioners " shall give an Account of their Proceedings to the Treasury, &c. " § 8. Treasury to issue Money necessary for carrying Act into " Execution. §9. Flis Majesty may supply Vacancies occasioned " by Death or Resignation of Commissioners during the Recess " of Parliament. § 10. The Instalments of the 600,000l. when " paid in America, to be remitted to the Bank of England, subject to the Order of the Commissioners. §11. When Claims " are ascertained, Order shall be made out for Payment. § 12. " Notice of such Remittances or Orders for Payment shall be u published in the London Gazette. § 13. Orders of Commissioners sufficient Authority to the Bank. § 14. Orders may be " transferable — Free from Stamps. § 15.

[See 48 G. 3. c. 21.]

EXP.

EXP.

26

C. 40 — 45.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

Recital of Riots at Elections for

CAP. XL.

An Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of

Grenada and St. Vincent.

[17th May 1803.]

CAP. XLI.

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[17th 1803.]

CAP. XLII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, so much of an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to certain Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, for permitting British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused, and for regulating and allowing Drawbacks on Sugar exported, as relates to repealing the Duties on Sugar and Coffee exported, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused.

[17th May 1803.]

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein.

[17th May 1803.]

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to amend and continue (until Three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease) , an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland.

[17th May 1803.]

[See 44 G.3. c. 21. — 54 G. 3. c. 130. — 55 3. c. 41. — 58 3.

c. 60. — 59 G.3. c. 99. — 1 & 2 G.4. c. 27.

CAP. XLV.

An Act for the more effectually preserving the Peace, and securing the Freedom of Election, in the Town of

ham., and County of the said Town.

[17th May 1803.]

WHEREAS, of late Years, many Riots and Disturbances of

the public Peace have taken place within the Town and

‘ County

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 45.

27

4 County of the Town of Nottingham; and at the late Election 1 of Members to serve in Parliament for the said. Town and 1 County, the Freedom of such Election was, by great Riots and ‘ Disturbances, grossly violated, and a great Number of Electors were deterred from exercising their Franchise by voting at such Election: And Whereas the said Town and County of the said Town were formerly Part of the County of, but

have been separated and made distinct therefrom, and exempted from the Jurisdiction of the Magistrates of the said County of Nottingham; and the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town of Nottingham are Justices of the Peace in and for the said Town and the County of the said Town: And Whereas the said distinct and exclusive Jurisdiction has been found ineffectual for preserving the Peace and securing the Freedom of Election within the said Town and County of the said Town:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Nottingham for the time being, and they are hereby required to act as Justices of the Peace in and for the said Town and County of the said Town of Nottingham; and such Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of, are hereby

authorized and empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in and for the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham, in as full and ample Manner as they could or might have done if the said Town and County of the said Town had not been made a distinct County, but had continued to all Intents and Purposes Part of the said County of Nottingham, and as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as the Mayor and Aldermen of the said Town and County of the Town of, or any

or either of them, as Justices of the Peace, before the passing of this Act, have used and exercised within the said Town and County of the said Town, or any Part thereof, any Charter, Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Persons whatever, either within the said County of Nottingham at large, or within the said Town of Nottingham and County of the said Town, who may at any Time hereafter be lawfully authorized, appointed or required, by any of the said Justice or Justices, as such Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Town and County of the Town of Nottingham by virtue of this Act, to do any Act, Matter or Thing, are hereby authorized and required to act in pursuance of such Authority, Appointment or Requisition, in the same Manner, and under and subject to the same Pains and Penalties for Disobedience thereof, and under the same Protection and Privileges, as to any Act, Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance thereof, as if such Act, Matter or Thing respectively, were or had been done, or were or had been authorized, appointed or required, within the said County of Nottingham at large.

" Recital that the ensuing Election for a Member may be previous

" to the Midsummer Quarter Sessions. Persons taking out their

44

the Town of Nottingham.

Justices for the County of Nottingham may act as Justices for the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham;

and Persons authorized by them shall act in pursuance of such Authority, &c.

28

C. 45, 46.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

No Person shall be arrested on Process of any Court in England or Ireland, for a Cause of Action not originally sufficient to require Bail.

Persons arrested on Mesne Process, instead of giving Bail, may deposit with the Sheriff’, &c. the Sum indorsed on the Writ, with 101. to answer Costs, &c.

Such Deposit shall be paid into Court, and on the Defen d-

" Dedimus Potestatem previous to such Election, enabled to take " the Oath of Qualification before Two Magistrates, instead of at " the Sessions. § 2.

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious Arrests and Suits; and to authorize the levying of Poundage upon Executions in certain Cases.

[27th May 1803.]

‘ T?OR the more effectual Prevention of frivolous and vexatious ‘ jL Arrests, and for the Relief of Persons imprisoned on Mesne ‘ Process:’ Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, no Person shall be arrested or held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of any Court, within those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and, for a

Cause of Action not originally amounting to such Sum for which such Person is, by the Laws now in being, liable to be arrested and held to Bail, over and above and exclusive of any Costs, Charges and Expences that may have been incurred, recovered or become chargeable in or about the suing for or recovering the same, or any Part thereof.

II. And Whereas it does and may happen that Persons arrested upon Mesne Process may not be able to find sufficient *Sureties for their Appearance at the Return of the Writ, and ‘ yet may be able to make a Deposit of the Money for which they ‘ are so arrested, together with a competent Sum for Costs: And Whereas it is expedient that Persons arrested should, upon making such Deposit, be permitted to go at Large until the Return ‘ of the Writ without finding Bail to the Sheriff for their Appearance at the Return thereof; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons who shall, from and after the First Day of June> in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, be arrested upon Mesne Process, within those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Ireland, shall be allowed in lieu of giving Bail to the Sheriff, to deposit in the Hands of the Sheriff' by delivering to him, or to his Under Sheriff, or other Officer to be by him appointed for that Purpose, the Sum indorsed upon the Writ by virtue of the Affidavit for holding to Bail in that Action, together with Ten Pounds in Addition to such Sum to answer the Costs which may accrue or be incurred in such Action up to and at the Time of the Return of the Writ; and also such further Sum of Money, if any, as shall have been paid for the King’s Fine upon any original Writ; and shall thereupon be discharged from such Arrest as to the Action in which he, she or they shall so deposit the Sum indorsed on the Writ; and that the Sheriff shall, in every such Case, at or before the Return of the said Writ, pay into the Court in which such Writ shall be returnable the Sum of Money so deposited with him as aforesaid; and thereupon, in case the

Defendant

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

CAG.

29

Defendant or Defendants shall afterwards duly put in and perfect ant s perfecting Bail in such Action according to the Course and Practice of such # ^ondBail Court, the Sum of Money so deposited and paid into Court as not being put aforesaid shall, by Order of the Court, upon Motion to be made in, be paid over for that Purpose, be repaid to such Defendant or Defendants; but to the Plaintiff, in case the Defendant or Defendants shall not duly put in and by Order of perfect Bail in such Action, then and in such Case the said Sum ourt* of Money so deposited and paid into Court as aforesaid, shall, by Order of the Court, upon a like Motion to be made for that Purpose, be paid over to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, who shall be thereupon authorized to enter a Common Appearance, or file Common Bail for such Defendant or Defendants, if the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall so think fit; such Payment to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be made subject to such Deductions, if any, from the Sum of Ten Pounds deposited and paid to answer the Costs as aforesaid, as upon the Taxation of the Plaintiff’s Costs, as well of the Suit as of his Application to the Court in that Behalf, may be found reasonable.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Wherever

in all Actions to be brought in England or, from and after

the said First Day of June, in the said Year of our Lord One Amount of the thousand eight hundred and three, wherein the Defendant or De- Sum for which fendants shall be arrested and held to Special Bail, and wherein Defendant was the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs shall not recover the Amount of the Sum he\d to Bail for which the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall have ^CauL^e" been so arrested and held to Special Bail, such Defendant or Defendant shall be fendants shall be entitled to Costs of Suit, to be taxed according entitled to Costs to the Custom of the Court in which such Action shall have been under a Rule brought; provided that it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of Court. __ of the Court in which such Action is brought., upon Motion to beC. made in Court for that Purpose, and upon hearing the Parties b -Affidavit, that the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action had not any PtdtujLsfvxd '

reasonable or probable Causg. for causing the Defendant or De-

fendants to Be arrested and held to Special Bail in such Amount

= y»-

as aforesaid, and provided such Court shall thereupon, by a ilule<y ^-+1"

or Order of the same Court, direct that such Costs shall be al-^7^ lowed to the Defendant or Defendants; and the Plaintiff or Plain-^'-^'-y tiffs shall, upon such Rule or Order being made as aforesaid, be disabled from taking out any Execution for the Sum recovered in

any such Action, unless the same shall exceed, and then in such/b*/*^ L Sum only as the same shall exceed the Amount of the taxed Costs of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action; and in case the JJy\

Sum recovered in any such Action shall be less than the Amount . J

of the Costs of the Defendant or Defendants to be taxed as afore- ' ~ ' 'v' *

said, that then the Defendant or Defendants shall be entitled, after deducting the Sum of Money recovered by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action from the Amount of his or their Costs so to be taxed as aforesaid, to take out Execution for such Costs, in like Manner as a Defendant or Defendants may now by Law have Execution for Costs in other Cases.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authorit}' aforesaid, That In Actions on

in all Actions which shall be brought in England or, from Judgments,

and after the said First Day of June, in the said Year of our Lord not

One thousand eight hundred and three, upon any Judgment re- en u u to

covered,

30

C. 46, 47.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Costs, unless by Rule of Court.

Poundage and Expence of Execution levied beyond Judgment.

On Mesne Process, after Return thereof, Defendants in Custody may, in Vacation, justify Bail before One Justice.

covered, or which shall be recovered, in any Court in England or Ireland, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action on the Judgment, shall not recover or be entitled to any Costs of Suit, unless the Court in which such Action on the Judgment shall be brought, or some Judge of the same Court, shall otherwise order.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of June, in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, in every Action in which the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be entitled to levy under an Execution against the Goods of any Defendant, such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs may also levy the Poundage Fees and Expences of the Execution over and above the Sum recovered by the Judgment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said First Day of June, One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Defendant shall be taken, detained or charged in Custody at the Suit of any Person or Persons upon Mesne Process issuing out of any of His Majesty's Courts of Records at Westminster or Dublin, and shall be imprisoned or detained thereon, after the Return of such Process, it shall and may be lawful for such Defendant in Vacation Time only, and upon due Notice thereof given to the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Process, to put in and justify Bail before any one of the Justices or Bgrons of the Court out of which such Process shall have issued, who may, if he shall think fit, thereupon order a Rule to issue for the Allowance of such Bail, and may further order such Defendant to be discharged out of Custody by Writ of Supersedeas, or otherwise, according to the Practice of such Court, in like Manner as the same is and may be done by an Order of Court in Term Time.

[Provisions of this Act extended by 51 3. c. 124., which is

continued until 1st of November 1823, by 57 G. 3. c. 101.

CAP. XLVII.

"[SeeCap. 89./o^ An Act for consolidating and amending the several Laws for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men of -land when called out into actual Service.

[27th May 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that many of the Provisions contained in several Acts relating to the Relief directed to be given to the Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers, Fifers and Privates, serving in the Militia for should be re-

pealed, and others of them continued and amended, and that new Provisions should be made; and it would greatly tend to the better Execution thereof, if the whole of the said Provisions were comprized in One Act of Parliament: And Whereas it is necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, that certain Acts and ‘ Parts of Acts now in force should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled An Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen by Lot to serve in t Kingdom, and of Substitutes

Scotland, and c. 142. for land.]

33 G.3. c. 8.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 47.

31

stitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act liament, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present intituled, ‘An Act for amending and reducing One Act of ‘ Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia that Part of

‘ Great Britain called England); and also an Act, passed in the Thirty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of,

intituled iAn Act to provide for the Families of Persons chosen £ by Lot to serve in the Militia of this, and of Substitutes

1 serving therein; and to explain and amend Act of -

1 merit, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present,

intituled uAn Act for amending and reducing into One Act of

i " Parliament, the Laws relating to the Militia in that Part of

1 " Great Britain called England’and also an, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled ‘ An Act for augmenting the Militia'); and also an Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (intituled Act to apportion the Relief by the several Statutes now in force directed to be given to the Families of Noncommissioned, Drummers,

Fifers and Privates serving in the, between the County at

large and the peculiar Districts, not contributing to the

County Rate, according to the Number of Men serving for each such Militia; and to remove certain Difficulties in respect to the Relief of Families of Substitutes, Men or Volunteers serving in the Militia); and also an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majest} ', (intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act. passed in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled i An Act to provide for the Families of ‘ Persons chosen by Lot to serve the Militia of this,

and of Substitutes serving therein; and to explain and amend an Act of Parliament, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present

‘ Majesty, intituled " An Act for amending and reducing into One

" Act of Parliament, the Laws relating the Militia in that

1 u Part of Great Britain called England" !); shall be and the same

are hereby repealed; save and except as to all Cases relating to the Repayment or Reimbursement of any Sum or Sums of Money heretofore advanced or paid under any or either of the said Acts; and to the allowing, accounting for, or recovering of any such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Arrears thereof, which may remain not repaid, reimbursed, allowed, accounted for or recovered; or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That If any Person serving or enrolled in the Militia of England, as a Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer, or as a ballotted Man or Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer respectively, shall, when embodied and called out into actual Service, leave a Family unable to support themselves, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything or Township where the Family of such Person shall dwell, shall, by Order of some one Justice of the Peace, pay to the Family of every such Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer respectively, out of the Rates for the Relief of the Poor of such Parish, Tything or Township, a weekly Allowance, according to the usual and ordinary Price of

Labour

34 G. 3. c. 47.

35 G. 3. c. 81. and

36 G.3. c. 114. repealed, except as to Reimbursements and Accounts.

The Families of Militia Men in England, called out into actual Service, shall receive a weekly Allowance out of the Poor Rates;

C. 47.

A.D. 1803.

or under a new Rate.

Michaelmas Quarter Sessions may regulate Rate of Allowance.

No Allowance till the Man has joined his Corps, nor longer than he shall remain in actual Service, nor Wife following the Corps, &c. unless under Certificate.

No Allowance to Family of Substitute, hired Man, or Volunteer, on any false Declaration, except on certain Conditions:

Labour in Husbandry within the said County, Riding, Division, District or Place where such Family shall dwell, by the following Rule; that is to say, any Sum not exceeding the Price of One Day’s such Labour, nor less than One Shilling, for each and every Child born in Wedlock, and under the Age of Ten Years; and for the Wife of such Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer, ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, whether he shall or shall not have any Child or Children, any Sum not exceeding the Price of One Day’s such Labour, nor less than One Shilling; and in every Parish, Tything or Township, where the Money arising by such Rates shall not be sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, a new Rate or Rates shall be made for raising a Sum sufficient for that Purpose.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, assembled at any Michaelmas General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held for any County, Riding, Division or Place in England, raising any Militia, to settle, ascertain and regulate the Rate of Allowance to be paid under this Act to the Families of Militia Men resident within such County, Riding, Division or Place; and every such Rate of Allowance so settled, ascertained and regulated as aforesaid, shall be binding upon all Justices of the Peace making any Order for the Payment of Allowance under this Act in such County, Riding, Division or Place, until any other or new Rate of Allowance shall be settled as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance shall be ordered or paid under this Act, to the Wife or Family of any Person serving in the Militia, until such Person shall have joined the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which he belongs, or for any longer Period than such Person shall continue to serve and remain embodied in actual Seiwice, nor in any Case in which the Wife, in respect of, or by whom any such Relief is demanded, shall follow the Regiment, Battalion or Corps in which her Husband shall serve, or shall leave her Child or Children, if any, qr depart from her Home, unless under Certificate of any neighbouring Justice of the Peace, or the Overseer or Overseers of the Parish in which such Relief shall be given, authorizing such Departure for a Time specified therein for the Purposes of Harvest, or obtaining by Work a better Support for her Family, or unless for the Purpose of going to reside, and residing in the Parish, Tything or Place, for whch her Husband shall serve, in case at the Time of her Husband being called out into actual Service, she shall be residing in any other Parish, Tything or Place.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be ordered or paid to the Family of any Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, who shall at the Time of his Enrolment have fraudulently and falsely represented and declared that he had no Wife or Family, or to any Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, having more than One Child at the Time of his Enrolment, who shall have fraudulently and falsely represented and declared at the Time of such Enrolment that he had only One Child: Provided always, that where the Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, to whom any such Family shall belong, shall undertake and make Provision for the Maintenance of his other Children,

20 to

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

33

to the Satisfaction of any Justice of the Peace to whom any Application shall be made under this Act for the Relief of such Family, it shall be lawful for such Justice to order the Allowance under this Act to be paid in respect of the Wife of such Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, and of One Child of such Family under the Age of Ten Years.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Allowance under this Act shall be paid to the Family of any Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer, reduced for Misconduct to the Condition of a Private Man, such Reduction being certified by the Commanding Officer or Adjutant to the Clerk of the General Meetings, and by him to the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place, in the Militia of which such Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer shall serve, and by such Treasurer to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything or Township in which such Family shall dwell; and every such Allowance shall cease and determine from the Time of such Reduction being so certified to the Overseers as aforesaid, and be no longer payable, notwithstanding any Order of any Justice to the contrary; and every such Family requiring Relief shall, from and after that Time, be relieved as casual Poor only.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Allowance under this Act shall be given, or ordered to be given, to the Family of any Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, who shall marry after and during the Time of his being called out into actual Service, unless such Marriage shall have taken place with the Consent of the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps, to which such Militia Man shall belong, and such Consent shall have been certified under the Hand of such Colonel or other Commanding Officer.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Families of Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers or ballotted Men, or of Substitutes, hired Men or Volunteers, shall not be removable, or sent to any Workhouse or Poorhouse, by reason of receiving any such Allowances; nor shall any Persons, to whose Families any such Allowance shall be paid, be thereby deprived of their legal Settlements elsewhere, or of their Right of voting for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament.

IX. And be it further enacted, That every such weekly Allowance to be paid under this ^ct to the Family of any Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer, shall be repaid to the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything or Township, in which such Family was relieved, by the Treasurer of the County, Riding or Place, in which such Parish, Tything or Township is situated, out of the public Stock thereof; and every weekly Allowance which shall be so paid to the Family of any Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer, in any other County, Riding or Place, than that for which such Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer shall serve, or to the Family of any Private Man in any other Parish, Tything or Township, than the one for which such Private Militia Man shall serve, shall respectively be reimbursed in the Manner hereinafter mentioned.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases

4*3 Geo. III. D where

nor to Family of Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer reduced to a Private for Misconduct;

nor of Substitute, &c. marrying without Consent of Commanding Officer.

Families not removable, &c. nor Men deprived of their Settlements or ltight of voting.

Allowances to Noncommissioned Officers, &c. or to Families in certain Cases reimbursed.

How Relief to Families appor-

34

C. 47.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

tioned between Counties and Places not contributing to County Rates.

County Treasurers, &c. may demand and pay Proportions.

Disputes as to Proportions to be settled by Lord Lieutenant or Three Deputy Lieutenants.

In Places not contributing to County Rate where no Treasurer is appointed, the Quarter Sessions shall appoint One, and make Assessments, &c.

Reimbursement of Allowance to a Family paid in any other Place

where a certain Number of Private Militia Men are directed to be raised for any County, together with or including any City, Borough, Town or Place in England, being a County or District of itself, not contributing to the General County Rate, the several Sums of Money raised for the Relief of the Families of Noncommissioned Officers and Drummers respectively, shall be divided and apportioned between and borne by such County, and such City, Borough, Town or Place, being a County or District of itself, or not contributing to the General County Rate, in such Proportions as the respective Numbers of Militia Men, apportioned to be raised in and by such County, and by such City, Borough, Town and Place respectively, bear to each other.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of any such County, City, Borough, Town and Place respectively, are hereby authorized and required to demand, receive and make Payment of such Proportions and Sums of Money* the one to the other of them, as the Case may require,

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Disagreement shall arise as to the Proportion so to be paid as aforesaid, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, or to such Payments, the Lord Lieutenant of the said County at large, and in his Absence the Deputy Lieutenants or any Three or more of them, at any Meeting called, or to be called, may and shall, and he and they is and are hereby empowered and required to adjust and settle the same, whose Decision therein shall be final; and the said Lord Lieutenant and Deputy Lieutenants, or any Three or more of them, is and are respectively hereby authorized and empowered to call for, require and inspect the Account and Accounts of every such Treasurer, for the Purpose of adjusting and settling their said Proportion.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cities, Towns, Liberties, Divisions and Places, which do not contribute to the General County Rates, and where no Treasurer is yet appointed, the Justices of the Peace for every such City, Town, Liberty, Division and Place, in case there are any, and if not, then the Justices of the County wherein such City, Town, Liberty, Division and Place shall be, shall and may, and they are'hereby required at their General Quarter Sessions, to appoint a Treasurer, and from time to time to assess upon every Parish, Tything, Township, Hamlet and Vill, within the Liberties of such Cities, Towns, Liberties, Divisions and Places, in such Proportions as the Rates heretofore made for the Relief of the Poor have usually been assessed, and shall cause to be paid, out of the Money collected and levied for the Relief of the Poor of every such Parish, Tything, Township, Hamlet and Vill, into the Hands of such Treasurer, such Sum and Sums of Money as are, shall and may be, in their Discretion, necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and such Treasurer shall pay and dispose of the same accordingly, and shall be and act in all Respects, in respect to the Provisions of this Act, the same as the Treasurer or Treasurers of peculiar Districts where a public Stock is now raised.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Allowance under this Act shall be paid to the Family of any Private Militia Man in any other Parish, Tything or Township,

than

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 47.

35

Such Reimbursement may in certain Cases be demanded from the County Treasurer, &c.

than that for which such Private Militia Man shall serve, it shall than that for be lawful for the Justice of the Peace, who shall make any Order for the Relief of such Family, to certify the same under his Hand, 8 a s and in such Certificate to direct the Overseers of the Parish, Tything or Township for which such Private Militia Man shall serve, to reimburse the Money so paid to the Overseer or Overseers who shall have advanced the same in pursuance of the Order before mentioned.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of the Distance of any Parish, Tything or Township, in which any Allowance under this Act shall be so paid to the Family of any Private Militia Man serving for any other Parish,

Tything or Township, from such other Parish, Tything or Township, where the same shall be situate in any other County, Riding,

Division or Place, the Overseer or Overseers of the Poor, entitled to the Repayment of such Allowances, under any such Order and Certificate as aforesaid, cannot conveniently procure the Repa3r-ment thereof from the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tyth> mg or Township for which such Private Militia Man shall have served or be serving, it shall be lawful for such Overseer or Overseers to demand Repayment of such Allowances from the Treasurer of the Count3r, Riding or Division in which the Parish, Tything or Township, where such Allowances shall have been paid, shall be situate; and every such Treasurer shall, upon Production of such Order and Certificate as aforesaid, forthwith reimburse such Allowances to the Overseer or Overseers demanding the same.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every such The Treasurer

Treasurer as aforesaid, who shall reimburse to any such Overseer paying shall or Overseers as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money in pursuance the

of this Act, on account of any such weekly Allowance paid to the ^urer of the Family of any Noncommissioned Officer or Drummer, or any Pri- place for which vate Militia Man serving in the Militia of any other Count} ', Rid- the Man shall ing or Division, shall deliver or transmit an Account of such serve, who shall Mone3' as he shall have so reimbursed as aforesaid, signed by One

or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Count3 ', Riding, J?

... ...---- .... ..... , /7

Cit3 ', Town, Liberty, Division or Place where such Family shall dwell, to the Treasurer of the County, Riding, City, Town, Li-^w bert3r, Division or Place in the Militia whereof such Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer or Private Militia Man shall serve, and thereupon the Treasurer to whom such Account shall have been delivered or transmitted as aforesaid, shall and lie is hereby required forthwith to pay to the Treasurer, who shall have so de-1 ivered oFtrahsmTftecT such Account, "the Sum or Sums so by him reimbursed to such Overseer or Overseers, and shall be allowed the same in his Accounts.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer who shall repay to any Treasurer of any other County, Riding or Division, an3' such Allowances as aforesaid, on 0113' such signed Account as aforesaid, shall transmit such signed Account, and also an Account of all Monies so repaid by him in pursuance thereof, to the Justices of the Peace for the County ', Riding or Division, at the next or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or any subsequent Sessions; which Accounts so received shall be allowed by the Justices at spell Sessions, who shall forthwith, as to all Allowances

repay the same,

The last mentioned Treasurer shall transmit the Account to the next Quarter Sessions, who shall order Repayment out of the Poor Rates.

(b.Jt- 21?-

<rr -Hosted by "

SO

36

C. 4*7.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Accounts of Allowances to be reimbursed under this Act, shall be made up, signed by the Justices, and demanded of the Overseers, &c. within certain Periods.

Where more than a Wife and Three Children shall become chargeable. Overseers may provide another Man.

so repaid in respect of the Families of any Private Militia Men, make Orders for the Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes, Tythings or Townships for which such Private Militia Man shall respective^ serve or have served, to pay the same to the Treasurer of such County, Riding or Place, out of the Poor Rates of such respective Parishes, Tythings or Townships, within fourteen Days next after the Receipt of such Orders respectively.

" In Exeter, the Allowances shall be paid by the Treasurer of the

" Corporation of the Poor, and shall be levied as the Poor Rates, " &c. § 18. In Bristol’, Monies to be raised by Parish Rates in " relation to this Act shall be raised as the Poor Rates, &c. § 19. " In Plymouth, Allowances shall be paid by the Treasurer of the " Corporation of the Poor, and shall be there raised as the Poor " Rates, &c. § 20.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That Accounts of all Allowances paid under this Act, in respect whereof any Re-

• imbursement shall be directed by this Act, shall be made up at the End of every successive Six Months, or shorter Period, from the Time of the first commencing the Payment thereof, and shall be signed by the Justices granting Certificates for the Reimbursement thereof, or by some other Justices of the same County, Riding, Division or Place, within One Month after the respective Periods up to which such Accounts shall be made up, and the Money due on such Account shall, as soon as the same can be done, be demanded of the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Township or Place, or Treasurers, required to make such Reimbursement as aforesaid; and no such Sum of Money shall be demanded or demandable, unless the same .shall have been so first certified within One Month as aforesaid, and delivered to the Overseer of the Parish, Township or Place, or Treasurer, by whom such Reimbursement is to be paid, within Three Months after such certifying thereof as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which the Family of any Private Man serving in the Militia of any County, Riding or Place in England, when called out and embodied for actual Service, shall become chargeable in respect of any greater Number than the Wife and Three Children respectively under the Ages of Ten Years, it shall be lawful for the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish, Tything, Township or Place for which such Man shall serve, or in which the Family of such Man shall

- reside, to provide another fit and able Man between the Ages of Eighteen Years and Thirty Five Years, and having no Wife, or any Child under the Age of Ten Years, to serve in the Stead of the Man having such Family as aforesaid; and the Colonel or Commanding Officer of the Regiment, Battalion or Corps to which such Men shall belong, upon such other Man being duly examined, approved of and enrolled as a fit and able Man, and joining at the Head Quarters of the said Regiment, Battalion or Corps, may and shall discharge or cause to be discharged the Man in whose Stead such other Person shall be so produced, approved and enrolled as aforesaid: Provided always, that the Pay of every such Person so provided as aforesaid, shall commence and be drawn only from the Day of the Discharge of the Man in whose Stead he shall

have

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 47.

have been provided, and not before; any Thing in any Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, that no Periods of Dis-such Private Militia Man shall be discharged at any orher Period charge of Men. of the Year, than between the First Day of November and the Twenty fifth Day of March.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Payments made by Payments by

any Overseer or Overseers in pursuance of any Order or Certifi- Overseers under cate of any Justice or Justices of the Peace under this Act shall ^lio^d be allowed and passed in their respective Accounts, in like Man- £*°tler

ner as other Expences incurred on account of the Militia are now pences; Penalty by Law passed and allowed; and if any Overseer of the Poor on Overseer not shall, on Demand made in pursuance of any Order or Certificate paying Money, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Payment of any

Sum of Money by virtue of this Act, and Production of such Order or Certificate to him, refuse or neglect to pay and satisfy the Sum or Sums of Money directed to be paid in or by such Order or Certificate, every such Overseer of the Poor so refusing or neglecting to make such Payment, shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, to be recovered upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party accused, before the Justice making such Order or any other Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division,

City or Place, where the Offence shall be committed; which said Justice is hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made in that Behalf, to summon the Party accused, and to examine into the Matter of Fact, and upon due Proof thereof as aforesaid to give Judgment for such Penalty, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, causing the Overplus (if any) , after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be rendered to the Party; and the Penalty so adjudged shall be paid, Application of one Moiety thereof to the Party who shall inform for the same, Penalty, and the other Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish, to the Overseers of which any such Sum of Money ought to have been paid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions in Act shall extend this Act contained, relating to the Allowances to the Families of to ah Places any Persons serving in the Militia for any Parish, Ty thing or having separate Township, or any United Parishes, Tythings or Townships, and for to%Places3united the Reimbursement of all Sums of Money which shall be advanced for the Purpose under any of the Provisions of this Act, shall extend to all Ham- of balloting for lets, Vills and Places having separate Overseers of the Poor, and Men, &c. maintaining the Poor thereof separately and distinctly, and also to

all Parishes, Tythings, Townships and Places united for the Purposes of ballotting for Militia Men, as well as to all other Parishes,

Tythings and Places; and the Justices of the Peace, who shall make Orders for the Relief of any such Families, or any other Justice of the same County, Riding, Division or Place, shall give Directions for the Reimbursement of the Money to be advanced for such Purpose by the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish,

Tything, Township or Place, or United Parishes, Tythings, Townships or Places respectively, which ought to reimburse the same, or to contribute to the Reimbursement thereof; and the Treasurers

D 3 of

58

C. 4tf.

45° GEO. III. A.D. lsoJ.

justices shall ascertain Proportions of Relief between such United Places, &c. on Certificate of Numbers by Subdivision Clerks.

The Adjutant, &c. shall make monthly Returns of Promotions, Deaths, &c. to Subdivision Clerks;

Who shall transmit Extracts to the Overseers.

Appeal may be made to the

of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions and Places, and the Justices of the Peace of the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions and Places within which all and every such Parishes, Tythings* Townships and Places respectively shall be, shall make Reimbursement, and direct Reimbursement to be made by such several Parishes, Tythings, Townships and Places respectively, in the same Manner as by this Act is provided with respect to Parishes, Tythings and Townships therein described, so that in all Cases whatsoever such Reimbursement may be fully made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and where any Man shall serve for any United Parishes or Places, or for any Parish or Place comprising more than one Township or Place, which shall have separate and distinct Overseers of the Poor, all and every such Justices as aforesaid, shall ascertain in what Proportions such United Parishes or Places, or such several Townships or Places comprised within the same Parish or Place for which any such Man, whose Family shall be so relieved shall serve, ought to contribute to such Relief, such Proportions to be ascertained according to the Numbers of Men liable to be ballotted for the Militia, which each of such United Parishes or Places, or each of such Townships or Places, as the case may be, shall appear to have had by the last Returns made for that Purpose, and such Justices shall make Orders for the Reimbursement of such Advances as aforesaid, in such several Proportions so to be ascertained, and from time to time as Occasion shall require; and in order to enable such Justices to ascertain such Proportions, the Clerks of the several Subdivision Meetings shall, when thereunto required, certify, by Writing under their Hands, the Number of Men so liable to be ballotted for, according to the Returns made for each of such Parishes, Townships or Places, for which Certificate there shall be paid a Fee of One Shilling and no more.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Adjutant of every Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Militia, or where there shall be no Adjutant, the Serjeant Major thereof, shall, within Seven Days after the Twenty fourth Day of every Month, during the Time of the Militia to which he shall belong remaining embodied or in actual Service, return to the respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong, a particular List of all Promotions and Vacancies, and all Deaths, Desertions and other Casualties that shall have occurred among the Private Militia Men serving for the several and respective Subdivisions of the County, Riding or Place to which such Regiment, Battalion or Corps shall belong in the Calendar Month preceding each such Twenty fourth Day as aforesaid; and shall specify the Christian and Surname of each Man so returned, and whether ballotted Man, Substitute, hired Man or Volunteer, and the Parish, Tything or Place for which he was serving; and such respective Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings shall, within fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Return, transmit proper Extracts thereof to the respective Overseers of the Poor of the respective Parishes, Tythings or Places for which any such Man shall have been serving.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall find himself aggrieved by any Order of any Justice or Justices of the

Peace

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 47, 48, 49.

39

Peace for the Payment of any such Sum of Money as aforesaid, it Quarter Ses-shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to the Justices slons* of the Peace at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City or Place, when any Demand in pursuance of such Order shall be made as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices, at such Sessions, to award and order, where they shall see Occasion, the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money which such Appellant, as Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor, ought to have paid in pursuance of such Order made by virtue of this Act, and hath neglected to pay in manner aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for Quarter Ses-the Justices of the Peace, at any General Quarter Sessions of the sions may order Peace to be held for each respective County, Riding, City, Town, Recompence to Division and Place in England, to order and direct such Recom- ^r^urers pence and Satisfaction, as they shall think just and reasonable, to county Stock, be made and given to the respective Treasurers for their extraordinary Trouble, Labour and Expences in the Execution of their respective Offices, while the Militia is embodied and in actual Service, for such Time and in such manner as they shall think proper, to be paid or allowed out of the Public Stock or Treasure of every such County, Riding, Town, Division and Place respectively.

"Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 28.

[See51 G.3. c. 114. §5. 51 G.3. c. 118. § 5.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act to enable the East India Company to defray the Expences of certain Volunteer Corps raised by the said Company.

[27th May 1803.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act to amend so much of several Acts passed in the Sixth and Seventh Year, and in the Seventh and Eighth Year of the Reign of King William the Third [a) , as relates to the Exportation of Silver Bullion.

[27th May 1803.]

[a) [6Sf7W.3. c. 17. § 5. fyc. — 7 4* 8 3. §6.]

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants trading to

the East Indies, and others may be possessed of large

Quantities of Foreign Molten Silver and Bullion, brought from

Parts beyond the Seas, but may not be able to make Proof, according to Law, that no Part of the same was (before the same '* was Molten) the Coin of this Realm, or Chippings thereof, nor

4 Plate wrought within Great Britain, for the obtaining Certificates for the Exportation thereof; And Whereas it is expedient

that Permission should be given to export such Molten Silver

and Bullion, under certain Restrictions; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in

this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Treasury may same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be law- grant Licences

D4 ful

40

C. 49, 50, 51.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

to Persons for the Exportation of Bullion.

Persons so licensed may export Bullion without the usual Certificate.

ful for the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to authorize any Person or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to ship or export, or cause to be shipped or exported, from Great Britain, on board any Vessel or Ship whatsoever, any Molten Silver or Bullion, by any Licence or Licences given from time to time for that Purpose, under their respective Hands, (such Licences specifying the Nature and Quantities of such Molten Silver or Bullion, and being entered in the Books of the Custom House of the Port from whence such Exportation shall be made before the Shipping and Exportation thereof,) without any Oath, Certificate or other Document whatsoever, now requisite for the lawful Shipping or Exportation of any such Molten Silver or Bullion; and it shall be lawful for any such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, to whom any such Licence or Licences shall be granted as aforesaid, to ship or export any such Molten Silver or Bullion specified in any such Licence or Licences, without the Certificate or Certificates now required by Law; and no such Molten Silver or Bullion, so shipped or exported under any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid, shall be seizable, or seized or forfeited for the want of any Certificate or Certificates: And the Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all Commissioners and Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and all other Persons whomsoever, having any Concern whatsoever in the Shipping or Exportation thereof, or in the permitting the same to be shipped or exported under any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby freed, discharged and indemnified, from and against all Forfeitures and-Penalties whatsoever in respect thereof; any Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law or Statute, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

CAP. L.

EXP. An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under Two Acts, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for amending the said Acts.

[11th June 1803.]

42 G.3. c. 116. § 23.

CAP. LI.

An Act to render more effectual an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for consolidating the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and Sale of the Land Tax.

[11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty second Year of 1 His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for consolidating ‘ the Provisions of the several Acts passed for the Redemption and

‘ Sale of the Land Tax into one Aandfor making further

vision for the Redemption and Sale thereof; and for removing

Doubts respecting the Right of Persons claiming to vote at Elec-

‘ tions for Knights of the Shire, and other Members to serve -

‘ liament, in respect of Messuages, Lands or Tenements, the Land

Tax upon which shall have been redeemed or purchased, it is ‘ enacted, that the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Consideratior*.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 51.

41

sideration for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, in the ‘ Cases therein specified, shall be calculated, settled and ascertained according to the Price of Stock, to be from time to time ‘ transmitted to the Receivers General, or their Deputies in 1 land, or to the Collectors in Scotla, in the Manner therein di-

‘ rected, and according to the Table in the Schedule to the said Act annexed, marked (L) , and the Rules and Directions therein ‘ contained: And Whereas the said Table contains only the

‘ Amount of the several Sums of Money to be paid for the Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax, when the Three Pounds ‘ Centum Bank Annuities are at any Prices between Sixty and (Par Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and b)^ the Authority of the same, That whenever the Price of the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities, to be transmitted pursuant to the Directions of the said Act, shall be at any Price between Fifty and Sixty, the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Instalment or Instalments, of the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, shall be settled and adjusted, and the Payments made, according to the Table contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed; and all and every the Rules and Directions in the said Act, or in the said Schedule thereto contained, in relation to the calculating, ascertaining, settling and adjusting the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Instalment or Instalments, of the Consideration for such Redemption or Purchase of Land Tax as aforesaid, in Cases where the Price of Three Pounds Centum Bank Annuities shall be above Sixty, shall, in so far as the same are applicable, be used, observed and practised in relation to the calculating, settling, ascertaining and adjusting the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Instalment or Instalments of the Consideration for such Redemption or Purchase, in Cases where the Price of the said Annuities shall be between Fifty and Sixty, in the same Manner as if such Rules and Directions had been repeated in the Body of this Act, or in the Schedule hereto.

II. And be it further enacted, That whenever, by reason of any Variations in the Prices of the Three Pounds per Bank

Annuities, which are not specified in and provided for by the Tables contained in the said respective Schedules to the said recited Act and this Act annexed, it shall become necessary that other Tables should be transmitted to the respective Receivers or their Deputies in England, or to the Collectors in, in

order to enable them to calculate, settle and ascertain the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, to order and direct that proper Tables, adapted to meet such Variations in the Prices of the said Bank Annuities as aforesaid, shall be formed and constructed upon the same Principles as the Tables contained in the said Schedules to the said recited Act and this Act are formed and constructed; and that such Tables shall be transmitted by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to the respective Receivers General or their Deputies in

England,

When the Price of 3 per Cents, shall be between 501. and 601. the Consideration for the Redemption of Land Tax shall be settled according to the Schedule annexed to this Act, subject to the Rules in recited Act.

When necessary, the Treasury may direct Tables to be formed to meet any Variation in the Prices of the 3 per Cents.

42

C. 51

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

England, and to the Collectors in and such Tables so

transmitted as aforesaid shall be as valid and effectual to enable such Receivers General, and their Deputies, and such Collectors respectively, to ascertain, settle and adjust the Amount of the Money to be paid as the Whole, or as any Instalment or Instalments of the Consideration for the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, as if such Tables had been contained in the said Schedule to this Act annexed.

" Deeds enrolled or registered at any Time before passing this Act, " or within Six Months thereafter, shall be valid. § 3.

43° GEO. III. C. 51

A.D. 1803. 43

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

TABLE, shewing the several Sums payable for the Redemption or Purchase of LAND TAX, of the yearly Amounts denoted in the first Column, when the Three Pounds per Centum Bank Annuities are at any Price between Fifty and Sixty, as denoted in the Second and subsequent Columns.

Land Tax to be redeemed, or purchased. 50 and under 51. 51 and under 52. 52 and under 53. 53 and under 54. 54 and under 55.

4 0 0 44 0 0 41 0 0 44 0 0 5 0 0 5

1 2 0 0 n 0 0 H 0 0 H 0 0 94 0 0 10

3 4 0 1 2 0 1 24 0 1 H 0 1 24 0 1 3

D. 1 0 1 0 1 7 0 1 n 0 1 74 0 1 8

2 0 3 H 0 3 *4 0 8 H 0 S 34 0 3 4

3 0 4 7£ 0 4 8f 0 4 10 0 4 11 0 5 0

4 0 6 n 0 6 3f 0 6 5| 0 6 54 0 6 8

5 0 7 H 0 7 101 0 8 0* 0 8 24 0 8 44

6 0 9 n 0 9 5i 0 9 74 0 9 10 0 10 04

7 0 10 10 0 11 Oi 0 11 3 0 11 5§ 0 11 84

8 0 12 H 0 12 0 12 10£ 0 13 14 0 13 44

9 0 13 li 0 14 24 0 14 54 0 14 9 0 15 04

10 0 15 H 0 15 0 16 1 0 16 44 0 16 84

11 0 17 o 4 0 17 44 0 17 84 0 18 04 0 18 44

S. 1 . 0 18 0 18 0 19 3§ 0 19 8 1 0 °4

2 . 1 17 li 1 17 10^ 1 18 7 1 19 4 2 0

3 . 2 15 H 2 16 9i 2 17 10| 2 18 114 3 0

4 . 3 14 3 3 15 8£ 3 17 24 3 18 74 4 0 H

5 . 4 12 9f 4 14 74 4 16 6 4 18 34 5 0 14

6 . 5 11 4i 5 13 7 5 15 94 5 17 114 6 0 2

7 . 6 9 Ilf 6 12 6 6 15 04 6 17 74 7 0 2i

8 . 7 8 6 7 11 54 7 14 4i 7 17 H 8 0 2I

9 . 8 7 Of 8 10 44 8 13 8 8 16 Hi 9 0 34

10 . 9 5 7i 9 9 9 12 n* 9 16 n 10 0 3 *

11 . 10 4 4 10 8 H 10 12 3 10 16 3i 11 0 34

12 . 11 2 9 11 7 if 11 11 11 15 Hi 12 0 44

13 . 12 1 3f 12 6 i 12 10 10f 12 15 74 13 0 4£

14 . 12 19 io§ 13 5 0 13 10 13 15 34 14 0 44

15 . 13 18 54 14 3 iU 14 9 54 14 14 114 15 0 54

16 . 14 17 0 15 2 15 8 84 15 14 74 16 0 54

17 . 15 15 6f 16 1 9i 16 8 oi 16 14 34 17 0 6

18 . 16 14 H 17 0 84 17 7 4 17 13 11 18 0 64

19 . 17 12 H 17 19 74 18 6 7JL '2 18 13 7 19 0 6

£.i 18 11 3 18 18 7 19 5 11 19 13 3 20 0 7

2 37 2 6 37 17 2 38 11 10 39 6 6 40 1 2

3 . 55 13 9 56 15 9 57 17 9 58 19 9 60 1 9

4 74 5 0 75 14 4 77 3 8 78 13 0 80 2 4

5 92 16 3 94 12 11 96 9 7 98 6 3 100 2 11

6 111 7 6 113 11 6 115 15 6 117 19 6 120 3 6

7 129 18 9 132 10 1 135 1 5 137 12 9 140 4 1

8 148 10 0 151 8 8 154 7 4 157 6 0 160 4 8

9 167 1 3 170 7 3 173 13 3 176 19 3 180 5 3

10 185 12 6 189 5 10 192 19 2 196 12 6 200 5 10

: 20 371 5 0 378 11 8 385 18 4 393 5 0 400 11 8

44-

C. 51

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE — .

Land Tax to be redeemed, or purchased. 55 and under 56. 56 and under 57. 57 and under 58. 58 and under 59. 59 and under 60.

4 0 0 5 0 0 0 0 54 0 0 54 0 0 54

4 0 0 10| 0 0 101 0 0 104 0 0 10| 0 0 11

3 4 0 1 34 0 1 34 0 1 34 0 1 4 0 1 44

D. l . 0 1 0 1 84 0 1 94 0 1 94 0 1 9

2 . 0 3 0 3 5 77 0 3 64 0 3 7 0 3 74

3 . 0 5 H 0 5 0 5 34 04 0 5 44 0 5 5b

4 . 0 6 9| 0 6 11 0 7 0 7 2 0 7 34

5 . 0 8 6 0 8 V| 0 8 94 0 8 114 0 9 14

6 . 0 10 21 0 10 44 0 10 64 0 10 9 0 10 114

7 . 0 11 lOf 0 12 14 0 12 4 0 12 64 0 12 9

8 . 0 13 Vi 0 13 10 0 14 1 0 14 4 0 14 7

9 . 0 15 34 0 15 64 0 15 104 0 16 14 0 16

10 . 0 16 Ilf 0 17 34 0 17 74 0 17 11 0 18 24

11 . 0 18 84 0 19 04 0 19 44 0 19 H]C* 00 1 0 04

S. 1 1 0 44 1 0 94 1 1 14 1 1 6 1 1 10f

2 2 0 9§ 2 1 64 2 2 3 2 3 0 2 3 4

3. 3 1 24 3 2 34 3 3 44 3 4 '54 3 5 7

4 4 1 7 4 3 04 4 4 6i 4 5 114 4 7 54

5 5 1 Hi 5 3 94 5 5 74 5 7 54 5 9 3

6 6 2 4i 6 4 7 6 6 94 6 8 H-4 6 11 2

7 7 2 94 7 5 4 7 7 10| 7 10 54 7 13 04

8 8 3 2 8 6 14 8 9 oi 8 11 H| 8 14 l°4

9 9 3 6| 9 6 10| 0 10 2 9 13 54 9 16 94

10 10 3 114 10 7 74 10 11 34 10 14 114 10 18 74

11 11 4 44 11 8 4! 11 12 5 11 16 54 12 0 54

12 12 4 9 12 9 it 12 13 64 12 17 114 13 2

13 13 5 i| - 13 9 11 13 14 84 13 19 54 14 4 24

14 14 5 r 14 10 8 14 15 94 15 0 114 15 6 1

15 15 5 114; 15 11 H 15 16 Hi 16 2 54 16 7 114

16 16 6 4 16 12 2i 16 18 04 17 3 114 17 9 94

17 17 6 84 L 17 12 Hi 17 19 24 18 5 54 18 11 8

18 18 7 14 r 18 13 84 19 0 4 19 6 11 19 13 64

19 19 7 64:19 14 20 1 54 20 8 5 20 15 44

& 1 . 20 7 11 20 15 3 21 2 7 21 9 11 21 17 3

2 . 40 15 10 41 10 6 42 5 2 42 19 10 43 14 6

3 . 61 3 9 62 5 9 63 7 9 64 9 9 65 11 9

4 . 81 11 8 83 1 0 84 10 4 85 19 8 87 9 0

5 . 101 19 7 103 16 3 105 12 11 107 9 7 109 6 3

6 . 122 7 6 124 11 6 126 15 6 128 19 6 131 3 6

7 . 142 15 5 145 6 9 147 18 1 150 9 5 153 0 9

8 . 163 3 4 166 2 0 169 0 8 171 19 4 174 18 0

9 . 183 11 3 186 17 3 190 3 3 193 9 3 196 15 3

10 . 203 19 2 207 12 6 211 5 10 214 19 2 218 12 6

20 . 407 18 4 415 5 0 422 11 8 429 18 4 437 5 0

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 52, 53.

45

CAP. LII.

An Act for indemnifying all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution certain Orders of Council for the Prevention of the Exportation of Gunpowder, Saltpetre and Naval Stores, and the Permission of the Exportation of Seed Corn to Norway.

[11th June 1803.]

CAP. LIII.

An Act to render the Process of His Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, in Personal Actions in Ireland, more beneficial, and also to prevent frivolous and vexatious Arrests; and to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City and County of Dublin, and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer more,

as relates to compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Personal Actions.

[t 1th June 1803.]

WHEREAS it would tend to the more speedy and beneficial Administration of Justice in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, that the Process for compelling the Appearance of Defendants in Actions to be hereafter instituted in His Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench, Common Pleas and Exchequer, in that Part of the United Kingdom called,

be assimilated each to the others, and, as far as may be, to the Process of the superior Courts in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and that frivolous and vexatious Arrests be prevented: And Whereas, by an Act of Parliament of land, made in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of the

4 Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for enlarging the Time for Trials by Nisi Prius in the City o/" Dublin and County of Dublin; and for making the Process of the Court of Exchequer

more effectual against Persons ’who, being served, refuse

4 to appear; it is among other Things enacted, that in all Cases,

from and after passing the said Act, where a Subpoena or Sub- pcenas shall issue out of the Pleas or Common Law Side of the said Court, requiring any Defendant or Defendants to appear thereto, and that such Defendant or Defendants being duly served therewith according to the then Practice or Course of the said Court, should suffer Process of Contempt to a Serjeant at Arms to be entered against him, her or them, for not appearing on such Service, the said Court, upon the Attachment of the Serjeant at Arms being filed with the proper Officer of the said Court, with 4 a Return made thereon by the Serjeant at Arms of the said Court,

that the said Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found,

should and might, in every such Case, appoint an Attorney to enter an Appearance or Appearances, for such Defendant or Defendants so in Contempt, and upon the said Appearance or Appearances being so entered, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs at whose

4 Suit

21 & 22 G. 3. c. 18. §3. (I.) respecting the entering of Common Appearances for Defendants not appearing to Subpoenas,

C. 53.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

46

repealed from 1st Day of Michaelmas Term 1803.

No Person held to Special Bail on Process of the superior Courts in Ireland for less than 101. or 40s. out of inferior Courts; Defendants served with Copy of Process.

Defendants not appearing Plaintiff may file Common Bail, &c.

Affidavit of Service of Process.

On Arrest Affidavit of Cause of Action shall be made and filed, and the Sum indorsed pn the Writ, &c.

4 Suit the said Subpoena or Subpoenas should have issued, should be at Liberty forthwith to file his, her or their Declaration, and to proceed thereon to Judgment, and issue Execution as effectually as if such Defendant or Defendants had duly and actually appeared on the Service of such Subpoena or Subpoenas Be it therefore enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as is hereinbefore set forth shall, from and after the First Day of

chaelmas Term, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, be repealed, and the same is hereby, from and after the said First Day of Michaelmas Term, repealed.

Act shall not affect any Subpoena sued out before the First Day 44 of Michaelmas Term 1803. — $ 2.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of the said Michaelmas Term, no Person shall be held to Special Bail upon any Process issuing out of His said Majesty's said Court of King’s Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, in that Part of the said United Kingdom called

Ireland, where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, nor out of any inferior Court where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of Forty Shillings or upwards; and that in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, in any of the said superior Courts, or to Forty Shillings or upwards in any such inferior Courts (and the Plaintiff or Plains tiffs shall proceed by the Way of Process against the Person) , he, she or they shall not arrest or cause to be arrested the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall serve him, her or them, personally, with a Copy of the Process; and if such Defendant or Defendants shall not appear at the Return of the Process, or within Eight Days after such Return, in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, upon Affidavit being made and filed in the proper Court, of the personal Service of such Process as aforesaid, (which said Affidavit shall be filed gratis,) to enter a Common Appearance, or file Common Bail for the Defendant or Defendants, and to proceed thereon as if such Defendant or Defendants had entered his, her or their Appearance, or filed Common Bail; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Affidavit of Service of such Process shall and may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Court out of which such Process shall issue, authorized to take Affidavits in such Court.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said First Day of Michaelmas Term, One thousand eight hundred and three, in all Cases where the Cause of Action shall amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds, or Forty Shillings, or upwards, as aforesaid, Affidavit shall be made and filed of such Cause of Action (which Affidavit may be made before any Judge or Commissioner of the Court out of which such Process shall issue, authorised to take Affidavits in such Court) , and the Sum or

21 Sums.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 53.

47

Sums specified in such Affidavit shall be indorsed on such Writ or Process, for which Sum or Sums so indorsed the Sheriff or other Officer to whom such Writ or Process shall be directed, shall take Bail, and for no more; and if, after the First Day of the said Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and three, any Writ or Process shall issue for the Sum of Ten Pounds, or upwards, and no Affidavit or Indorsement shall be made as aforesaid, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not proceed to arrest the Body of the Defendant or Defendants, but shall proceed in like manner as is by this Act directed in Cases where the Cause of Action does not amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds, or Forty Shillings, or upwards, as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Copy of such Process to be served upon any Defendant, shall be written a Notice to such Defendant, of the Intent and Meaning of such Service, to the Effect following; (that is to

say?)

‘ A B. you are served with this Process to the Intent that you Form of Notice

‘ ' may, by your Attorney, appear in His Majesty's Court of on Process.

i at the Return thereof, being the

‘ Day of [as the case shall happen to be], in order

‘ to your Defence in this Action. ’

Which said Notice shall be signed by the Attorney of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs with his Christian and Surname, and thereunto shall be added his Place of Residence, and for which said Notice no Fee or Reward shall be demanded or taken.

Vn. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Plaintiff shall enter a Common Appearance, or file Common Bail, for any Defendant, unless the Plaintiff or his Attorney, or the Attorney employed for the Purpose of having the Process personally served, shall make Affidavit, in Writing, that such Plaintiff or Attorney (as the case may be) knows the Person so swearing to such Service, and that such Plaintiff or Attorney (as the case may be) believes that such Process has been personally served on the Defendant at such Time as such Person shall have sworn to; and in which Affidavit the Addition and Place of Residence of the Person so swearing to such Service shall be inserted; which said Affidavit shall be filed

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, that whenever it appears to the Court out of which the Process issues, that all due Diligence has been used to have the Process of the Court personally served, yet that under the special Circumstances of the Case, appearing to the Court by the Affidavit of the Plaintiff or his Attorney, or the Attorney employed for the Purpose of having the Process personally served, that it was impossible to procure personal Service, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Court out of which the Process issues to substitute such other kind of Service as to them shall seem fit.

" In order to settle the Compensation to be made to Patentee Offleers of the Court of Exchequer for Reduction of Fees by " reason of this Act, the Chief Justice of King’s Bench, the Master of the Rolls, and the Chief Justice of Common Pleas in " Ireland, shall, within Three Months after passing the Act, as-

certain

On entering Common Appearance, Plaintiff or his Attorney shall join in Affidavit of Service of Process.

Court may regulate Service of Process.

48

C. 53, 54.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Scotch Act, 1696.

(Will. 3. Pari. 1. sess.6. cap. 26.)

Future annual Salary to

" certain, on Oath, the average Amount of such Fees for Three " Years preceding the End of Easter Term, One thousand eight hundred and three, and certify the same to the Treasury. " § 9. Commissioners for auditing public Accounts in Ireland, " on Requisition of such Patentee Officers, shall (while the present " Officers continue) enquire (yearly during the long Vacation) into " the Diminution of their Fees, as compared for the preceding " Year with such Certificate; and such Diminution being ascertained and certified by the said Commissioners to the Treasury of Ireland, shall become a Charge on the Consolidated Fund, " and be issued accordingly. § 10. Lord Lieutenant shall direct Enquiry to be made, by Commissioners of Accounts, into the Reduction of Fees of the Exchequer Officers not holding by Patent, and may order such Allowances from the Treasury to be made for their Losses as he shall think fit; such Losses shall be previously certified by said Commissioners to the Treasury, and the whole Compensation to such last mentioned Officers shall not exceed Three thousand Pounds per Annum. § 11.

[As to Compensation to Patentee 48 G. 3. c. 10S.]

CAP. LIV.

An Act for making better Provision for the Parochial Schoolmasters, and for making further Regulations for the better

7 O C5

Government of the Parish Schools in Scotland.

[11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS the Parish Schoolmasters in Scotland are a most useful Body of Men, and their Labours have been of essential Importance to the public Welfare; And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Reign of King William the Third, in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety six, intituled Act for Settling of Schools, it is, inter alia, 4 statuted and ordained, that there be a School settled and established, and a Schoolmaster appointed, in every Parish not al-e ready provided, by Advice of the Heritors and Minister of the

Parish; and for that Effect, that the Heritors in every Parish meet

and provide a commodious House for a School, and settle and ‘ modify a Salary to a Schoolmaster, which shall not be under One

hundred Merks, nor above Two hundred Merks, Scots, to be 1 paid yearly, at Two Terms, Whitsunday and Martinmas, by

equal Portions; and certain Rules and Regulations were laid down by the said Act, relative to the Apportioning and Payment

of the said Salary by the Heritors of the Parish: And Whereas the highest Salary by the said Act granted, amounting only to 1 Eleven Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence Two thirds of a 4 Penny Sterling, which, by Difference in the Value of Money, ‘ and Change in the Circumstances of the Country, has become 4 a Provision altogether inadequate for a Body of Men whose Labours are of so great public Utility May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Term of Martinmas next, the Salary of each

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C/54.

49

Parochial Schoolmaster in every Parish of Scotland shall not be under the Sum of Three hundred Merks Scots per Annum, nor above the Sum of Four hundred Merks Scots per , except

in the Cases hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That within Three Months after

the passing of this Act, the Heritors possessed of the Qualification required by this Act, and the Minister of every Parish, shall hold a Meeting, of which Intimation shall be given from the Pulpit immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon, and by circular Letters, to be written by the Minister of the Parish, to such Heritors having the Qualification prescribed by this Act, who are nonresident, and also by leaving a written Notice at the Mansion House of every Heritor whether resident or not, at least Thirty free Days before such Meeting shall take place; and on due Consideration of the Circumstances of the particular Parish in respect of Extent, Population and valued Rent, and the probable Amount of the other Emoluments of the Schoolmaster’s Office, such Meeting shall judge and determine whether the Schoolmaster’s Salary shall be Three hundred Merks Scots per, or Four hundred

Merks Scots per Annum, or such Sum between these Two Sums as to such Meeting shall seem most suitable to the Circumstances of the Parish, and shall fix and determine the Amount of the Schoolmaster’s Salary, to be paid to the Schoolmaster, by a Resolution to be made at such Meeting, a Copy of which Resolution, signed by the Preses of the Meeting, shall be delivered to the Schoolmaster of the Parish, as his Authority for collecting and receiving the Salary thereby fixed and determined, which shall be paid by the several Heritors at the same Terms apportioned among them, in the same Manner, and with the same Relief against their Tenants, as is provided by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the Year One thousand six hundred and ninety six:Provided alwaj^s, that no Salary at present payable to any Schoolmaster shall be diminished; and in all Cases where any such Salary or any Part thereof is payable in Grain or Meal, such Salary in Grain or Meal shall continue to be paid and payable in the same manner as heretofore, with such Additions thereto in Money as to such Meeting shall seem proper; and in fixing and determining the Amount of the Salary to be paid pursuant to this Act, such Grain or Meal making Part of such Salary shall be estimated at the Rate of Two hundred Merks Chalder.

III. And be it enacted, That the Salaries so fixed and determined in manner above directed, shall continue to be the Salaries payable to the Schoolmaster of every Parish for and during the Period of Twenty five Years from and after the passing of this Act; and within Three Years after the Expiration of Twenty five Years from the passing of this Act, the Sheriff or Stewart of every County or Stewartry shall fix and determine, according to the Average Amount of the Fiars of the County or Stewartry for the Twenty five Years preceding, what is the Value or Average Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal, and he shall make a Return of such Average to the Office of King’s Remembrancer in Exchequer in Scotland; and the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of Exchequer are hereby empowered and required, from such Returns by the Sheriffs and Stewarts of Scotland, to

43 Geo. III. E strike

Schoolmasters from 300 to 400 Merks Scots.

Heritors (qualified as under § 22.) and Minister of the Parish shall fix such Salaries.

Salaries payable in Grain or Meal to continue and be estimated at 200 Merks per Chalder.

Salaries so fixed payable for 25 Years.

Within Three Years afterwards the Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal ascertained and certified on Average of 25 Years,

50

C. 54.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1805.

and to be the Rate for fixing Schoolmaster s’ Salaries.

Heritors and Minister shall meet within Three Months after the ascertaining and certifying such Average Price, and shall fix the Amount of Schoolmasters’ Salaries accordingly.

In case of Neglect, &c. Appeal may be made, within Three Months, to the next Quarter Sessions.

strike the Average Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal for all Scotland; and an Order of the said Court of Exchequer, fixing such Average, shall, within Three Months from the Date of the last Return by the Sheriffs and Stewarts, be published by the King’s Remembrancer in the Edinburgh Gazette, and such other Scots Newspapers as he shall deem sufficient, for Three successive Weeks, and a Copy thereof shall also be transmitted by the said Remembrancer to the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of every Shire or Stewartry in Scotland; which Average so ascertained shall be the Rate according to which the Schoolmaster’s Salary shall be fixed in the Manner hereinafter directed, and the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall transmit a Certificate thereof, signed by him, to the Minister of each Parish within the County or Stewartry, to be by him submitted to the Meeting directed to be called in manner immediately after mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted, That within Three Months after the Date of such Certificate, the Heritors possessed of the Qualification required by this Act, and the Minister of every Parish in Scotland, shall hold a Meeting, of which Intimation shall be given from the Pulpit immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon, and by circular Letters, to be written by the Minister of the Parish, to such Heritors having the Qualification prescribed by this Act, who are Nonresident, and also by leaving a written Notice at the Mansion House of every Heritor whether resident or not, at least Thirty free Days before such Meeting shall take place; and on due Consideration of the Circumstances of the particular Parish in respect of Extent, Population and valued Rent, such Meeting shall judge and determine whether the Schoolmaster’s Salary of the same shall be equal to the Average Price of One Chalder and a Half, or of Two Chalders of Oatmeal, according to the Amount thereof ascertained by the aforesaid Certificate, or to such Proportion between them as to such Meeting shall seem most suitable to the Circumstances of the Parish, and shall fix and determine the Amount of the Schoolmaster’s Salary, to be paid pursuant to such Average, and their Resolution thereupon; a Copy of which Resolution, signed by the Preses of the Meeting, shall be delivered to the Schoolmaster of the Parish, as his Authority for collecting and receiving the Salary thereby fixed and determined, which shall be paid to him by the several Heritors at the same Terms, apportioned among them, in the same Manner, and with the same Relief against their Tenants, as is provided by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of, in the Year One

thousand six hundred and ninety six.

Y. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Heritors and Minister shall neglect or refuse to determine the Amount of the Salary to be paid to the Schoolmaster according to the Provisions of the Act, or in case any Pleritor or the Schoolmaster, shall be dis-satisfied with the Determination made, it shall b.e competent within Three Months after such Meeting ought to have been held, or such Determination shall have been made, for the Schoolmaster to apply, or for such Person so dis-satisfied to appeal, to the next Quarter Sessions held for the Shire or Stewartry within the Bounds of which the Parish or Parish Kirk lies, whose Judgment shall be final, and no Appeal by Advocation, Suspension or otherwise, shall be admitted against the Judgment given at such Quarter Sessions:Provided always, that no Heritor of the Parish from

whence

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 54.

51

whence such Appeal comes shall vote upon such Appeal at such Quarter Sessions.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after Twenty five Years shall have elapsed, from the Time the Amount of a Schoolmaster’s Salary shall have been so fixed, the Sheriff of a Shire, Stewart of a Stewartry, shall within Three Months again determine the Average Price of a Chalder of Oatmeal in the Manner directed by this Act; and shall, as above directed, return the same to the Office of King’s Remembrancer in Exchequer, and the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of Exchequer shall again by an Order of Court fix the Average Price for all Scotland; and the King’s Remembrancer shall again transmit a Copy of said Order of Court to the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk of each Shire or Stewartry, and the said Sheriff or Stewart Clerk shall again publish the same in the Edinburgh Gazette and Scots Newspapers, and transmit a Certificate of said Average and Order of Court to the Minister of each Parish within his Shire and Stewartry, and the Heritors and Minister shall again fix and determine the Schoolmaster’s Salary according to such Average, such Salary never being less than the Value of One Chalder and an Half, nor more than Two Chalders, for the next Twenty five Years, and so toties quoties at the End of every Twenty five Years for ever, unless altered by Parliament; and every such Determination of Salary shall be liable to Appeal to the Quarter Sessions in Manner and to the Effect above directed.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in every Parish where there is only One Heritor qualified as hereinafter prescribed, such Heritor shall have Two Votes at every Meeting directed to beheld pursuant to this Act; and in all Meetings where no Preses has been chosen, the Heritor present possessed of the highest Valuation shall have the casting Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Parish where a commodious House for a School has not already been provided, pursuant to the Directions in the above recited Act, and in every Parish where a Dwelling House for the Residence of the Schoolmaster has not already been provided, together with a Portion of Ground for a Garden to the Extent hereafter mentioned, the Heritors of every such Parish shall provide a commodious House for a School, and also a House for the Residence of the Schoolmaster, such House not consisting of more than Two Apartments including the Kitchen, together with a Portion of Ground for a Garden to such Dwelling House, from Fields used for the ordinary Purposes of Agriculture or Pasturage, as near and convenient to the Schoolmaster’s Dwelling House as reasonably may be; which Garden shall contain at least One fourth Part of a Scots Acre, and shall be enclosed with such Fence as is generally used for such Purposes in the District of the County where it is situated; and the Expence of providing such School House, Dwelling House and Garden, and supporting the same, shall be defrayed and paid in the same and like Manner as is prescribed for providing a House for a School by the aforesaid Act of the Parliament of Scotland: Providing always, that where the Heritors shall determine that such Garden cannot be allotted to the Schoolmaster without great Loss and Inconvenience, it shall be optional to them, with the Authority of the Quarter Sessions of the County or Stewartry, to assign to


At the End of every 25 Years the Schoolmaster’s Salary shall be reascertained in like Manner.

Where only One Heritor, he shall have Two Votes. Preses.

School House and Dwelling House and Garden shall be provided;

or, in lieu of a Garden, an Addition to Salary.

52

C. 54'.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

In case of Neglect, &c. Schoolmasters may apply to Quarter Sessions.

Satisfaction to Heritors whose Ground shall be taken for School House, &c.

Regulations for Two Teachers in Parishes consisting of Two ormore Islands, or being of great Extent.

the Schoolmaster, in lieu of such Garden, an Addition to his Salary, at the Rate of Eight Bolls of Oatmeal Acre, to be computed according to the Average ascertained in Manner hereinbefore directed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Heritors shall neglect or refuse to provide the Accommodations of House, School House and Garden, or additional Salary in lieu thereof, to Schoolmasters according to the Provisions oi this Act, or in case the Schoolmaster shall not be satisfied with the Accommodations afforded him, it shall be competent for him to bring the same by Representation or Petition before the Quarter Sessions held for the Shire or Stewartry to which the Parish of which he is Schoolmaster belongs, or in which the Parish Kirk is situated; and in all such Cases the Judgment of the Quarter Sessions shall be final, without any further Appeal by Advocation, Suspension, or otherwise:Provided always, that no Justice of the Peace who shall be an Heritor in the Parish of such Schoolmaster shall vote upon such Representation or Petition.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Heritor or Heritors from whose Estates any Ground shall be taken for the Purpose of such School House, Dwelling House and Garden, shall have his, her or their Relief against the other Heritors of the Parish, for the Value of the Ground so to be taken, in Proportion to the valued Rent of the Lands belonging to the whole Heritors in the Parish; such Relief to be settled only by the Sheriff or Stewart of the County or Stewartry, without Appeal by Advocation, Suspension or otherwise.

XI. And be it enacted, That in case of those Parishes which consist of Districts detached from each other by the Sea or Arms of the Sea, or otherwise, as where a Parish consists of Two or more Islands, of which there are several Instances in the Highlands, North Isles and Hebrides, or where it is otherwise of great Extent or Population, so that one Parochial School cannot be of any effectual Benefit to the whole Inhabitants of such Parishes, it shall be competent to the Heritors and Minister, if they shall see Cause, on fixing a Salary of Six hundred Merks, or the Value of Three Chalders of Oatmeal, to be computed according to the Provisions of this Act, to divide the same among Two or more Teachers, according to the Extent and Population of the Parish; and these Proportions so divided shall be paid to Teachers of Schools in the same Way and Manner, and under the same Conditions, as hereafter are specified by this Act, for supplying vacant Parochial Schools with Masters; but in respect that the Heritors of such Parishes are to pay an higher Salary, they are hereby exempted from the Obligation of providing School Houses, Dwelling Houses, and Gardens, for the Teachers among whom the Salary is to be divided in the manner aforesaid; and in case a Difference of Opinion shall arise among the Heritors respecting the Propriety and Usefulness of such Division of the Salary, the same shall be submitted by Petition or Representation to the Quarter Sessions of the Shire or Stewartry, within the Bounds of which the Parish or Parish Kirk is situated; and the Judgment thus obtained shall be final, without Appeal by Advocation, Suspension or otherwise.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 54.

53

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That none of the Pro- Not to extend to visions of this Act shall apply to the Case of a Parish, which con- Royal Burghs, sists only of a Royal Burgh or Part of a Royal Burgh.

XIII. And be it further declared, That where a Parish consists Where a Parish of a Royal Burgh, or Part of a Royal Burgh, and a Landward consists of a Heritor or Heritors, the Schoolmaster shall be appointed and main- landward He tained by the Burgh, or by the Landward Heritor or Heritors, or rit School-by the Burgh and Landward Heritors, in the same Way and master shall be Manner, and according to the same Proportions that have hitherto appointed, &c. been observed in such Parish; the Salary and Accommodations 33 heretofore, being always equal in Value to those provided by this Act, and

the same Remedy being allowed in case they are otherwise, and to be applied for in the manner already specially pointed out; and provided any Additions shall be granted, the same shall be paid in the same Proportions by the Parties from whom the present Salary is received.

XIV. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of Election of this Act, in case of Vacancy in the Office of Schoolmaster, by Schoolmasters Death or otherwise, the Minister of the Parish shall, within Fifteen ^see"^fSya^' Days, intimate or cause to be intimated from the Pulpit, imme- cancies. diately after Divine-Service in the Forenoon, the Vacancy which

has taken place, and communicate the Knowledge of the same by Letter to such Heritor or Heritors as may be nonresident; and the Heritors possessed of the Qualification required by this Act, with the Minister of the Parish, are hereby appointed to hold a Meeting, of which Intimation shall be given by the Minister, by Edictal Citation and circular Letters to such as are nonresident, at least Thirty free Days before it takes place; and such Meeting or adjourned Meeting shall elect a Person to the vacant Office of Schoolmaster; and in the event of the Parish being vacant, the Presbytery shall appoint some one of their Number to make the Intimations and give the Notices which, according to the Provisions of this Act, the Minister is required to do.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Heritors or on Failure, qualified as is hereby required, and Minister, shall fail to elect a s^one^f^Su Schoolmaster within Four Calendar Months from the Time the ply shall ap_ Vacancy shall have taken place, then the Presbytery within the point.

Bounds of which the Parish is situated, shall apply to the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply of the County or Stewartry,

who, or any Five of them, at a Meeting to be called by the Convener upon Thirty Days Notice, shall have Power, jure,

and are hereby directed to elect a Person to supply the Vacancy.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That every Schoolmaster All School-elected under the Provisions of this Act, shall carry the Minutes, masers shall be or an Extract or certified Copy of the Minutes of his Election to examin^ed

the Presbytery, accompanied with Attestations of his having taken preSbyteryf

the Oath to His Majesty before any one of His Majesty's Justices

of the Peace; and the Presbytery shall thereupon take Trial of

his Sufficiency for the Office, in respect of Morality and Religion,

and of such Branches of Literature as by the Majority of Heritors

and Minister shall be deemed most necessary and important for

the Parish, by Examination of the Presentee, by Certificates and

Recommendations in his Favour, by their own personal Enquiry

or otherwise, and shall see him sign the Confession of Faith and

E 3 Formula

54

C. 54.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Tf found unqualified, Time for Re-election.

Heritors and Minister shall fix the School Fees.

Superintendance of Schools continued to Ministers.

Presbyteries shall regulate Hours of teaching, Vacations, &c.

Presbytery shall take Cognizance of and punish or deprive Schoolmasters.

Formula of the Church of Scotland; and their Judgment or Determination as to the Qualifications of such Presentee for the Office of Schoolmaster shall not be reviewed or suspended by any Court, Civil or Ecclesiastical; and provided they are satisfied with the same, he shall be furnished with an Extract from their Minutes, bearing that he had appeared, produced the Attestations required, and had been found on Trial duly qualified for discharging the Duties of the Office to which he had been elected, which Extract shall complete his Right to the Emoluments provided by this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Person elected is not found duly qualified, the Heritors and Minister shall only be allowed what remained of the Four Months at the Time of his Election, with so many Days more as required by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Heritors qualified as is hereby required, and Minister, in a Meeting called on Thirty Days Notification from the Pulpit, and by Letter from the Minister to the nonresident Heritors, and by Notice to be left at the Mansion House of each Heritor, whether resident or not, shall have the Power of fixing the School Fees from time to time as they shall judge expedient; and a Table of such Fees, signed by the Preses of the Meeting, shall be hung up in the School Room; Provided always, that the Schoolmaster shall be obliged to teach such poor Children of the Parish as shall be recommended by the Heritors and Minister at any Parochial Meeting.

XIX. And be it enacted, That the Superintendance of Schools shall continue with the Ministers of the established Church as heretofore, according to the several Acts of Parliament respecting the same, except in so far as altered by this present Act.

XX. And be it enacted, That as often as Presbyteries, in the Course of their Visitation, shall find any thing wrong with respect to the Hours of teaching, or the Length of the Vacation annually given, or when any Complaint shall be made to them upon those Subjects by Parties concerned, they shall have the Power of regulating the same in the Manner they may judge most consistent with the particular Circumstances and general Good of the Parish; and the Schoolmaster is hereby required to conform to and obey all Regulations so made by the Presbytery, under Pain of Censure or Suspension from or Deprivation of his Office, as to the Presbytery shall seem proper.

XXI. And be it enacted, That when any Complaint from the Heritors, Minister or Elders, against the Schoolmaster, charging him with Neglect of Duty, either from engaging in other Occupations or from any other Cause, or with immoral Conduct, or cruel and improper Treatment of the Scholars under his Charge, shall be presented to the Presbytery, they shall forthwith take Cognizance of the same, serve him with a Libel if the Articles alleged appear to them to be of a Nature which requires it, and having taken the necessary Proof, they shall acquit or pass Sentence of Censure, Suspension or Deprivation, as shall appear to them proper upon the Result of such Investigation; which Judgment shall be final, without Appeal to or Review by any Court, Civil or Ecclesiastical; and in case they shall depose the Incumbent from the Office of Schoolmaster, his Right to the Emoluments

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 54, 55, 56.

55

and Accommodations of the same shall cease from the Time of his Deposition; and in case he shall fail or refuse to remove from the School, School House and Garden, within the Space of Three Months from the Date of such Sentence or Deposition, the Sheriff of the Shire, or Stewart of the Stewartry, upon having an Extract or certified Copy of the Sentence of Deposition by the Presbytery laid before him, shall forthwith grant Letters of Ejection against such Schoolmaster, of which no Bill of Suspension or Advocation, nor Action of Reduction, shall be competent: and in case of such Deposition the School shall immediately be declared vacant, and the Election of another Schoolmaster shall take place.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall not be Qualification of lawful for any Heritor, who is not a Proprietor of Lands within the Heritors. Parish to the Extent of at least One hundred Pounds Scots of

valued Rent appearing in the Land Tax Books of the County within which such Parish is situated, to attend or vote at any Meeting held pursuant to this Act; but every Heritor qualified as above may vote by Proxy, or by Letter under his Hand.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all former Acts Former Acts and Statutes with regard to Parish Schools or Schoolmasters are confirmed, hereby ratified and confirmed, in so far as they are not altered by

the express Provisions of this Act.

CAP. LV.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for EXP. the Defence and Security of the Realm, during the present War; and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for that Purpose.

[11th 1803.]

CAP. LVI.

An Act for regulating the Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's Plantations and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign Parts, with respect to the Number of such Passengers.

[24th 1803.]

WHEREAS in various Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, several Persons have been seduced ‘ to leave their Native Country under false Representations, and ‘ have suffered great Hardship on Shipboard for Want of Water

and Provisions, and other Necessaries, and of proper Accommo-

dation on their Passage: And Whereas it is expedient that no

Ship or Vessel should be permitted to carry a greater Number

of Passengers on long or distant Voyages, either to His Majesty’s

Colonies abroad, or to Foreign Countries, than can be properly i furnished with Provisions, and sufficiently accommodated on the

Passage; and it is also expedient that proper Security should be ‘ given for their being landed at the Ports or Places to which ‘ they may have contracted or agreed to be carried May it therefore please Your Majesty that it ma}^ be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au-

E 4 thority

o(y

C. 56.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

No Master of any British Vessel from any Place in the United Kingdom, shall carry to any Parts beyond Sea a greater Number of Persons than One for every Two Tons registered Burthen of the Part unladen, &c.

Penalty for taking on board more than allowed, 501. for each Person, and the Vessel shall be detained till the Penalty be paid.

Vessels to North America to have Provisions and Water.

thority of the same, That it shall not be lawful for any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any British Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall clear out from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, from and after the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to have on board, at or after being cleared out, at any one Time, or to convey, carry or transport, from any Place or Places in the said United Kingdom to any Parts beyond Sea, in any such Ship or Vessel, a greater Number of Persons, whether Adults or Children, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of One Person for every Two Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel; and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as is described and set forth in the respective Certificate of the Registry of each and every such Ship or Vessel, granted in pursuance of the several Acts in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively relating to such Certificates; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be partly laden with Goods, Wares or Merchandize, then it shall not be lawful for the Master or other Person having the Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel, to receive or take on board a greater Number of Persons including the Crew, than in the Proportion of One Person for every Two Tons of that Part of such Ship or Vessel remaining unladen; and such Goods, Wares or Merchandize with which such Vessel may be partly laden, shall, at the Sight and under the Direction of the Collector or Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place where such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be taken on board, be stowed and disposed of in such Manner as to leave good, sufficient and wholesome Accommodation for the Proportion of Persons hereby allowed in such Case to be received on board.

[as to Vessels going to Newfoundland and Labrador, 44 G. 3. c. 44. 56 G. 3. c. 83.; to Plantations abroad, 53 G. 3. c. 36. 59 G. 3. c. 124.; to Canada, , fyc. c.

57 G. 3. c. 10.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel shall take on board, or if he, or the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, shall engage to take on board a greater Number of Persons than in the Proportion allowed by this Act, such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each and every such Person exceeding in Number the Proportion hereinbefore limited; and moreover every such Ship or Vessel so having on board, conveying, carrying or transporting One or more Person or Persons beyond the Proportion hereinbefore limited, shall be seized and detained by the Collector, Comptroller, Surveyor or Officer of the Customs, until such Penalty or Penalties shall be satisfied and paid, or until such Master or other Person, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall give good and sufficient Bail for the Payment thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Ship or Vessel bound to any Port or Place in North America, shall be stored and furnished writh at least Twelve Weeks’ Provisions and good and wholesome Water, sufficient to afford an Allowance per Day during the Voyage, of not less than Half a Pound of Meat, One Pound and a Half of Bread, Biscuit or Oatmeal, with Half a

Pint

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C.

57

Pint of Melasses, and One Gallon of Water, to each and every Person on board, whether Adult or Child; and the Master of or other Person having or taking the Command of such Ship or Vessel, is hereby directed and enjoined to give out to each and every Person on board at least the Allowance herein directed each and every Day of the Voyage, under the Pain of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money aforesaid for each Neglect or Omission; and any Person demanding a Clearance for any such Ship or Vessel which shall not be stored with Provisions and Water in Manner herein directed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each and every Person for whom there shall not be a Quantity of Provisions and Water sufficient to afford the Allowance herein directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, before receiving a Clearance or Sufferance for any such Ship or Vessel, the Master, or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall deliver to the Officer of the Customs from whom such Clearance or Sufferance shall be demanded, a Muster Roll, distinguishing the Passengers from the Crew, and specifying the Names, Age and Sex of the Persons received or to be received on board, and the Conditions upon which Persons severally have been or are to be received on board, and the Place or Places to which such Persons have severally contracted to be carried or conveyed; and every Person delivering a false Muster Roll shall forfeit and pay for every Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds for each Person omitted, or falsely stated or described therein; and it shall and may be lawful for the Collector, Comptroller or Surveyor of the Customs of the Port or'Place at which any such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, or in the Absence of such Collector, Comptroller and Surveyor, the resident Officer of the Customs at the Port, together with any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace or other Magistrate, if such Justice or Magistrate can be found at such Port or Place, or within a convenient Distance thereof, and such Collector or Comptroller, or such resident Officer, together with such Justice or Magistrate, is hereby directed and required to muster the Passengers and Crew on board every such Ship or Vessel immediately before sailing, and to compare the Persons found on board with the Persons specified and described in the said Muster Roll delivered by such Master or other Person aforesaid, and to search and inspect every such Ship or Vessel; and if it shall appear that a false Muster Roll has been delivered, or if more Persons shall be found on board than in the Proportion herein allowed, or if the Ship or Vessel shall not be stored and provided with Provisions and Water sufficient to afford the Allowance herein directed, then it shall be lawful for such Collector or Comptroller of the Customs, or the principal Officer of the Customs, together with any such Justice or other Magistrate, to seize and detain such Ship or Vessel, and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, until he or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel shall find good and sufficient Bail, to the Amount of the Penalties hereby imposed for exceeding the Proportion of Persons to be received on board, as hereinbefore limited, and for demanding a Clearance for any such Ship or Vessel without being stored with Provisions and Water in Manner herein directed, and for delivering a false Muster Roll; and no Clearance shall be

given

Not distributing daily.

Penalty, 20l.

Demanding Clearance for Vessels not properly stored. Penalty, 501.

Before Clearance, a Muster Roll delivered to Officer of Customs.

False Muster. Penalty.

Officer of Customs, with a Justice, to muster Passengers and Men before sailing, and may detain Vessels till Bail found, for Penalties incurred

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

58

No Clearance until Bluster, &c.

Certified Copy of Muster delivered to Blaster, and Original preserved at Custom House.

Passenger desirous of not proceeding may be taken out of Vessel by Justice, &c.

No Passenger received on board but where Officer of Customs stationed.

Penalty, 5001.

Vessels carrying 50 Persons to be provided with a Surgeon.

Every Surgeon to have a Medicine Chest properly stored, on Oath, &c.

C. 56.

given by any Officer of the Customs, until the said Collector or Comptroller, Surveyor or principal Officer of the Customs, together with such Justice or Magistrate, shall have mustered the Persons on board, and shall have searched and inspected the Ship or Vessel, and Provisions and Water, in Manner herein directed; and if upon such Inspection the Regulations of this Act shall be found to have been duly complied with, a Copy of the said Muster Roll so delivered as aforesaid shall be certified by such Collector or Comptroller, or principal Officer of the Customs aforesaid, to be delivered to such Master or other Person aforesaid, and shall be preserved by him on board such Ship or Vessel; and the original Muster Roll delivered by such Master or other Person as aforesaid, shall remain and be preserved at the Custom House where the Clearance or Sufferance is granted.

[This Section part

pealed, 58 G. 3. c. 89.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if upon any such Muster, or otherwise, any Passenger, or Person who has entered into any Contract or Agreement for such Voyage (other than the Crew of such Ship or Vessel) , shall signify to such Collector or Comptroller, or other Officer of the Customs, or to any Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, that he or she is desirous of being relanded, or of not proceeding on any such Voyage, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector, Comptroller or other Officer of the Customs, and such Justice of the Peace or other Magistrate, and they are hereby empowered and required to take such Person out of the Ship or Vessel; and it shall be lawful to and for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, and they are hereby empowered and required, to set any such Passenger free from his Engagement, reserving to either Party any legal Claim which may arise in consequence thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Passenger shall be received on board of any such Ship or Vessel, unless at a Port or Place where a Custom House shall be established, or Officers of the Customs shall be stationed; and if any Passengers shall be taken on board any such Ship or Vessel at any other Port or Place, the Master, or other Person having or taking Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall forfeit and pay the sum of Five hundred Pounds; and such.Ship or Vessel shall be seized and detained by any Officer of the Customs, until such Penalty shall be paid, or such Master or other Person, or the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, shall find good and sufficient Bail for the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel

carrying Fifty Persons or upwards, including the Crew, shall be cleared out, unless such Ship or Vessel shall be provided with a Surgeon, who shall produce to the Officer of the Customs required to give the Clearance or Sufferance, a Certificate of his having passed his Examination at Surgeons’ Hall, in, or at the

Royal College of Surgeons of Edinburgh or Lublin.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surgeon shall have a Medicine Chest properly stored with Medicines, in Proportion to the Number of Persons on board of such Ship or Vessel, of the Kind, and according to the Assortment generally used and made for such Voyages on board of His Majesty's Ships of War; and before any such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to be cleared

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 56. 59

out, every such Surgeon shall specify upon Oath, before the Collector or Comptroller, or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel is to be cleared out, the Contents of such Medicine Chest, and shall further make Oath that the Medicines are of good and proper Quality, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, which Oath such Collector, Comptroller or other Chief Officer of the Customs is hereby required and empowered to administer; and the Affidavit of every such Surgeon shall be deposited and preserved in the Custom House where the Clearance or Sufferance of such Ship or Vessel shall be granted, and the Master or Owner of every such Ship or Vessel failing to provide a Medicine Chest of the Description above mentioned, and every such Surgeon neglecting or refusing to make Oajh as herein directed, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Bedding of each and every Passenger on board any such Ship or Vessel shall be aired by Exposure upon the Deck, when the Weather will permit, once a Day during the Voyage, and such Ship or Vessel shall be fumigated with Vinegar at least twice in every Week during the Voyage; and every such Master or other Person having or taking such Charge or Command shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Failure or Neglect in airing the said Bedding, or in fumigating the Ship or Vessel.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Clearance or Sufferance shall be granted to any such Ship or Vessel, unless the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, and also the Surgeon thereof, where a Surgeon is by this Act required, shall have given Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, such Bond to be taken by and left in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller, or other principal Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, with Condition that such Master or other Person having such Charge or Command as aforesaid, and such Surgeon, where a Surgeon is required, shall severally keep a regular and true Journal, containing an Account of the greatest Number of Persons which shall have been on board of such Ship or Vessel at the Time of her Departure, and at any Time during her Voyage, and until her Arrival at the Port of her Destination, and of the Provisions and Water on board, and of the Delivery of the daily Allowances thereof in manner herein directed, and of the airing of Bedding, and of the fumigating the Ship or Vessel, and of the Deaths of any of the Passengers or Crew of the said Ship or Vessel, and of the Cause thereof, during the Voyage, from the first Departure of the said Ship or Vessel, to her Arrival at her Port of Destination; and such Master or other Person having or taking such Charge or Command as aforesaid, and such Surgeon, shall deliver such Journals to the Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, at the first Port of the United Kingdom where such Ship or Vessel shall arrive after returning from such Port of Destination, and shall severally make Oath to the Truth of their respective Journals, to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, before such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, who is hereby authorized and required to administer the said Oath; and such

Collector

Not providing Medicine Chest, &c.

Penalty, 50l.

Bedding aired and Vessel fumigated.

Penalty, 20l.

Master and Surgeon shall give Bond to keep Journals during Voyage,

and to deliver them on Oath to Officer at Port of Arrival on Return from Voyage; and Officer to deliver to them Copies, and transmit Duplicates to the Commissioners of the Customs.

60

C. 56.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 180S.

Penalty, 1001.

Masters of Foreign Vessels not to have on board more than One Person for every Five Tons Burthen;

Penalty, 50l. per Head.

Proviso for Government Vessels.

Relanding Provisions or Water,

Penalty, 2001.;

Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, shall deliver to such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and to such Surgeon respectively, Copies of the Oaths of such Master or other Person as aforesaid, and such Surgeon, and also of the said Journals respectively, which Copies shall severally be attested as true Copies, under the Hand of such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid; and Duplicates of the said Copies, attested in like manner, shall be transmitted by the said Collector or other Officer aforesaid, to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in, Edinburgh,

or Dublin respectively, according as such Journal shall be delivered, and such Oath shall be made, *' in England, Scotland or Ireland; and if such Master or other Person aforesaid, or Surgeon, shall act contrary hereto, such Master or other Person, and Surgeon, shall, for each and every such Offence, severally forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[So much of this Section

as requires Bond repealed, 1 G. 4?. c. 7. § 1.]

XI.

[And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for

any Master or other Person taking or having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, other than a British Ship or Vessel, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, clearing out from any Port or Place in the United Kingdom aforesaid, from and after the said First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to have or take on board a greater Number of Persons, including the Crew, than in the Proportion of One Person for every Five Tons of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel; ] and every such Ship or Vessel shall be deemed and taken to be of such Tonnage or Burthen as shall be ascertained by the Oath of the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, taken before the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs, at the Port from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, which Oath the said Collector or Chief Officer is hereby authorized and required to administer; and it shall and may be lawful for such Collector or Chief Officer to muster the Passengers and Crew, and to search and inspect every such Ship or Vessel, and if more Persons shall be found on board than in the Proportion herein allowed, every such Master or other Person as aforesaid shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Person so taken on board beyond the Proportion herein allowed, One Moiety whereof shall go to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the other Half to such Collector or other Officer aforesaid, who is hereby empowered to seize and detain such Ship or Vessel, until such Penalties shall be paid.

[The Provision in Brackets

extended, 56 G. 3. c. 114. §1.]

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to Ships or Vessels in the Service of His Majesty, or of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or of the Customs and Excise in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, or of the East India Company.

[See53 G. 3. c. 36. §1, 2, 3.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if, after any such Ship or Vessel shall have been cleared out, any Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, shall unship, reland, or permit or suffer to be unshipped or relanded, any Provisions or Water, such Master or other Person shall forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 56.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Passenger or Passengers, who may be desirous not to proceed on such Voyage, shall be relanded, or shall not proceed in the manner hereinbefore directed, then it shall and may be lawful for such Master or other Person aforesaid, to unship or reland, under the Inspection of the Officer of the Customs at the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, a Quantity of Provisions and Water not exceeding the Proportion sufficient for the Allowance of such Passenger or Passengers so relanded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That an Abstract of this Act shall be prepared by and with the Direction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, Scotland and Ireland respectively, and a Copy thereof shall be hung up in the Custom House of every Port of the United Kingdom, and a Copy thereof, and a Copy also of the said Muster Roll, shall be hung up and affixed to the most public Place of every Ship or Vessel carrying Passengers under the Regulations of this Act; and the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall cause the said Copies to be renewed, so that the same may be at all times accessible to every Person on board of such Ship or Vessel, upon Pain that every such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of every such Ship or Vessel, who shall neglect to affix or renew the same, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Captains and Officers commanding His Majesty's Ships of War or Revenue Cutters, who shall meet any such Ships or Vessels at Sea, shall and ‘may, and they are hereby empowered and required to call for the said Muster Roll, and to search such Ship or Vessel; and if any more or other Persons shall be found on board than are specified in such Muster Roll, or if a Quantity of Provisions shall not be found on board sufficient to afford to each Person the daily Allowances herein directed during the Remainder of the Voyage, unless it shall appear that such Vessel has been detained on her Passage, after leaving the Port or Place at which the Passengers embarked, beyond the Time for which the Quantity of Provisions hereby required are directed to be provided, or if such Allowances shall riot have been dealt out in the preceding Part of the Voyage in manner herein directed, then in either of these Cases such Captains or Officers may seize and detain such Ship or Vessel, until good and sufficient Bail shall be given at the Port or Place to which such Ship or Vessel may be carried by the Order and Direction of such Captains or Officers, who are hereby empowered to put Hands on board, to take Charge of her for that Purpose; and if the State of such Ship or Vessel, and the Provisions on board thereof, will permit, it shall and may be lawful for such Captains or Officers to send back such Ship or Vessel to the Port from whence she was cleared out, or otherwise to carry such Ship or Vessel into such Port as the State of the Provisions on board, or the Supply which such Captains or Officers can afford, will permit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, unless the Owner or Owners, or the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command thereof, shall have given Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors,

61

except in Proportion to Persons relanded.

Abstract of Act hung up in every Custom House; and Copy, and of Muster Roll, in every Vessel.

Penalty, 201.

Officers of Ships of War, &c. may call for Muster Rolls and search Ships at Sea, and if the Provisions of this Act have not been complied with, may seize and send them to some Port,

Bond that Vessels are Seaworthy, and that Passengers shall be duly delivered.

62

C. 56.

13° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Officers of Customs unduly signing Sufferances.

[Penalty.]

How Penalties paid and recovered.

Double Costs.

Limitation of Suits for Penalties.

Application of Penalties.

Perjury.

Limitation of Actions for Things done in pursuance of this Act.

General Issue,

such Bond to be taken by and left in the Hands of the Collector or Comptroller, or other proper Officer of the Customs in the Port or Place from whence such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared out, in an Amount equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds for each Passenger on board such Ship or Vessel, with Condition that such Vessel is Seaworthy, and that every such Passenger, if alive, shall be landed at the Port or Ports to which such Passenger shall have contracted to be conveyed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Officers of the Customs shall knowingly sign or give out any Clearance or Sufferance for any such Ship or Vessel, contrary to the Regulations of this Act, every such Officer shall forfeit and lose his Employment, and shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sum and Sums of

Money, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act mentioned and contained, shall be calculated and paid and payable within Great Britain in lawful Money of Great, and within Ireland in

Irish Currency; and that any Penalty or Forfeiture inflicted by this Act may be prosecuted, sued for, and recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin, or in the Court of Exchequer or in the Court of Session in Scotland, in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General for England or, or His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland respectively, or in the Name of any Person or Persons whatsoever, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and in every Action or Suit the Person against whom Judgment shall be given for any Penalty or Forfeiture under this Act, shall pay Double Costs of Suit; and every such Action or Suit shall and may be brought at any Time within Three Years after the Offence committed, and not afterwards; and One Moiety of every Penalty to be recovered by virtue of this Act shall go and be applied to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as shall first sue for the same, after deducting the Charges of Prosecution from the Whole.

[See49 G.3. c. 116. §21.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person taking any Oath by this Act authorized or required to be taken, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, or if any Person shall unlawfully procure or suborn any Person to take any Oath by this Act authorized or required to be taken, whereby such Person shall commit wilful Perjury, every such Person shall incur and suffer the like Pains and Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful and corrupt Perjury, or Subornation of Perjury, in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere, and that the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

63

C. 56, 57, 5s;

clence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Double Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, alter or affect any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom now in Force in the United Kingdom, or within Great Britain or Ireland respectively, for the Restriction or Regulation of Artificers and others from or in going or passing from any Part of the United Kingdom to Parts beyond the Seas, or to regulate the Ships or Vessels carrying and conveying such Artificers or other Persons whatsoever, or the Masters or Commanders, or Persons having the Charge of such Ships or Vessels, but that all such Laws, Usages and Customs, shall remain in full Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been had or made.

CAP. LVII.

An Act for the better Protection of the Trade of the United Kingdom during the present Hostilities with France.

[24th June 1803.]

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for the further Prevention of malicious shooting, and attempting to discharge loaded Fire Arms, stabbing, cutting, wounding, poisoning, and the malicious using of Means to procure the Miscarriage of Women; and also the malicious setting Fire to Buildings; and also for repealing a certain Act, made in England in the Twenty first Year of the late King James the First, intituled An Act to prevent the destroying and mnrthof Bastard Children; and also an Act made in Ireland in the Sixth Year of the Reign of the late Queen Annalso intituled, An Act to prevent the destroying and mnrth of Bastard Children; and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS divers cruel and barbarous Outrages have been of late wickedly and wantonly committed in divers Parts ‘ of England and Ireland, upon the Persons of divers of His Majesty's Subjects, either with an Intent to murder, or to rob, or ‘ to maim, disfigure or disable, or to do other grievous bodily ‘ Harm to such Subjects: And Whereas the Provisions now by

Law

Double Cost*.

Proviso for Laws respecting Artificers going to Parts beyond the Seas.

EXP.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

64

Persons in England or Ireland maliciously shooting or attempting to shoot at, or stabbing or cutting, with intent to murder, rob or maim, &c.; or to prevent Arrests of Culprits; or administering Poison; or maliciously setting Fire to any House, &c. Felony without Clergy.

C. 58.

+Law made for the Prevention of such Offences have been found ineffectual for that Purpose: And Whereas certain other heinous Offences, committed with Intent to destroy the Lives of His Majesty's Subjects by Poison, or with Intent to procure the Miscarriage of Women, or with Intent by burning to destroy or injure the Buildings and other Property of His Majesty's Subjects, or to prejudice Persons who have become Insurers of or upon the same, have been of late also frequently committed, but no adequate Means have been hitherto provided for the Prevention and Punishment of such Offences

Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the First Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, shall, either in England or,

wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully shoot at any of His Majesty's Subjects, or shall wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully present, point or level any kind of loaded Fire Arms at any of His Majesty's Subjects, and attempt, by drawing a Trigger, or in any other manner, to discharge the same at or against his or their Person or Persons, or shall wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully stab or cut any of His Majesty's Subjects, with Intent in so doing, or by means thereof, to murder or rob, or to maim, disfigure or disable such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to do some other grievous bodily Harm to such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects, or with Intent to obstruct, resist or prevent the lawful Apprehension and Detainer of the Person or Persons so stabbing or cutting, or the lawful Apprehension and Detainer of any of his, her or their Accomplices for any Offences for which he, she or they may respectively be liable by Law to be apprehended, imprisoned or detained; or shall wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully administer to, or cause to be administered to or taken by any of His Majesty's Subjects, any deadly Poison, or other noxious and destructive Substance or Thing (a) , with Intent such His Majesty's Subject or Subjects thereby to murder, or thereby to cause and procure the Miscarriage of any Woman then being quick with Child; or shall wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully set Fire to any House, Barn, Granary, Hop Oast, Malthouse, Stable, Coach House, Outhouse, Mill, Warehouse or Shop, whether such House, Barn, Granary, Hop Oast, Malthouse, Stable, Coach House, Outhouse, Mill, Warehouse or Shop, shall then be in the Possession of the Person or Persons so setting Fire to the same, or in the Possession of any other Person or Persons, or of any Body Corporate, with Intent thereby to injure or defraud His Majesty or any of His Majesty's Subjects, or any Body Corporate, that then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so offending, their Counsellors, Aiders and Abettors, knowing of and privy to such Offence, shall be and are hereby declared to be Felons, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy (a):Provided always, that in case it shall appear on the Trial of any Person or Persons indicted for the wilfully, maliciously

(a) [See § 2. post; and as to destroying, £$c. see

52 G.3. c. 130.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 5

65

and unlawfully shooting at any of His Majesty's Subjects, or for wilfully, maliciously and unlawfully presenting, pointing or levelling any kind of loaded Fire Arms at any of His Majesty's Subjects, and attempting, by drawing a Trigger, or in any other manner, to discharge the same at or against his or their Person or Persons, or for the wilfully, or maliciously and unlawfullystabbingor cutting any of His Majesty's Subjects with such Intent as aforesaid, that such Acts of stabbing or cutting were committed under such Circumstances as that if Death had ensued therefrom the same would not in Law have amounted to the Crime of Murder, that then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so indicted shall be deemed and taken to be not guilty of the Felonies whereof they shall be so indicted, but be thereof acquitted.

II. And Whereas it may sometimes happen that Poison or some ‘ other noxious and destructive Substance or Thing may be given,

or other Means used, with Intent to procure Miscarriage or i Abortion where the Woman may not be quick with Child at the Time, or it may not be proved that she was quick with Child Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the said First Day of July in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, shall wilfully and maliciously administer to, or cause to be administered to, or taken by any Woman, any Medicines, Drug, or other Substance or Thing whatsoever, — or shall use or employ, or cause or procure to be used or employed, any Instrument or other Means whatsoever, with Intent thereby to cause or procure the Miscarriage of any Woman not being, or not being proved to be, quick with Child at the Time of administering such Things or using such Means, that then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so offending, their Counsellors, Aiders and Abettors, knowing of and privy to such Offence, shall be and are hereby declared to be guilty of Felony, and shall be liable to be fined, imprisoned, set in and upon the Pillory, publicly or privately whipped, or to suffer one or more of the said Punishments, or to be transported bej^ond the Seas for any Term not exceeding Fourteen Years, at the Discretion of the Court before which such Offender shall be tried and convicted.

III. And Whereas Doubts have been entertained respecting the true Sense and Meaning of a certain Act of Parliament, made in England in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His < late Majesty King James the First, intituled An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard Children; and also of

‘ a certain other Act of Parliament, made in Ireland in the Sixth ‘ Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen, also intituled (An Act to prevent the destroying and murthering of Bastard

Children; and the same have been found in sundry Cases difficult { and inconvenient to be put in Practice For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the First Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred" and three, the said Two several Acts, and every thing therein contained, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that from and after the said First Day of July in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, the Trials in England and Ireland respectively of Women charged with the Murder of any Issue of their Bodies, Male or Female, which

43 Geo. III. F, being

When killing by such stabbing, Sec. is not Murder by La Parties indicted under this Act acquitted.

Punishment of Persons administering Medicines to Women though not quick with Child, to procure Miscarriage, Felony, punishable by Imprisonment or Transportation.

English Act, 21 Jac.l. c. 27 and

Irish Act,

6 Annas, c. 4. repealed.

Trials of Women for Murder of Bastards shall proceed as in other Cases of Murder.

66

C. 58, 59.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Women acquitted of sxich Murder may, in cases of Concealment, be imprisoned.

being born alive would by Law be Bastard, shall proceed and be governed by such and the like Rules of Evidence and of Presumption as are by Law used and allowed to take place in respect to other Trials for Murder, and as if the said Two several Acts had never been made.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Jury by whose Verdict any Prisoner charged with such Murder as aforesaid shall be acquitted, to find, in case it shall so appear in Evidence, that the Prisoner was delivered of Issue of her Body, Male or Female, which, if born alive, would have been Bastard, and that she did, by secret burying or otherwise, endeavour to conceal the Birth thereof, and thereupon it shall be lawful for the Court before which such Prisoner shall have been tried, to adjudge that such Prisoner shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Two Years.

[Offences against this Act, subject to sions of Stat. 1 G. 4. c. 90. See § 2. of that

Surveyors of County

Bridges, &c, in England, empowered to get Materials for the Repair of Bridges, in the same Manner as Surveyors of Highways under 13 G.3. c. 78.

CAP. LIX.

An Act for remedying certain Defects in the Laws relative to the building and repairing of County Bridges, and other Works maintained at the Expence of the Inhabitants of Counties in England.

[24th June 1803.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of Counties in that Part of the United Kingdom called England, are by Law bound to repair, support and maintain the public Bridges, commonly called County Bridges, within such Counties respectively, and the Roads at each of the Ends thereof for limited Distances; but the Laws ‘ empowering them so to do are insufficient and defective: And 4 Whereas Doubts have arisen how far the said Inhabitants are liable to improve such Bridges when they are not sufficiently commodious for the Public For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful to and for the Surveyor of Bridges and other public Works, in each and every County respectively within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, appointed or to be appointed by the Justices at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such County, and the said Surveyor is hereby authorized and empowered to search for, take and carry away Gravel, Stone, Sand and other Materials, for the Repair of such Bridges and Roads at the Ends thereof, as the Inhabitants of Counties are bound to repair, and to remove Obstructions and Annoyances from such Bridges and Roads, in such and the same manner as the Surveyor or Surveyors of any Common Highway within this Kingdom is of are, by an Act made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain, amend and reduce into One of Parliament the Statutes now in being for the Amendment and Preservation of the public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called

England, and for other Purposes, authorized to do; and the several Powers and Authorities thereby vested in the Surveyor or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 59. 67

Surveyors of Highways, as well for the getting of Materials as the preventing and removing of all Nuisances and Annoyances from such Bridges and Roads, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Surveyor and Surveyors of County Bridges, and the Roads at the Ends thereof as aforesaid; and the several Penalties,

Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said Act contained, relating to Highways, shall be and the same are hereby extended and applied, as far as the same are applicable, to such Bridges, and the Roads at the Ends thereof as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same and every Part thereof were herein repeated and re-enacted; the said Surveyor or Surveyors making Satisfaction and Compensation for all Trespass and Damage done in the Execution of the Powers of this Act, in such and the same manner as the Surveyors of Highways are required to make in and by the said abovementioned Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That where any Bridge or Bridges, Quarter Ses-or Roads at the Ends thereof, repaired at the Expence of any County, sions may widen shall be narrow and incommodious, it shall and may be lawful to and aiter'tii^Sinia^ for the said Justices, at any of their General Quarter Sessions, to tion Qf County* order and direct such Bridge or Bridges, and Roads, to be widened, Bridges, &c., improved and made commodious for the Public; and that where any Bridge or Bridges, repaired at the Expence of any County, shall be so much in Decay as to render the taking the same wholly down necessary or expedient, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, at any of their said General Quarter Sessions, to order and direct the same to be rebuilt, either on the old Scite or Situation, or on any new one more convenient to the Public, contiguous to or within Two hundred Yards of the former one, as to such Justices shall seem meet; and if, for the Purpose of altering the Situation, or of widening or enlarging any such Bridge or Bridges, Road or Roads as aforesaid, it shall be necessary to purchase any Land or Ground, it shall and may be lawful for such County Surveyor or Surveyors, by and under the Direction of such Justices at their General Quarter Sessions as aforesaid, to set out and ascertain the same, not exceeding in the Whole One Acre at any One such Bridge as aforesaid, and to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners of such Land and Persons interested therein for the Purchase thereof, either by a Sum in Gross or b}1- an annual Rent, at the Option of such Owner or Owners; and if the said Surveyor or Surveyors cannot agree with the said Owner or Owners for the Purchase thereof, or the Recompence to be made for the same, or by reason of such Owner or Owners not being to be found shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Justices in their General Quarter Sessions shall impannel a Jury and assess the Compensation and Satisfaction for such Land, and for the Trespass and Damage to be done by the Execution of the Powers of this Act, in the same manner as they are authorized and empowered to do by the said abovementioned Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in relation to Highways; and all and every the Clauses,

Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Matters and Things in the said Act contained, as well with respect to impannelling Juries, examining and swearing Witnesses, Payments of Expences,

F 2 enabling

68

C. 59.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

on Presentment of Insufficiency,

& c.

12 G. 2. c. 29. Tools and Materials provided by the Quarter Sessions vested in the Surveyor.

Inhabitants of Counties may sue for Damages done to Bridges in the Name of the Surveyor.

What Sort of Bridges Inhabitants of Counties shall be liable to repair.

enabling Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and other incapacitated Persons, to sell and convey, and all other the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, shall be and the same are hereby extended and applied to the Works by this Act authorized to be done and performed, as far as the same are applicable, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted; provided that no Money shall be applied to the Amendment or Alteration of any such Bridge or Bridges until Presentment shall have been made of the Insufficiency, Inconveniency or want of Reparation of such Bridge or Bridges, in pursuance of some or one of the Statutes made and now in force concerning public Bridges.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all Tools, Implements, Timber, Bricks, Stones, Gravel and other Materials purchased, gotten or had, or to be purchased, gotten or had by or by the Order of Justices in Counties, or the Surveyor of County Bridges for the time being, or in any respect belonging to such Counties, shall be and the same are hereby vested in such Surveyor for the time being, in whom, upon any Action or Indictment being commenced or prosecuted, such Property may be laid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Inhabitants of Counties shall and may sue for any Damages done to Bridges and other Works maintained and repaired at the Expence of such Counties respectively, and for the recovering of any Property belonging to such Counties, in the Name of their Surveyor, and also shall and may be sued in the Name of such Surveyor; and no Action or Prosecution to be brought or commenced by or against the Inhabitants of Counties by virtue of this Act in the Name of the said Surveyor, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Surveyor, or by the Act of the Surveyor, without the Consent of the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions assembled, but the Surveyor for the time being shall be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Actions, as the case may be:Provided always, that every such Surveyor in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies in the Hands of the Treasurer of the public Stock of such County respectively, all such Costs and Charges as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein; and also all the Costs and Charges of prosecuting any Indictment or Indictments, or other Proceedings against any Person or Persons whomsoever.

V. And for the more clearly ascertaining the Description of ‘ Bridges hereafter to be erected, which Inhabitants of Counties shall and may be bound or liable to repair and maintain Be it further enacted, That no Bridge hereafter to be erected or built in any County by or at the Expence of any Individual or private Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, shall be deemed or taken to be a County Bridge, or a Bridge which the Inhabitants of any County shall be compellable or liable to maintain or repair, unless such Bridge shall be erected in a substantial and commodious manner, under the Direction or to the Satisfaction of the County Surveyor or Person appointed by the Justices of the Peace at their

Genera]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO.

C. 59, 6

69

General Quarter Sessions assembled, or by the Justices of the Peace of the County of Lancaster at their annual General Sessions; and which Surveyor or Person so appointed is hereby required to superintend and inspect the Erection of such Bridge when thereunto requested by the Party or Parties desirous of erecting the same; and in case the said Party or Parties shall be dis-satisfied, the Matter shall be determined by the said Justices respectively, at their next General Quarter Sessions, or at their annual General Sessions in the County of Lancaster.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings Orders respect-

made and had within the County of York relative to County ing County Bridges, shall in future be made and had by the Justices of the York

respective Ridings assembled at the annual and General Quarter ^uVe made at Sessions of the Peace holden the first whole Week after, and Easter Ses-

at no other Sessions whatever within such Ridings, except at such sions. Adjournment as shall be made at the above annual and General

Quarter Sessions so holden as aforesaid, for the express Purpose of carrying such Orders made as aforesaid into Effect: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the said Ridings respectively, in cases of Emergency, to give such Orders for making temporary Bridges or such temporary Repairs as shall be necessary for the temporary Accommodation of the Public.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Proviso far herein contained shall extend to any Bridges or Roads which any Bridges repairperson or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is, are or shall ed by Tenure, fee liable to maintain or repair by reason of Tenure or by Prescription, or to alter or affect the Right to repair such Bridges or

Roads.

[Public Act.]

" § 8.

[See 5% G.3. c. 90. 55 G.3. c. 143. Bridges at present repaired

by Inhabitants of Districts deemed County See

1 & 2 G.4. c. lx/.]

CAP. LX.

An Act for remedying certain Defects that have occurred in EXP. the issuing of certain Exchequer Bills.

[24th 1803 ]

CAP. LXL

An Act for the Relief of Soldiers, Sailors and Marines, and of the Wives of Soldiers, in the Cases therein mentioned, so far as relates to England.

[24th June 1303.]

WHEREAS Soldiers and Marines, and Sailors, or Persons discharged from being such, having Occasion to return to their respective Homes or Places of legal Settlement in,

which are frequently at a considerable Distance, are under the necessity of soliciting Alms for their Relief: And Whereas by such soliciting they have been, by and under an Act of the Thirty 32G.S. c. 45.

‘ second Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign oj i His late Majesty King George the Seco, intituled (An Act to 1 amend and make more effectual the Laws relating to,

F 3 gabonds

Soldier or Sailor, on carrying Discharge within Three Days to nearest Chief Magistrate, to receive a Certificate of Settlement:

in what Case he shall not, for asking Relief, be deemed a Vagabond.

Soldiers’ Wives, not being permitted to embark with their Husbands, to receive from nearest Chief Magistrate a like Certificate, which shall entitle them to ask Relief on their Route, &c.

C. 61. 43° GEO. III. A.D. JS03.

gabonds and other idle and disorderly , and to Houses of Correction, ’ deemed Rogues and Vagabonds, within the Meaning

‘ of the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and liable to be punished accordingly:’For Remedy thereof, may it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Soldier or Marine duly discharged out of any Regiment, and every Sailor duly discharged out of any Ship or Vessel belonging to His Majesty's Navy, carrying his Discharge by the Third Day at the latest from the Date thereof, to the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the City, Town, Port or Corporate Place, nearest to or within Fifteen Miles from the Place where he shall have received his Discharge, shall receive from such Mayor or Chief Magistrate a Certificate under his Hand, stating the Place to which the Person so discharged is desirous of going, being his Home or Place of legal Settlement, together with the Time to be fixed, not exceeding Ten Days for every One hundred Miles, and so in Proportion, except for a reasonable Cause to be expressed in such Certificate; and such Person having and producing to such Persons as shall lawfully demand to see the same such Discharge, and such Certificate as aforesaid, and being in his Route accordingly, both as to Time and Road, shall not by reason of asking Relief be deemed to be a Rogue or Vagabond within the Meaning of the said Acts, or either of them:Provided always, that every such Discharge shall bear the true Date, both as to the Time when and the Place where it was given, and shall express the Sum or Sums, if any, which were paid to such Soldier or Sailor at such Time and Place.

II. And Whereas it frequently happens that where Regiments are ordered upon Foreign Service, the Wives of Noncommisioned Officers and Soldiers being with their Husbands, are not permitted to embark, and having thereupon the like Occasion to return to their Homes or Places of legal Settlement, are under the like Necessity of soliciting Alms; and it is expedient that they also should be declared free and exempt from the Fines and Penalties of the said Acts; ’ Be it further enacted, That the Wife of any Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier ordered for Foreign Service, making due Proof of her not being permitted to embark with her Husband, before the Mayor or Chief Magistrate of the City, Town, Port or Corporate Place, nearest to or within Fifteen Miles from the Place at which the Regiment to which the said Noncommissioned Officer or Soldier belongs is ordered to embark, or of any other City, Town, Port or Corporate Place at which the said Regiment shall happen to be on its March under Orders for Embarkation, shall receive from such Mayor or Chief Magistrate a Certificate under his Hand, and the Corporate Seal of such City, Town, Port or Place, stating the Place to which she is desirous of going, being her Home or Place of legal Settlement, together with the Time to be fixed, not exceeding Ten Days for every One hundred Miles, and so in Proportion, except for a reasonable Cause to be expressed in such Certificate; and such Person having, and producing to such Person as shall lawfully demand the same, such Certificate,

and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 61 — 65.

71

and being in her Route accordingly both as to Time and Road, shall not, by reason of asking Relief, be deemed to be a Rogue or Vagabond within the Meaning of the said Acts or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Accident or Sickness duly proved, which shall prevent the Person having such Certificate from proceeding on his or her Journey, according to the Terms prescribed therein, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chief Magistrate of any other City, Town, Port or Corporate Place, where such Person shall be, or shall arrive, to grant a new Certificate, stating therein the true Reasons for granting the same, and containing the like Provisions as are hereinbefore described, and annex the same to the former Certificate.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Certificates or Passes granted as heretofore from the Office of Admiralty or War Office to discharged Sailors, Soldiers or Marines, or to the Families of Sailors, Soldiers or Marines serving abroad, or lately deceased, to carry them to their respective Homes, shall have the same Effect and Force to all Intents and Purposes whatever as the Certificates herein permitted to be given by the Magistrate as aforesaid; and that the Terms of the same may be extended in each Instance which shall appear to require it, by a new Certificate from another Magistrate in Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as are now serving in the Militia of Great.

[24 th 1803.]

CAP. LXIII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An

Act for regulating the Manner which the United Company of' Merchants of England trading to the East Indies shall hire and take up Ships for their regidar Service; to continue until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six.

[24th June 1803.]

CAP. LXIV.

An Act for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in His Majesty's Ships of War, and on board Merchant' Ships and other trading Ships and Vessels, during the present Hostilities.

[24th 1803.]

CAP. LXV.

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at Charlton in the county of , for further promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance.

[24th June 1803.]

New Certificates in case of Accident or Sickness.

Passes granted as heretofore from Admiralty or War Office shall have the same Effect as those given by Magistrates under this Act.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

72

C. 66, 67, 68.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Hereditaments at IVeedon Beck in the county of , for

erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance.

[24 th 1803.]

CAP. LXVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Twelve Millions by way of Annuities.

[24th June 1803.]

S7 G. 3.C. 13.

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Customs payable in Great Britain, and to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[24th June 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled

An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise *

and granting other Duties in lieu and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing Public Revenue; for permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining the for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt, the Duties of Customs were simplified and consolidated: And Whereas many new and additional Duties of Customs have been from time to time granted since the passing of the said Act, and which for the better ascertaining the annual Produce and Appropriation thereof, have been kept distinct and carried to separate Accounts, both in the Receipt thereof and

in His Majesty's Exchequer; and the Computation of the Duties of Customs has thereby again become complicated and intricate: And Whereas it is expedient, for the affording Facility and Accommodation to mercantile Transactions, that the several ‘ Duties of Customs now payable, (except as is hereinafter provided) , should be again consolidated: And Whereas it is necessary, for carrying into Execution the Purposes aforesaid, that all

such Duties should cease and determine, and that other Duties of Customs should be granted in lieu thereof: And Whereas it will greatly simplify the keeping the public Accounts of the Revenue of Customs, if the Duties were received and accounted for in one Sum, and carried only to one Account in the Exchequer, and that separate Accounts for Ten Years from the respective Periods at which any of the said Duties were granted,

should no longer be kept, but that in lieu thereof Accounts should be laid before Parliament for such respective Periods as aforesaid of the Produce of such Duties, as far as the same can be ascertained:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 68.

73

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and singular the Subsidies, Customs, Impositions or Duties whatever (respecting the Revenue of Customs) , payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three, upon the Importation or Exportation respectively of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize into or from Great Britain, or upon any Goods, Wares or Merchandize being brought or carried coastwise, or from Port to Port within Great Britain, or upon any Ship or Vessel, according to the Tonnage thereof (except as hereinafter is provided) , entering or clearing outwards or inwards at any Port within Great Britain, and the several and respective Drawbacks allowed upon the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize from Great,

and also all the additional Imposts or Duties charged upon the Product and Amount of the said several Duties of Customs, shall cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may, on the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, remain unpaid, or to any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any Time before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or any wise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Bailage or Portage, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of Lo, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within'Great Britain, or to repeal or any ways alter the Prisage of Wine, the Duty called Butlerage, (a) or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law, but the same shall be continued as heretofore. (a) [

may contract for Purchase of Prisage and Butlerage, Cap. l56.post. Butlerage made to cease, 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 36.]

II. And Whereas it is necessary that other Duties of Customs ‘ should.be granted to Your Majesty in lieu of the Duties repealed by this ActWe, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ’,

in Parliament assembled, have therefore given and granted to Your Majesty the several Duties of Customs hereinafter mentioned; and do humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in lieu and stead of the Subsidies and Duties of Customs hereby made to cease and determine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in ready Money, (except as hereinafter is provided) , without any Discount whatever, upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize imported and brought into Great Britain from Parts beyond the Seas, and upon Goods, Wares or Merchandize exported from Great, and upon Goods,

Wares or Merchandize brought or carried coastwise, or from Port

to

The present Duties of Customs and Drawbacks to cease.

Proviso for Duties of Package, &c. in London, and for Prisage or Butlerage.

Duties and Drawbacks in Schedule and Tables annexed, levied and allowed in lieu of former Duties and Drawbacks.

74

C. 68.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Jewels entered, &c. as other Goods.

on Entry of British Goods for Exportation, Value cannot be

to Port within Great Britain, and upon Ships or Vessels according to the Tonnage thereof, entering outwards or inwards at any Port within Great Britain, the several Duties of Customs, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B. and C., and that there shall also be paid or allowed the several Drawbacks of the said Duties of Customs, as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Schedule and Tables marked A., B. and C.; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Sec59 G. 3.

§ 6.]

III. And Whereas Duties are by this Act granted on Pearls,

and on Emeralds, Rubies, and all other precious Stones and Jewels, except Diamonds Be it therefore enacted, That the same shall, after the said Fifth Day of, be regularly entered at the Custom House, and landed in the Presence of the proper Officer, in like Manner as any other Goods on which any Duties are granted by this Act.

" Proviso for 39 & 40 G. 3. c. 67. 40 G. 3. c. 38. (I.) respecting " Duties on Goods imported or exported. § 4.

[See 49 G. 3. " c. 98. §9. See also 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 8. the like .] Act

" shall not repeal or affect the Duties on Vessels under the " London Port Act, 39 G. 3. c. lxix., or the Quarantine Act, <(39 & 40 G. 3. c. 80. (a) — § 5. Fish of British taking and curing, ifcaught by the Crews of Vessels built in G.B. Ireland, &c.

and navigated and registered according to Law, imported " Duty free. § 6. Oath by Master that such Fish is British " cured. § 7.

[See 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 37. the like .]

" Exceptions from Tonnage Duty. § 8. Proviso for Drawbacks to Navy Officers, Tobacco for Use of Seamen being " removed from Warehouses Duty. free. § 9.

[See 49 G. 3. " c. 98. § 14. the like Provisions.'] Duties on Importation of

" Sugar to continue only till March 25, 1804, and be applied <£ according to 43 G. 3. c. 4. and a separate Account thereof kept.

" §10.

[_Last continued tillls£ August 1822, 1 G. 4. c. 67.] Duties not payable upon landing Goods which might have been " warehoused or bonded before 5th July 1803. — §11.

[See 49 G. 3.

" c. 98. § 15. the like Provisions.] Where Goods are chargeable according to Value, it shall be considered (on Importation)

" as at the Port of their Importation, which shall be ascertained " according to 27 G. 3. c. 13. § 17, 18.; and if not truly valued, i(may be detained. § 12.

[See § 18. 21, 22, 23. as to East India " Goods; and see 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 26. the like Provisions. See il also 54 G. 3. c. 122. § 1.] On Exportation, the Value shall be " considered as at the Port of Exportation, &c. as under 27 G. 3.

" c. 13. § 19. — §13.

[See c. 128. of this Session, §1.; and see the

like Provisions, 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 27*; and see also 54 G. 3. c. 122.

" §1. 59 G. 3. c. 52. §29.]

(a) [Repealed, 45 G. 3. 10. § 9.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if at the time of making the Entry for the Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize of the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain, on which the Duties of Customs hereby imposed are charged in the

Schedule

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 68.

75

Schedule and Tables hereunto annexed, marked A., B. and C., according to the Value thereof, the Exporter or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so entered for Exportation, his known Agent or Factor, shall not be able to ascertain the true and real Value thereof, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation to permit such Exporter, Proprietor, Agent or Factor, to ship or export such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, upon making Oath that such real Value cannot be ascertained, and upon giving Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety, in Treble the Amount of the supposed or estimated Duty on the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, conditioned for the Payment of the Duties hereby imposed within Three Months, and according to the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained in the Manner hereinbefore directed, and for producing the Invoice and Bills of Parcels, or such other Documents as shall be required by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs, or any Three or more of them, in England and Scotland respectively, in case the Production thereof shall be thought necessary by the said Commissioners respectively, for the Purpose of ascertaining the true and real Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so exported as aforesaid:Provided always, that no such Bond shall be chargeable or charged with any of the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper; any Law7 or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See49 G. 3. c. 98. § 29.]

" False Declaration of Value, Penalty. § 15. \_See 49 G. 3. 98.

" §31. the like Provision.] If Goods are detained for not being " truly valued, the Commissioners, upon Proof that no Fraud was " intended, may direct the Entry to be amended, upon reasonable " Terms. Proprietor shall not have Damages. §16.

[See 49 G. 3.

" c. 98. § 32. the like Provisions.] Duties under this Act shall be

" paid on warehoused Goods not having paid Duties on Importation, though imported before July 5, 1803, when taken out for " Home Consumption. § 17.

[Ex

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case where by the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.) , the Duties of Customs hereby imposed upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies are charged not according to the Weight, Tale, Gauge or Measure, but according to the Value thereof, such Value shall be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be sold at the public Sales of the said Company, and the said Duties shall be paid thereon accordingly, as the same are inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the said Table, marked (C).

[See as to private Importation, §21. 49 G. 3. 98.

§19.]

" Duties on Goods imported by the E. I. C. payable on any remaining unsold in their Warehouses after July 5, 1803. — §. 19. " The like Bounty shall be allowed on Exportation of Sugar refined from Sugar imported by the E. I. C. as from Sugar imported from British Plantations in America. § 20.

[See 49 G. 3. 44 c. 98. § 25. the like Provisions.']

ascertained, they may be exported on Oath of the Fact, and Bond as herein mentioned.

Bonds not chargeable with Stamps.

Value of East India Goods imported by Company how ascertained.

76

C. 68.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons bringing Goods from the Limits of the East India Company’s Charters as Presents, or for private Use, may enter them, and tire Value shall be ascertained by Declaration as in case of Goods not imported by the Company.

Tonnage Duties not extended to British Ships, not required to be registered, nor to Ships in Ballast.

XXI. And Whereas by this Act Duties of Customs are payable on certain Articles, according to the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained by the gross Price at which such Goods shall have been publicly sold at the Sales of the United ‘ Company of Merchants of England trading to the Indies

and Whereas much Inconvenience and Delay hath arisen in the Payment of the Duties and Delivery of Articles brought from the East Indies either as Presents, or for private Use, particularly Specimens of Natural History, Models, Drawings and other Articles tending to illustrate or improve the Arts or Sciences,

arising from the Necessity of such Articles being exposed to public Sale by the East India Company, in order to ascertain the Value according to which the Duties payable by Law are to be levied and collected, and such Articles are also thereby frequently exposed to great Injury and Damage; and Whereas it is

expedient, in order to remedy such Inconvenience and Delay, 4 that the Duties of Customs payable on such Goods should be ascertained, without the same being in future exposed to public Sale Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may

be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall import or bring into Great Britain, from any Port or Place within the Limits of the Charters granted to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, any of the Articles before mentioned, or any Articles whatever (not being prohibited to be used or consumed in Great Britain) , on which the Duties of Customs are now chargeable according to the Value thereof, either as Presents or for private Use, and not by way of Merchandize, to enter the same with the proper Officers of His Majesty's Customs, such Goods having been first lodged and housed in Warehouses agreeable to the said recited Act; and that the Value of such Goods, according to which the Duties of Customs are due and payable, shall be ascertained according to the Declaration of the Value thereof, to be made by the Owner or Proprietor, or his known Agent, in the like Manner and Form, and under all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, and subject and liable to such and the like Forfeitures and Penalties, as are prescribed, directed and imposed with respect to Goods not imported by the East India Company, and on which the Duties of Customs are payable according to the Value thereof.

44 Such Goods on which Duties have not been paid may be en tered, and the Value ascertained, though imported on or before July 5, 1803. — § 22.

[Expi] Proof that Goods are imported for private Use. § 23.

[See49 G. 3. c. 98. §22. 59 G.3. c. 52. 44 § 49. the like Provisions.] Customs on Coals used in the Anglesey Mines repaid, on Proofs required by 26 G. 3. 104. —

44 §24.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Tonnage Duty hereby imposed, on any British built Ship or Vessel, or any Ship or Vessel owned by British Subjects, which is not required to be registered by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand

A.D. 1803.

AT GEO. III. C. 68.

77

sand eight hundred and three, or on any Ship or Vessel whatever which shall enter outwards or inwards in Ballast only.

[See

59 G.3. c. 52. § 40, 41. 3 G.4. c. 4-8.]

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That so much of this Act

as relates to the Duties imposed upon the Importation of Goods, Wares or Merchandize from the United States of, and on

Shipping according to the Tonnage thereof, and inserted, described and set forth in Figures in the Schedule and Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) , shall continue in Force during the Continuance of an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for carrying

Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce and Navigation concluded between His Majesty and the United States of America, and no longer.

[See 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 4-0, 41. 3 4. 48.]

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Goods or Merchandize imported into Great Britain from the United States of America, in American Ships or Vessels, shall be permitted by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of such Importation, to be secured in Warehouses without the Payment of the Duties due on the Importation thereof; then and in such Case the additional Duties of Customs by this Act imposed on Goods or Merchandize so imported, shall not be payable, unless and until such Goods shall be taken out of such Warehouse for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain.

t(Tonnage Duties on Vessels to or from foreign Parts shall be " paid each Voyage, and computed according to their Register, " or under 26 G. 3. c. 60. — § 28.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 4. the like " Provisions. See also 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 40, 41. 3 G. 4. c. 48.]

XXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Tobacco, being the ‘ Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions

belonging to the Emperor of Russia, or of any of the Territories ‘ or Dominions belonging to the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, ‘ should be permitted to be imported into Great Britain directly ‘ from the said Territories or Dominions respectively in British ‘ built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law,

and should be admitted to Entry upon Payment of the same

‘ Duties; and upon the Exportation thereof from Great,

after having been manufactured according to Law, should be entitled to the like Drawbacks as are now allowed upon the Exportation of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth ‘ or Production of the United States of Be it therefore

enacted, That it shall be lawful to import directly from the aforesaid Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of, and the

Ottoman or Turkish Empire respectively, in British built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, into any Port of Great Britain, being an enumerated Port for the Importation of Tobacco, and to enter and land, and to deposit, lodge or secure in any Warehouse or Warehouses provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in England and Scotland respectively, any Tobacco being the Growth or Production of any or either of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions; and such Tobacco may be

exported

Duties on Im. portation of Goods and on Tonnage of Ships from America, to continue during 37 G.3. c. 97.

On Goods from America herein described additional Duties not paid till taken out for Home Consumption,

Tobacco of Russia or Turkey may be imported from thence in British built Ships and warehoused, and exported, or entered for Home Consumption, on Conditionshere-in mentioned,

78

C. 68.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain under this Act, subject to Regulations of former Acts.

French Lawns legally imported, and having paid Duty, may be worn or sold in Great Britain.

Foreign Silk Lace may be imported, and

exported in like Manner, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption, on Payment of the like Duties of Customs as Tobacco, the Growth or Production of the United States of, may be

exported or entered for Home Trade or Consumption, according to the Laws in Force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and the Exporter of such Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any or either of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions, shall, upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Great Britain, and exported according to the Laws in Force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are severally and respectively allowed upon the same Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, and legally exported from Great Britain. \_See Cap. 97. §26. _po$L]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco which shall be imported into or exported from Great Britain by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall be and the same is hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Tobacco is or may be subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three, made for securing the Revenue of Customs, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of Tobacco imported into or exported from Great Britain by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Cambricks and Lawns, commonly called French Lawns, which have been or shall be legally imported, and which shall have duly paid the Duties of Customs imposed by this Act, shall and may be worn or used in Great Britain, or sold or exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture on account of such Importation; nor shall the Person or Persons who shall import, wear or use the same, or who shall sell or expose to Sale the same, or have the same in his or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, Fine or Fines, Forfeiture or Forfeitures whatsoever, for wearing, using, selling or exposing to Sale the same; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful to import into Great Britain any Silk Lace, any Act or

Acts

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 68.

79

Acts to the contrary notwithstanding, under and subject nevertheless to the Duties imposed by this Act; and all such Silk Lace on which the Duties by this Act imposed shall have been duly paid, shall and may be worn or used in Great, or sold or

exposed to Sale therein, and shall not be subject to Seizure or Forfeiture; nor shall the Person or Persons who shall import, wear or use the same, or who shall sell or expose the same to Sale, or have the same in his, her or their Custody or Possession, be liable to any Penalty or Penalties, or Fine or Fines whatsoever, on account thereof; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Foreign Silk Lace shall, after the same hath been entered at the Custom House, and before it shall be discharged by the Officers, and delivered into the Custody of the Importer or his Agent, be marked or sealed at each End of every Piece with such Mark or Seal, and by such Officer or Officers, as the respective Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland shall direct and appoint for that Purpose.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all Foreign Silk Lace which shall be found in any Shop, Warehouse or other Place whatever, upon Land, within this Kingdom, not being marked or sealed as herein is directed upon both Ends of every whole and entire Piece, or upon one End of every Remnant of such Lace, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, and shall and may be disposed of, and the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, or who shall be possessed thereof, prosecuted in the same Manner, and by the same Rules and Regulations, as are, at the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in Force in relation to Foreign Silk Lace clandestinely imported and run into this Kingdom.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any Mark or Seal to resemble any Mark or Seal which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this Act, or shall forge or counterfeit the Impression of any such Mark or Seal upon any Goods required by this Act to be marked or sealed, or shall sell or expose to Sale, or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any such Foreign Silk Lace with a counterfeit Mark or Seal thereon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, all and every such Offender and Offenders, and his, her and their Aiders, Abettors and Assistants, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, One Moiety to His Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Officer or Officers of the Customs as shall sue and prosecute the same; and such Offender and Offenders shall also be adjudged to stand in the Pillory in some public Place for the Space of Two Hours.

" From the Ratification of Definitive Treaty with France, East India Company may sell for Home Consumption or Exportation " warehoused Silk Handkerchiefs, subject to the Duties under " this Act. § 36.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 98. §23, 24. the like Provisions. u See also 54 G. 3. c. 148. § 1. But these Sections, G. 3.

" c- 93. § 1. and see 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 17.]

worn or sold in Great Britain.

Such Lace to be sealed at each End of every Piece.

Such Lace found unmarked forfeited, and Owner prosecuted.

Counterfeiting Marks, or exposing to Sale, or having in Possession Lace with counterfeit Mark.

Penalty, 1001. and Pillory.

80

Limitation of the Quantity for Three Years.

Till Dec. 2S> 1804, Oil or Blubber of Fish caught at Newfoundland by Subjects residing there, may be entered, on Payment of Duty, as on Articles of Newfoundland of British Fishing, on certain Conditions.

c. 68. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That for the Space of Three Years from and after the said Ratification, the said United Company shall not, in any One Year, sell, or expose to Sale, a greater Quantity of such Silk Handkerchiefs than Fifty thousand Pieces, and that such Fifty thousand Pieces shall be of the usual Length, and of the Sorts that shall have been usually exposed to Sale.

" French Cambrics or Lawns imported before July 5, 1803, for Exportation, and warehoused, may be taken out for Sale, or to " be worn in Great Britain, on making Entry and paying Duty; 44 and Cambrics or Lawns, and Silk or Thread* Lace seized before " that Day, may be sold for Exportation, or for Home Con sumption. § 38.

[Exp.]

XXXIX. And Whereas it is expedient that Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of and Parts

adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein, should be admitted to Entry on Payment of the like Duty as if caught and taken wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from Piis Majesty's European Dominions, and usually residing in the said Dominions; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four, alt such Oil or Blubber shall be admitted to Entry on Payment of the Duty by this Act imposed on Train Oil or Blubber of Newfoundland of British Fishing, notwithstanding such Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea shall have been caught and taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the said Fishery from and residing in the said Island: Provided always, that before any such Oil or Blubber shall be admitted to Entry as aforesaid, the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which any such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, shall produce and deliver to the Collector or other Chief Officer of the Customs at the Port in Great Britain into which such Oil or Blubber shall be imported, a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Naval Officer in Newfoundland, or if there shall not be any Naval Officer,

then under the Hand and Seal of the Commander of. any of His Majesty's Ships stationed there, testifying that Oath hath been made before him (who is hereby authorized and required in such Case to administer the same) , by the Person or Persons who actually caught the Fish or Creatures living in the Sea, from which the Oil or Blubber mentioned in such Certificate was produced, that such Oil or Blubber was really and bona fide the Oil or Blubber of Fish or Creatures living in the Sea actually caught and taken on the Banks and Shores of the Island of Newfoundland and Parts adjacent, wholly by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on such Fishery from the said Island, and residing therein; and provided such Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel so importing such Oil or Blubber, shall also make Oath before such Collector or other Chief Officer, (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same,)

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 68.

81

that the Oil or Blubber so imported are the same Oil or Blubber

mentioned and referred to in the said Certificate.

by 44 G. 3. c. 35. §6. 45 G. 3. c. 80. §38.]

XL. And Whereas by this Act certain Duties are imposed on the Importation of Train Oil and of Blubber, and as it may tend to the Convenience of Merchants importing Blubber from the Greenland Seas or Davis's Sir eights, if they were permitted to 6 boil such Blubber, and that the Duties payable thereon might be ascertained and paid according to the Quantity of Oil produced from such Blubber; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful, upon the Return of any Ship or Vessel from the Greenland Seas or Davis's, with any Blubber,

being the Produce of Whales or other Creatures living in the Seas, caught and taken in the said Fishery, for the Importers or Proprietors thereof to cause the same to be boiled under the Care and Inspection of the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs into Oil, and afterwards such Oil so produced shall be admitted to Entry, and the Duties paid thereon accordingly; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided always, that in case any Blubber shall have been imported in any Ship or Vessel employed in the said Fishery before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall have been boiled into Oil, such Oil shall be admitted to Entry, and the Duty charged thereon according to the Regulations and Directions of this Act.

XLI. And Whereas it is expedient to permit certain East India Goods called Couriesand Aran goes, which shall have been imported into the Port of London, and warehoused in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majestjr, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, to be removed by Land Carriage to any other Port of Great,

for the Purpose of being exported to Africa Be it therefore enacted, That whenever the Importer or Proprietor of any such Goods called Couries and Arangoes, which shall have been so 'warehoused as aforesaid, shall be desirous of exporting the same to Africa, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty’s

Customs in England for the time being, or any Four or more of them, to grant Permission for the Removal of the said Goods from such Warehouse or Warehouses by Land Carriage, to any such other Port, for the Purpose of being exported from thence to Africa, under such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as are now by Law required in relation to certain East India prohibited Goods when removed from one Part of Great Britain to another, to be from thence exported.

44 Duties shall be paid in proportion to the actual Weight, <Src. of the Articles. §42.

[See49 G. 3. c. 98. § 3. 59 G. 3. c. 52. §28. the like Provisionsi]

XLIII. And Whereas a certain Allowance commonly called Draft has heretofore been made in the weighing of Goods for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duties thereon, when the same are payable according to Weight; and Whereas it is expedient that such Allowance for Draft should be discontinued; ’ Be it 43 Geo. III. G therefore

Blubber of Fish from Greenland ' Seas or Davis’s Streights may be boiled into Oil, under Inspection of Officer, and the Oil entered.

S9G.S. c. 59.

Couries and Arangoe6, imported and warehoused, may be removed by Land Carriage for Exportation to Africa.

82

C. 68.

43° GEO. III.

The Allowance in weighing of Goods, called Draft, discontinued.

Wine, for which the Duties granted by this Act shall have been paid, may be removed into the Port of London, or within 20 Miles of the Royal Exchange without the Certificate required by 27 G.3. c. 13. §13.

A.D. 180SV.

therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three, such Allowance called Draft in the weighing of Goods for the Purpose of ascertaining the Duties payable thereon, shall be wholly discontinued; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

" Duties shall be under the Management of Commissioners of " Customs. §44.

[See 49 G. 3. 98. §42. the " Duties and Drawbacks under this Act shall be levied, &c. as " former Duties, except as hereby altered. Pains of Death, &c. " in former Revenue Acts extended to this Act. § 45.

[-See " 49 G. 3. c. 98. §43. 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 58. the like

" The Provisions of Acts in Force for ascertaining the Value of "Goods, &c. shall continue, except as hereby altered. § 46.

" 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 5. the like Provisions.'] Commissioners of " Customs may close Accounts of Collectors or Receivers, and " correct erroneous Application of Duties:Commissioners for " auditing Public Accounts shall allow such Corrections. § 47.

[-See 49 G. 3. c. 99. § 44. 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 56. the like

sions.]

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to remove, either by Land or Water, from any Port or Place in Great Britain, into the Port of London, or the Members thereof, or to any Place whatever, within the Distance of Twenty Miles from the Royal Exchange of London, any Wine on which the Duties of Customs granted by this Act shall have been duly paid, notwithstanding such Wine shall not be accompanied with the Certificate from the Collector or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs, required by an Act passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Duties composing the public for permitting

the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and, the

Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies remaining in the Exchequer, for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the National Debt; any Act or Acta of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always* that all the Conditions, Regulations and Restrictions, required by Law on the Removal of any Wine within Great Britain, shall, in all other Respects, be duly complied with. to Importation of

Wine, 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 25, 26, 27. 44. 45.]

‘‘ Treasury shall in future cause an Account to be kept of what the Hereditary Revenues of the Crown would have produced if not blended with other Duties, and laid before Parliament with ‘‘ the Public Accounts directed by 42 G. 3. c. 70. § 49.

t(49 G. 3. c. 98. § 49. 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 52. the like Provisions.]

" Hereditary Revenue of His Majesty in Scotland shall not be i(altered. § 50.

[See49 G. 3. c. 98. § 50. 59 G. 3. 52. § 53. the

" like Provisions.]Duties of Customs levied after Jidy 5,

u 1803, although the Amount may have been computed, or the

20 i(Goods

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 68, 69.

83

" Goods imported, &c. or the Duties bonded, before that Day, " shall be appropriated and applied in one Sum, in like Manner u as the Duties granted by this Act, except otherwise provided " (See§ 53, 54.); and all Drawbacks and Allowances may be

" made in like Manner. §51. Duties carried to British Consolidated Fund. §52.

[See49 3. c. 98. §46. 59 3. c. 52.]

" § 54.] The whole of the Duties, except otherwise provided, (see " § 54.) shall be entered in one Account at the Exchequer, and " the Treasury shall cause distinct Accounts of such as were to " be kept separate for Ten Years from being granted, to be so " kept, and laid before Parliament, pursuant to 42 G. 3. c. 70. — " § 53.

[See 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 47. the like .] Out of

<c Increase and Addition to Duties, 250,000l. applicable to defray " Charge on Loan made this Session. § 54. Limitation of Actions tl for Matters done under this Act, Three Months — Venue in the " County — General Issue — Treble Costs. § 55. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 56.

[See additional,

[c. 70.]

[Duties of Customs and Drawbacks made to, and others imposed, 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 1. 59 3. c. 52. 1.]

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to repeal the Duties of Excise payable in Great tainyand to grant other Duties in lieu thereof.

[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS the Duties of Excise are, in many Cases, become numerous and complicated, and it will tend to the public Benefit to consolidate and simplify the same Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, b)r and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and singular the Duties, Allowances, Bounties and Drawbacks of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland respectively, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, shall cease and determine; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penaltj' or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which shall have been incurred at any time before or on the said Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or in any wise alter the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for

to His Majesty certain Duties upon, Mum, Cyder and,

for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; or the Duties upon Malt, Tobacco and Snuff, continued by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty a Duty on, Offices

and Personal Estates in England, Wales and Town of Berwick

G 2 upon

From July 5, 1803, the present Duties of Excise, and the Drawbacks, to cease.

Proviso for Malt Duties under 43 G.3. c.S. and Duties upon Malt, Tobacco, and Snuff ', continued by 43 G.3. c. 4.-and for certain Countervailing Duties on Importation from Ireland, Sec.

C. 69.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

upon Tweed; and certain Duties on Sugar, Tobacco and

Sniff, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, save and except as to the Duties in the said last recited Act granted on Licences to be taken out by the Manufacturers of and Dealers in Tobacco and Snuff, and also as to the Duties in the said Act granted on Tobacco of the Growth, Production and Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain and Portugal delivered for Exportation: Provided also, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or any wise alter the Countervaling Duties of Excise upon the Importation of Goods and Commodities from Ireland into Great Britain, granted by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Drawbacks payable on Goods exported from Great Britain to Ireland according to the last mentioned Act, save and except the Countervailing Duties and Drawbacks granted by the said last recited Act, for and in respect of Beer, Ale and Mum, Bricks and Tiles, Cyder and Perry, Hops, Mead or Metheglin, Spirits, Vellum and Parchment, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Gold and Silver Thread, Lace or Fringe. Duties in Sche-

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth dules A. and B. Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in lieu and levied, and instead of the said Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Schedule C^l Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively by lowed in lieu of this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid former Du ties, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedules marked A. and B. hereunto annexed, and for the Sales by Auction, and for and upon the Licences mentioned in the said Schedule marked A., the several Sums of Money and Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid for or in respect of Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities, for or in respect of which any Duty of Excise is imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the same, the several Allowances, Bounties and Drawbacks of Excise, as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule marked C. hereunto annexed; and also all other such special Allowances as are particularly directed to be made by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, except so far as any such special Allowances may be altered, varied or repealed by this Act.

Duties under

III. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties of Ex-Management of cise, by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Bri-respectiveCom- ca]led. England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of missioners of Excise in England for the time being; and such there-coupted for, of as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall &c. as former be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Duties. Scotland for the time being; and that the same shall be accounted

for, cleared off, paid, satisfied and discharged, by the Person and Persons liable to the accounting for, clearing off, Payment, Satisfaction or Discharge thereof, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the hereby repealed Duties of Excise, and other Duties

under

A-.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69.

85

under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, chargeable in the like Cases, or upon the like Goods,

Wares, Merchandize and Commodities respectively, or upon any Person or Persons for or in respect thereof, were, by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, to be accounted for, cleared off, paid, satisfied or discharged.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Duties and Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, marked A. and B., as the Duties of Act jeviej Excise, and the Allowances, Bounties and Drawbacks of the Duties as fon^er of Excise upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Com- Duties, &c. modities inserted in the Schedule hereunto annexed, marked C., unless hereby or mentioned in this Act, shall and may be respectively raised, altered. levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) , in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the "general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, and the Allowances, Bounties and Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, and other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and the several Persons, and the Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of, or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or entitled to Allowances,

Bounties or Drawbacks of Duties of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules hereunto annexed, marked A., B. and C-, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules and Restrictions, to which such Persons, Goods,

Wares, Merchandize or Commodities were generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, respecting the Duties of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, as well Pains of Death as others, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, for securing the Revenue of Excise, or other Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of Excise respectively, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof; and the several Clauses,

Powers and Directions therein contained (unless where expressly altered by this Act) , shall, and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in execution for and in respect of the several-Duties of Excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Acts,

Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or

Forfeitures,

86

Duties paid in Proportion to actual Quantity.

Duties carried to British Consolidated Fund.

Act shall not affect Pensions payable by the Commissioners, &c. of Excise.

1 G.3. c.

Act shall not alter the hereditary Revenue of His Majesty in Scotland, or the Payment of Annuities, &c. out of the Revenues of Excise.

C. 69. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Forfeitures, were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Duty is imposed by this Act on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the same shall be understood, and deemed and taken to apply, in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any Quantity greater or less than such specific Quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed, the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted, shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at

minster, and shall be carried to, and make Part of, the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

11 The whole of the Duties, except otherwise hereby provided, " (see § 10.) to be entered in one Account at the Exchequer, and

" Treasury to cause distinct Accounts of such as were to be " kept separate for Ten Years from being granted, to be so kept, " and laid before Parliament, pursuant to 42 G. 3. c. 70. — § 7. (See c. 68. of this Session, §53.)

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void, alter or prejudice any Disposition, Appropriation, Appointment, Matter or Thing whatsoever, relative to the regular and usual Payment of any Pension or Annuity charged and made payable to any Person or Persons in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by virtue of any Grants or Letters Patent made or granted by any of His Majesty's Royal Predecessors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, but that the same Dispositions, Appropriations and Appointments shall continue, be in Force, and take Effect, in the Payment of all and every the Annuities and Pensions payable by the Commissioners or Receivers General of the Duties and Revenues of Excise, in the same Manner, and at the same Time and Times, that the said Annuities and Pensions have been usually paid before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three.

IX. And be it also further enacted, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to affect or alter the hereditary Revenue of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Scotland, or other Revenue then granted to His late Majesty King George the Second during his Life, and renewed to His present Majesty during His Life, by an Act made in the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, or in any Manner divert the Payment of the several and respective Annuities, Bounties, and other Charges and Expences which, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on and immediately before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, have usually been, or ought to be satisfied and paid by the Commissioners of Excise out of the Monies arisen by the Duties and Revenues of Excise, or Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, in that Part of Great Britain called, but that the same

shall and may, and are hereby directed and required to be satisfied, paid and discharged out of all or any of the said Monies arisen, or which shall hereafter arise by the said Duties and Revenues,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69. 87

and come into the Hands of the said Commissioners, in the same and like Manner, and at the respective Times at which the same have usually been accustomed to be paid and satisfied; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X. And Whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (amongst other things) , for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, it was enacted, that from and after

the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve) , the Sum 4 of Seven thousand and two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and

Three Pence out of the Monies arising by the new Duties on Licences to retail Wine, reserved by an Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second,

should be paid and accounted for to the Heirs and Successors of His Majesty, in like Manner as they were before the passing of an Act of the First Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled Act for the Support of His Majesty s, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown Great Britain: And Whereas the said Duties on Wine Licences have been repealed, and

certain Duties of Excise granted in lieu thereof, which, by the present Act, are also repealed Be it further enacted, That the

aforesaid Sum of Seven thousand and two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence shall, from and after the Demise of His Majesty (whom God long preserve) , be so reserved, paid and accounted for out of the Duties by this Act granted on Licences to retail Foreign Wine, in like Manner as they are by the said Act required to be reserved, paid and accounted for out of the like Duties hereby repealed.

XI. And Whereas by the aforesaid Act of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it was directed, that the Commissioners of Excise should compute the exact Sums to which the whole of the hereditary Duties of Excise, which, by an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, were granted to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors for ever, would amount, if the same had not been repealed or altered by another Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, granting a certain Sum out of the Aggregate Fund, in lieu of certain of the said hereditary Duties; and that the said Commissioners should transmit an Account thereof quarterly^ into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and also, that the proper Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer should set apart, out of the Duties of Excise granted by the before mentioned Act of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, at the End of every Quarter after the Demise of His present Majesty, such a Sum of Money as it should appear by the said Account the whole of the said hereditary Duties of Excise would have amounted to within such Quarter, to be paid to the Successors of the King’s Majesty

27 G.3. c. 13, §48.

The Sum reserved out of the Duties on Licences to retail Wine, by SO G.2. c. 19. shall be accounted for out of the Duties or such Licences granted by this Act.

12 Car, 2. c. 24.

The Amount of what would have been the hereditary Duties of Excise shall be computed, set apart, and paid out of the Duties by this Act granted, as directed by 27 G. 3. c. 13. §51.

88

C. 69.

13° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

12 Car.2. c. 24.

[§36.]

1 W.&.M. sess.l. c. 24.

[§5.]

In future 36 Gallons reckoned a Barrel of Beer or Ale, made by common Brewers in G. B.; Allowance to be Three Gallons out of that Quantity for Waste.

for ever: And Whereas the Duties granted by the said Act of the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty are hereby repealed Be it therefore enacted, That the said quarterly Sums shall be so computed, and shall be set apart and paid out of the Duties by this Act granted, in like Manner as they are by the said Act directed to be computed and set apart out of the Duties of Excise hereby repealed.

XII. And Whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance; and for settling a Revenue upon His Majesty in lieu thereof, it was enacted, that every Six and thirty Gallons of Beer should be reckoned, accounted and returned for a Barrel of Beer; and every Two and thirty Gallons of Ale for a Barrel of Ale; and that, in consideration of Waste by Fillings and Leakage, all Common Brewers not selling Beer and Ale by Retail, should be allowed Three Barrels upon every Twenty three Barrels of Beer, and Two Barrels upon every Twenty two Barrels of Ale, out of the said Returns made by the Gagers; and by another Act 4 made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for an additional Duty of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, it was enacted and declared, that for avoiding Uncertainties and Disputes, every Four and thirty Gallons of Beer and Ale brewed or made by the Brewers, Vic- tuallers or other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise, 4 other than within the Cities of London and Westminster and the weekly Bills of Mortality, should be reckoned and returned for a Barrel of Beer or Ale; and that the Allowances made to the Common Brewers, other than within the said Cities and Limits, ‘ should be Two Barrels and a Half upon every Twenty three Barrels: And Whereas it is expedient that the Quantities to be returned as and for a Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made by the Common Brewer, and the Allowances for Waste, should be in all Places the same Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, every Thirty six Gallons of Beer or Ale brewed or made by the Common Brewers in Great Britain, whether within the weekly Bills of Mortality or without the same, taken according to the Standard of the Ale Quart, Four whereof shall make the Gallon, remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlains of His Majesty's Exchequer, shall be reckoned, accounted and returned by the Gager or Gagers, or other Officers of Excise for a Barrel of Beer or Ale; and that the Allowances to be made in Great Britain to the Common Brewers not selling Beer, Ale or Worts, in any less Quantity than a whole Cask containing Four Gallons and a Half, whether within or without the aforesaid Limits, for Waste by Fillings and Leakage of their Beer or Ale, or otherwise, out of the Returns or Charges made by the Gagers or other Officers, shall be Three Barrels upon every Thirty six Barrels, both of Strong Beer and of Table Beer and Ale, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity; anything in the before mentioned Acts, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69. 89

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Allowance to the Common Brewer of Three Barrels upon every Thirty six Barrels of Beer and Ale, shall be in full Compensation for all Waste or other Losses or Damages whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Beer or Ale, brewed

by the Common Brewers in Great, shall be sold by such

Common Brewers at any other Rate or Quantity for the Barrel than the aforesaid Quantity of Thirty six Gallons; any Law, Practice or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to alter or vary the Quantity to be returned as and for a Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made by any Victualler or Retailer, or by any Person other than the Common Brewer, who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, but that the same shall be and remain as was enacted and declared by the aforesaid Act of the First Year of King William and Queen Mary, for an additional Duty of Excise on Beer, Ale and other Liquors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void any Licence or Licences granted under or by virtue of any Law or Laws of Excise in Force on or before the said Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three, or to require or compel any Person or Persons, to whom such Licence shall have been granted, to renew or take out any fresh Licence until the End and Expiration of the Term for which any such Licence w'as granted; any thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 16.

SCHEDULES

TO WHICH THIS ACT REFERS.

SCHEDULE (A.)

DUTIES OF EXCISE IN GREAT BRITAIN.

AUCTIONS. & d.

For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable b}r virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of any Interest, in Possession or Reversion, in any Freehold, Customary, Copyhold or Leasehold Lands, Tenements, Houses or Hereditaments, and any Share or Shares in the capital or joint Stock of any Corporation or chartered Company, and of any Annuities or Sums of Money charged thereon, and of any Ships and Vessels, and

Such Allowance shall be in full for all Losses.

No Beer or Ale shall be sold by the Common Brewers at any other than the above Rate; but not to extend to other Brewers.

Act not to make void Licences granted under any Law of Excise.

90

C. 69.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Auctions — continued.

of any reversionary Interest in the Public Funds, and of any Plate or Jewels, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor or Seller by Commission - For every Twenty Shillings of the Purchase Money arising or payable by virtue of any Sale at Auction in Great Britain of Furniture, Fixtures, Pictures, Books, Horses and Carriages, and all other Goods and Chattels whatsoever, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Sum of such Purchase Money, to be paid by the Auctioneer, Agent, Factor or Seller by Commission (a) -

(a) [Proviso for Sales made Commissioners of

Forests, 55 G. 3. c. 55. § 12. and for Sales for

Growers of Sheep s Wool, 3. 142.]

BEER.

For every Barrel of Strong Beer or Ale, or Beer or Ale above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed on such Beer or Ale, and not being Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland (b) , which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons, who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer or other Person or Persons respectively

(b) [5 & 6 Ann 8. 7.]

For every Barrel of Table Beer, or Beer or Ale of Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, or under, exclusive of the Duty hereby imposed thereon, which shall be brewed in Great Britain by any Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons, who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publicly or privately, to be paid by such Common Brewer, or other Person or Persons respectively -

For every Barrel of Twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, to be paid by the Common Brewer or Victualler - For every Barrel containing Thirty two Gallons, Wine Measure, of Spruce Beer, and of all other Sorts or Kinds of Beer or Ale, and for every such Barrel of Mum which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the same not being Irish Beer, Ale or Mum, imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof -

sC. s. d. 0 0 6

0 0 10

JVoods and Beneft of

0 10 0

0 2 0 0 4« 2

2 0 0

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

a 69,

91

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

BRICKS AND TILES. & d.

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions, that is to say, Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, and Five Inches wide - - 0 5 0

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, exceeding any of the foregoing Dimensions - - 0 10 0

For every Thousand of Bricks which shall be made in Great Britain, and which shall be smoothed or polished on One or more Side or Sides, the same not exceeding the superficial Dimensions of Ten Inches long by Five Inches wide - 0 12 0

For every Hundred of such last mentioned Bricks, r The Duties on exceeding the aforesaid superficial Dimensions Paving Tiles. For every Thousand of Plain Tiles which shall be

made in Great Britain - -0410

For every Thousand of Pan or Ridge Tiles which

shall be made in Great Britain - 0 12 10

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, not exceeding Ten Inches Square - -025

For every Hundred of Paving Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, exceeding Ten Inches Square - -04 10

For every Thousand Tiles which shall be made in Great Britain, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated or described, by whatever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known - 0 4 10

The said Duties on Bricks and Tiles to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

CANDLES.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles of Tallow and other Candles whatsoever, except Wax and Spermaceti Candles, which shall be made in Great Britain - - -001

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Candles which shall be made in Great of Wax or

of Spermaceti, or which are usually called or sold for either Wax or Spermaceti Candles, notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith - - 0 0 3£

The said Duties on Candles to be paid by the Makers thereof.

COCOA NUTS AND COFFEE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America imported into Great Britain 0 1 10

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Cocoa Nuts

92

C. 69.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Cocoa Nuts and Coffee — continued.

imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Cocoa Nuts imported into Great Britain - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee of the Growth or Produce of any British Colony or Plantation in America imported into Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Coffee imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Coffee imported into Great Britain

The said Duties to be paid by the Importers or Proprietors of all Cocoa Nuts and Coffee which shall have been imported, and for which all the Duties chargeable on Cocoa Nuts and Coffee respectively shall not have been paid on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, or which shall be imported, and which in either Case shall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas directly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged, under the Rules and Regulations in that Case by Law provided.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Cocoa Nuts and Coffee may on Importation be secured in Warehouses, see 10 G. 1. c. 10. and 35 G. 3. c. 118.

£. s. d.

0 2 0 0 3 0

0 1 1

0 1 6 0 2 0

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead of Cyder and Perry made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the First Buyer or Maker thereof, such Buyer or Maker being a Dealer in or Retailer of Cyder or Perry, or by the Factor or Agent to whom such Cyder or Perry shall be sent or consigned to be sold or disposed of, until and upon the Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, Sixteen Shillings; and from and after the said Twenty third Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four 10 0

Cyder and Perry made for Sale are chargeable with a Duty of 4 s.per Hogshead, until and upon 23d June 1804, by Act of 43 Geo. 3. c. 3.

For every Ton of Cyder and Perry which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, not being Irish Cyder or Perry imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer thereof before the landing thereof - - 17 17 0

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

G 69.

93

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

GLASS. s. d.

For every Hundred Weight of Materials or Metal, or other Preparations whatever, by what Name soever the same are or may be called or known, that shall be made use of in Great Britain in the making of Glass, the following Sums respectively; , that is to say,

•---- In the making of Plate or Flint Glass, or

Enamel, stained or Paste Glass, or Phial Glass - 112 8

---- In the making of Spread Window Glass,

commonly called or known by the Name of Broad

Glass - -082

---- In the making of all other Window Glass,

not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or German Sheet Glass - - -146

---- And in the making of common Bottles, the

same not being Phials, and of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels and Utensils made of common Bottle Metal - -0 4 1

The said several Rates and Duties upon the Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for making Glass, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

For every Hundred Weight of Plate Glass, and of all other Glass Manufactures, which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, the same not being Flasks in which Wine or Oil shall or may be imported, nor Foreign green Glass Bottles, nor Irish Glass, or Glass Manufactures imported -directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof (a) - 2 2 0

(a) [Duties and Drawbacks on Window Glass made to,

49 G. 3. c. 63. § 1. on Flint and Phial Glass, G. 3. 9.

and on Plate Glass, 59 G.3. c. 115. and countervailing Duty on Importation of Irish Window Glass, 46 G. 3. c. 138. §L]

HIDES AND SKINS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hides, of what Kind soever, and of Calve Skins, Kips, Hogs ’

Skins, Dogs’ Skins and Seal Skins, which shall be tanned in Great Britain; and of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be tanned in Great Britain for Gloves and Bazils - -0011-

For every Dozen of Goat Skins tanned with Shomack, or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather ~ - - -040

94-

C. 69.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Hides and Skins — continued.

For every Dozen of Sheep Skins tanned for Roans, being after the Nature of Spanish Leather, in Great Britain - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins which shall be tanned in Great, not

hereinbefore particularly charged - For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares and Geldings, which shall be dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great, for every such Hide

For and upon all Hides of Steers and Cows, or any other Hides of what Kind soever, those of Horses, Mares and Geldings excepted, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, for every such Hide For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Calves’ Skins, Kips and Seal Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain - For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain with the Hair on For every Dozen of Slink Calve Skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and every Dozen of Dogs’ Skins and of Kid Skins, which shall be tawed as aforesaid in Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Buck and Doe Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain For every Dozen of Goat Skins and of Beaver Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allum and Salt or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great, not

hereinbefore particularly charged - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Buck, Deer and Elk Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain -

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all other Skins, and of all Hides, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain

s. d.

0 2 3

0 0 6

0 16

0 3 0

0 0 1}

0 3 0

0 1 0

0 0 6

0 2 0

0 0 H

0 0 6

0 1 0

0 0 3

0 0 6

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69. 95

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Hides and Skins — continued.

For every Dozen of Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain -

For every Dozen of Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain -

The said several Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, to be paid by the Tanners, Tawers and Dressers of Hides and Skins, and by the Makers of Vellum and Parchment respective!)'.

HOPS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow in Great, which shall be

cured and made fit for Use, to be paid by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof

[See 45 G. 3. c. 94. 46 G. 3. c. 138.] LICENCES.

For and upon all Licences to be taken out according to the Laws in each Case made and provided by the Makers, Manufacturers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers and other Persons hereinafter mentioned within Great Britain, to be paid by such Makers, Manufacturers, Traders, Dealers, Retailers or other Persons respectively, the several annual Sums hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

By every Person exercising the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer, for every such Licence Every Common Brewer of Table Beer, not being a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence -

Every Common Brewer who shall brew any Strong Beer, for every such Licence, if the Quantity of Beer brewed by such Common Brewer within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to taking out the Licence, shall not exceed One thousand Barrels.

---- If the same shall exceed One thousand

Barrels, and shall not exceed Two thousand Barrels

---- If the same shall exceed Two thousand

Barrels, and shall not exceed Five thousand Barrels

• ---- If the same shall exceed Five thousand

Barrels, and shall not exceed Seven thousand five hundred Barrels -

---- If the same shall exceed Seven thousand

five hundred Barrels, and shall not exceed Ten thousand Barrels ----If the same shall exceed Ten thousand Barrels, and shall not exceed Twenty thousand Barrels

£. s. 0 3 6 0 I 9

0 0 2J

0 6 0 1 0 0

1 10 O '

2 0 0 5 0 0

7 10 O

10 0 0 20 0 0

96

C. 69.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties. Licences — continued.

---- If the same shall exceed Twenty thousand

Barrels, and shall not exceed Thirty thousand Barrels -

----If the same shall exceed Thirty thousand

Barrels, and shall not exceed Forty thousand Barrels Or if the same shall exceed Forty thousand

Barrels

Every Person who shall first become a Common Brewer of Strong Beer, for every such Licence One Pound Ten Shillings; and within Ten Days after the 5th Day of July next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as, with the said One Pound Ten Shillings, shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid, according to the Number of Barrels of Strong Beer brewed within the preceding Year -

and

Every Maker of Wax Candles or Spermaceti Candles for Sale, for every such Licence -Every Dealer in, or Seller of, Wax or Spermaceti Candles, not being a Maker of such Candles, for every such Licence ....

Every Chandler or Maker of Candles, other than Wax or Spermaceti Candles, for Sale, for every such Licence -

Every Person trading in, vending or selling Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts or Chocolate, for every such Licence -

Every Glassmaker, for a Licence for each and every Glasshouse -

Every Tanner within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, for every such Licence Every other Tanner, for every such Licence -Every Tawer, for every such Licence Every Dresser of Hides and Skins in Oil, for every such Licence -

Every Currier, for every such Licence Every Maker of Vellum or Parchment, for every such Licence

Every Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, for every such Licence, if the Quantity of Malt made by such Maltster or Maker of Malt, within the Year ending the Fifth Day of July in each Year, previous to taking out the Licence, shall not exceed Fifty Quarters -

.---- If the same shall exceed Fifty Quarters,

and shall not exceed One hundred Quarters ---- If the same shall exceed One hundred

s.

30 0 0 40 0 0 50 0 0

Quarters, and shall not exceed One hundred and fifty Quarters -

----If the same shall exceed One hundred and

fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed Two hundred Quarters -

1 10 0

a Surcharge.

6 0 0 0 10 6 1 0 0

0 5 6

10 0 0

5 0 0

2 10- 0

1 0 0

2 0 0 2 0 0

-10 0

0 5 0 0 10 0

0 15 0

1 0 0

A.D. 1803.

C. 69.

97

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Licences — continued. £. s.

---- If the same shall exceed Two hundred Quarters, and shall not exceed Two hundred and fifty Quarters - - -150

---- If the same shall exceed Two hundred and

fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed Three hundred Quarters - -110 0

— If the same shall exceed Three hundred

Quarters, and shall not exceed Three hundred and

fifty Quarters - - -1150

----If the same shall exceed Three hundred and

fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed Four hundred Quarters - - -200

— — If the same shall exceed Four hundred

Quarters, and shall not exceed Four hundred and

fifty Quarters - - -250

— If the same shall exceed Four hundred and

fifty Quarters, and shall not exceed Five hundred Quarters - - -2 10 0

If the same shall exceed Five hundred Quarters, and shall not exceed Five hundred and fifty Quarters - - -2150

•----Or if the same shall exceed Five hundred

and fifty Quarters - - 3 0 0

Every Person who shall first become a Maltster, or Maker of Malt for Sale, for every such Licence Five Shillings; and within Ten Days after the Fifth Day of July next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as, with the said Five Shillings, shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid according to the Quantity of Malt made within the preceding Year -050

and Surcharge.

Every Maker of Metheglin or Mead for Sale, for every

such Licence - - -100

Every Maker of Paper or Pasteboard, and every Paper

Stainer, for every such Licence - 2 0 0

Every Person trading in, vending or selling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold exceeding Two Pennyweights and under Two Ounces in Weight, or any Quantity of Silver exceeding Five Pennyweights and under Thirty Ounces in Weight, in any One separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or shall be manufactured, for every such Licence - - 2 6 0

Every Person trading in, vending or selling any Gold or Silver Plate, or any Goods or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold of the Weight of Two Ounces or upwards, or any Quantity of Silver of the Weight of Thirty Ounces or upwards, in any One separate and distinct Ware or Piece of Goods, is or shall be manufactured; and every Pawnbroker trading in, vending or selling Gold or Silver Plate, or Goods 43 Geo. III. H

C. 69.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Licences — continued.

or Wares in which any Quantity of Gold or Silver is or shall be manufactured, or taking in or delivering out Pawns of such Plate, Goods or Wares; and every Refiner of Gold or Silver; for every such Licence - - - 5 15 0

Every Calicoe Printer, and every Printer, Painter or -Stainer of Linens (a) , Cottons or Stuffs, for every such Licence - - -1000

(a) {Printer, Painter or Stainer Silks to take out 49 G.3. c. 81. § 2.]

Every Maker of Soap for Sale, for every such Licence 2 0

Every Distiller or Maker of Low Wines or Spirits for Sale, or for Exportation, within that Part of Great Britain called England, for every such Licence - 10 0

Every Rectifier of Spirits within that Part of Great

Britain called England, for every such Licence -50 Every Dealer in Brandy or other Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, not being a Retailer, in any Part of Great Britain, or not being a Wholesale Seiler of, or Dealer in, plain Aqua Vitae only, distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every such Licence - -50

Every Person in that Part of Great Britain 'called Scotland, who shall by Wholesale sell or deal in Spirits made and distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the name of Aqua Vitae in that Part of the United Kingdom, not being a licensed Distiller, Rectifier, Compounder or Retailer of Spirits, not being a Dealer in Brandy, or other Spirituous Liquors, duly licensed for that Purpose in manner above mentioned, for every such Licence to sell plain Aqua Vitae only by Wholesale -30 EveryRetailer of distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters in Great Britain, not being a Retailer of plain Aqua Vitae only, made or distilled from British Materials, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid, if the Dwelling House in which such Retailer shall reside or retail such distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters at the Time of taking out such Licence, shall not, together with the Offices, Courts,

Yards and Gardens therewith occupied, be rated under the Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament for granting Duties on inhabited Houses, at a Rent of Fifteen Pounds jier Annum or upwards - 4 14

, ---- If rated as aforesaid at Fifteen Pounds

Annum or upwards, and under Twenty Pounds -52 — ----If at Twenty Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Twenty five Pounds - - 5 10

0

0

0

0

0

G

0

0

A.D. 1803.

C. 69.

99

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Licences — continued.

— ----If at Twenty five Pounds per Annum or upwards, and under Thirty Pounds -5

----If at Thirty Pounds per Annum or upwards,

and under Forty Pounds - - 6

.----If at Forty Pounds per Annum or upwards,

and under Fifty Pounds - - 6

----Or if at Fifty Pounds per Annum or upwards - - - *7

Every Person who, within the Limits of any Royal Burgh, Burgh of Barony or Regality in any Part of Scotland, or in any Place in any other Part of Scotland other than within the Highlands of Scotland, limited and described in the Acts in that Case made and provided, shall retail any Spirits made or distilled from Malt, Corn, Grain, Barley, Beer, Bigg or other British Materials, and commonly called or known by the Name of Aqua Vitae in that Part of the United Kingdom, for every such Licence to retail plain Aqua Vitae only (a) -2

Every Person who shall retail such Spirits within the several Counties and Districts of the Highlands of Scotland, the Royal Burghs, Burghs of Barony or Regality therein excepted, for every such Licence [a) 1

(a) [See 53 G. 3. c. 13.

Every Starch Maker, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid - - - 5

Every Maker of any Kind of Sweets, or Made Wines, other than Mead, for Sale, for every such Licence 5 Every Retailer of BHtish made Wines, or Sweets, for

every such Licence, - 2

Every Manufacturer of Tobacco or Snuff, for every such Licence, if the Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed by such Person for Manufacture, within the Year ending on the Tenth Day of October, previous to taking out the Licence, shall not have exceeded Twenty thousand Pounds Weight - 2

- If the same shall have exceeded Twenty

thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Thirty thousand Pounds Weight - 3

---- if the same shall have exceeded Thirty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Forty thousand Pounds Weight -4?

---- If the same shall have exceeded Forty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Fifty thousand Pounds Weight - 5

— ----If the same shall have exceeded Fifty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Sixty thousand Pounds Weight - 6

• 1 If the same shall have exceeded Sixty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Seventy thousand Pounds Weight ' - - 7

. d. 18 0 6 0 14? 0

2 0

0 0

0 0

0 0 0 0 4? 0

0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

100

C. 69.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Licences — continued.

•---- If the same shall have exceeded Seventy

thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Eighty thousand Pounds Weight - - 8 0 0

— ----If the same shall have exceeded Eighty

thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded Ninety thousand Pounds Weight - 9 0 0

— -......If the same shall have exceeded Ninety

thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded One hundred thousand Pounds Weight - - 10 0 0

----If the same shall have exceeded One hundred

thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds Weight - 12 0 0

----If the same shall have exceeded One hundred

and twenty thousand Pounds, and shall not have exceeded One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds Weight - -15 0 0

— — — — — If the same shall have exceeded One hundred

and fifty thousand Pounds Weight - - 20 0 0

Every Person who shall first become a Manufacturer of Tobacco or SnulF, for every such Licence, Two Pounds, and within Ten Days after the Tenth Day of October next after taking out such Licence, such further additional Sum as, with the said Two Pounds, shall amount to the Duty hereinbefore directed to be paid, according to the Quantity of Tobacco and Snuff Work weighed for Manufacture within the preceding Year - - -200

and a Surcharge. Every Dealer in, or Seller of, Tobacco or Snuff, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in or of the Chief Office of Excise in Edinburgh, for every such Licence - - 0 5 0

Every Dealer in, or Seller of, Tobacco or Snuff, in any other Part of Great Britain, out of the said Limits, for every such Licence - 0 2 6

Every Maker or Vinegar for Sale, ' for every such Licence - -10 00

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine, in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for the retailing of Beer, Ale or other exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine - -54 0

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale, and other exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine - - 440

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called England, who shall have an Excise

A.D. 1803.

C. 69.

101

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Licences — continued.

Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine - - -2

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, or a Licence for retailing Beer,

Ale or other exciseable Liquors, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine - 3

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have taken out a Licence for retailing Beer, Ale or other exciseable Liquors, but shall not have an Excise Licence for retailing distilledSpirituousLiquors or StrongWaters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine - 2

Every Retailer of Foreign Wine in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who shall have an Excise Licence for retailing distilled Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, for every such Licence to retail Foreign Wine - - 1

Every Wiredrawer or other Person, who shall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, in Great Britain, for every Licence to be taken out as aforesaid - - 2

[^5 to Transfer of Licences, see 53 G. 3. c. 103.]

MALT.

For every Bushel of Malt which shall be made of Barley or any other Corn or Grain, in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof - 0

N.B. Malt is also subject to Two other Duties, imposed by annual Acts, viz. 6d. per Bushel in England, and 2>d. per Bushel in Scotland, by the Act for continuing certain Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, and 9 Bushel in England, and 4$ in Scotland, by the Act for continuing the Duties oa Pensions, Offices, &c,

METHEGLIN or MEAD.

For every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof - - 0

For every Gallon of Metheglin or Mead which shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas into Great Britain, not being Irish Metheglin or Mead imported directly from Ireland, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof - 0

PAPER.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper made in Great Britain, of the First Class or Denomination,

5. d.

4 0

6 8

13 4

6

0 0 1 0i

1 6

5 0

102

C. 69.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Paper — continued.

that is to say, all Paper, other than Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar or any Part therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pressers, or Sheathing Paper, or Button Paper or Button Board - For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper made in Great Britain, of the Second Class or Denomination, that is to say, all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only as aforesaid For every Hundred Weight of Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hot Pressers, and of Millboard and Scale-board, made in Great Britain -

The said Duties upon Paper, Millboard, Scale-board and Glazed Paper, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively. (

(a) [Repealed, 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 30. § 14.]

PRINTED GOODS.

For every Yard Square of Paper which shall be printed, painted or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings or other Uses, over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the printing, painting or staining thereof -

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard Wide, of Foreign Calico, and of Foreign Muslin, which shall be printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only -

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard Wide, of all Linens, and of Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, and of British Muslins, and of all Fustians, Velvets, Velverets, Dimities and other figured Stuffs made of Cotton and other Materials mixed, or wholly made of Cotton Wool, wove in Great Britain, and of all other Stuffs whatsoever, which shall be printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great Britain, except such as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen -

For every Yard in Length, reckoning Half yard wide, of all Silks which shall be printed, stained or painted in Great Britain, Silk Handkerchiefs excepted, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them For every Yard Square of Silk Handkerchiefs, which shall be printed, stained, painted or dyed in Great 21

£. s. d.

0 0 3

0 0 li

1 1 0

0 0 ll C 0 7

0 0 3£ 0 1 II

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Printed Goods — continued. d.

Britain, over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them - - 0 0

The said Duties on printed, stained, painted or dyed Goods, to be paid by the Printer,

Stainer, Painter or Dyer thereof.

SALT.

For every Bushel of Salt which shall be imported from

beyond the Seas into Great Britai, not being Salt imported directly from Ire, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof - - 0 13 4

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in that Part of Great Britain called England - 0 10 0

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt that shall be made at any Salt Work, or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in Scotland - - 0 4 0

For every Bushel of all Salts known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, which shall be made or produced in Great Britain (a) - - 0 10 0

(a) [Additional Duty, 45 G.3. c. 14. 47 G. 3.

c. 30. § 2. But Duty on Glauber Salts, 55 3.

c. 66. § 33. And on Epsom Salts, 3. c. 162. and no

neto Duties in either Case im.]

For every Ton of Mineral Alkali or Flux for Glass,

which shall be made in Great Britain - - 1 0 0

For every Bushel of Rock Salt, which shall be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, other than Ireland - 0 0 1

The said Duties on Salt made or raised or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit, and on Rock Salt exported, to be paid by the Makers of Salt or Refiners of Rock Salt, or Proprietors of Salt Works respectively.

For every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt which shall be brought from Scotland into that Part of Great Britain called England, accompanied with a Certificate from the proper Officer that it hath paid the Duty of Four Shillings hereby imposed for every Bushel of Salt or Rock Salt made at any Salt Work or taken out of any Salt Mine or Salt Pit in, to

be paid by the Master or Commander of every Ship or Vessel bringing or importing such Salt or Rock Salt before the landing thereof -060

For every Bushel of Salt used or employed in curing and salting Flesh exported from Scotland to England, and Provisions for Ships in Scotland and for Foreign Voyages, to be paid by the Owners or Shippers thereof in Scotland - 0 6 0

For every Hundred Weight of Salted Beef or Pork, or of Bacon brought by Land from Scotland to

104

c. 69. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Salt — continued. s.

England, to be paid by the Person bringing the same, upon Entry thereof at the nearest Office of Excise in England, on Pain of the Forfeiture of such Beef, Pork or Bacon, or the Value thereof, to be recovered and applied as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered and applied by any Law or Laws of Excise (a) - 0 2 6

(a) [6<f. of this Duty 2s. 6d. rep, 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 30. § 5. Additional Duties on Salt generally, 45 G. 3. c. 14. But the Duties of Excise payable upon Salt, and the Duties

upon Foreign Salt payable in Scotland, reduced, 3 G.4. c. 82.

SILKS.

See Printed Goods.

SOAP.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof - 0 0 2£

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap, which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof - - 0 0 If

SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made for extracting Spirits, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for Home Consumption, from any Malt,

Corn, Grain or Tilts, or any Mixture with the same 0 Oil For every Gallon of Cyder or Perry, or any other Wash or Liquor brewed or made as aforesaid from any Sort or Kind of British Materials, except such as are before mentioned, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption - 0 0 10

For every Gallon of Wort or Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption - - 0 1 4

For every Gallon of Wash brewed or made as aforesaid from Foreign refused Wine or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from any other Foreign Materials, except Melasses and Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, for extracting Spirits for Home Consumption 0 1 10

The said Duties to be paid by the Makers or Distillers of such Worts or Wash respectively.

For every One hundred and twenty Gallons of Wash which Sir William Bishop, George Bishop, and Angles Bishop, and the Survivors and Survivor of them possessed of the Distillery and Premises in which George Bishop deceased carried on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva at Maidstone in the County of Kent, shall produce on or before the Fifth Day of

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69.

105

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Spirits — continued.

July One thousand eight hundred and four, from a Weight of Malt or other Corn, including the Bran thereof, and not exceeding One hundred and twelve Pounds Avoirdupois, to be paid by the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop and Angles,

and the Survivors and Survivor of them 1

For every Gallon of Wash in the Possession of the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop and Angles Bishop, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, at any Time when Thirty Gallons of any Wash so in their Possession taken and distilled by the Officer of Excise, according to the Directions and under the Authority of an Act made in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty, to continue and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as permits Sir William George Bishop and Angles, to carry on the

Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, shall be found to produce more than Two Gallons and One Eighth of a Gallon of Spirits at the Strength of One in Six under Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the said Sir William Bishop, George Bishop and Angles, and the

Survivor and Survivors of them, immediately on being charged therewith by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise - - 0

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards, and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which shall be used or employed for any or either of the Purposes hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

----For the making or distilling of Low Wines

or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from. Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or other Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except the -land District, particularly specified and described in the Acts in that Case made and provided, the annual Sum of - - 108

.---- For the making or distilling of Low Wines or

Spirits for Consumption in Scotland, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in Scotland, the annual Sum of - 670

---- For the making or distilling of Low Wines

or Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, except Melasses or Sugar,

s. d. 10 0

1 0

0 0 0 0

106

C. 6

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Spirits — - continued. d.

or any Mixture therewith, in any Part or Place in

Scotland, the annual Sum of - 760 0 0

---- And for the rectifying, compounding or mixing, in any Part or Place in Scotl, of any Kind of Spirits or Strong Waters for Consumption in

land, the annual Sum of - 108 0 0

The said Duties on the Contents of Stills to be paid by the Distillers, Makers, Rectifiers or Compounders of Spirits respectively.

[. Duties repealed, and other, 46 G. 3. 102. See

54 G. 3. c. 172. 56 G. 3. c. 106. § 34.]

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher or lower Degree of Strength, which shall be made or distilled in any Part or Place in Scotland, for Consumption in

latid, not exceeding the Number of Gallons of Spirits limited and restricted to be distilled according to the annual Rates hereinafter mentioned by or from each Still, to be paid by the Distiller of the said Spirits over and above the aforesaid Duty on the Content of the Still, and the hereinafter mentioned Duty on the Worts or Wash from which such Spirits may be or may have been made or distilled, the Sum of - 0 0 6

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland, other than and except in the Highland District aforesaid, for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from any Malt, Corn, Grain,

Tilts, Cyder or Perry, or other Worts, Wash or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Brewer, Maker or Distiller thereof - - 0 0 c2h

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of all Worts or Wash brewed or made in any Part or Place in Scotland for extracting Spirits for Consumption in Scotland from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or from Foreign refused Wines, or Foreign Cyder, or Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, to be paid by the Brewer,

Maker or Distiller thereof - 0 0 2£

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the cubical

Content or Capacity of each and every Still, including the Head and every Part thereof, and of any Horn, Pipe, Tube or other Apparatus therewith connected, under whatever Name or Denomination the same may be called or known, as high as the Steam can ascend, and until the Top of the Head shall turn downwards and form an Angle of Forty five Degrees, which shall be used and employed in distilling and drawing off Spirits in the Highland District aforesaid, for Consumption in the said Highland,

District only, from the Barley, Beer or Bigg, of the

A.D. 1803.

C. 69.

107

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — . Duties.

Spirits — continued. s. Growth of the several and respective Counties, Parts of Counties, and Places within the said District, the cubical Content or Capacity of such Still not being less than Thirty nor more than Forty Gallons, to be paid by the Persons applying for Licences, as in such Case is required and duly recommended and qualified to erect, keep and work StiIJs for that Purpose, the annual Sum of - - 6 10

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, exceeding Forty Gallons, of the cubical Content or Capacity of each and every such Still which shall be so used and employed by, or shall be in the Possession of, such licensed Person within the Highland District aforesaid, of larger Dimensions than aforesaid, the Surplus not being more than Three Gallons over and above the said Forty Gallons, the annual Sum of - 9 10

For and upon all Spirits of the Strength of One to Ten over Flydrometer Proof which shall be distilled in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland for Consumption in Scotland, exceeding the several and respective Quantities hereinafter mentioned, to be paid on Demand by the Distillers or Makers of such Spirits, over and above all other Duties whatsoever, the several Sums hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, ---- For every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits distilled from Malt, Corn or any British Materials, exceeding the annual Rate of Two thousand and twenty five Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the beforementioned annual Duty of One hundred and eight Pounds shall be paid for every Gallon of such Content in the Lowlands of or exceeding

the annual Rate of Fifty two Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the beforementioned annual Duty of Six Pounds Ten Shillings, or of Nine Pounds Ten Shillings respectively, shall be paid for every Gallon of such Content in the Highland District aforesaid, the Sum of 0 3

----For every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits

distilled from Melasses or Sugar exceeding the annual Rate of Four thousand and fifty Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the-Content of the Still when the beforementioned annual Duty of Six hundred and seventy Pounds shall be paid, for every Gallon of such Content in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of - 0 4

" — And for every Gallon of such Surplus Spirits

distilled from other Foreign Materials than Melasses or Sugar, exceeding the annual Rate of Three thousand six hundred and forty five Gallons of the Strength aforesaid, for each Gallon of the Content of the Still when the beforementioned annual Duty

0

0

0

9

108

C. 69. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Spirits — continued. d. of Seven hundred and sixty Pounds shall be paid, for every Gallon of such Content in any Part or Place in Scotland, the Sum of - 0 5 9

For every Gallon of Spirits deficient, if the Quantity of Spirits computed at the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be produced to the proper Officer or Officers of Excise by any Distiller in Scotland, and be actually charged with the beforementioned Duty of Six Pence for every Gallon, shall be found to fall short of the Quantity which ought to have been produced according to the beforementioned annual Rates, to be paid by the Distiller or Maker of such Spirits, the Sum of - 0 0 6

For every Deficiency of Spirits in every Case where the Spirits extracted by any Distiller in,

and produced to the proper Officer of Excise, and actually charged with the Duty by this Act imposed of Six Pence for every Gallon, shall fall short of the respective Proportions hereinafter mentioned, to be paid by such Distiller, the several Sums hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,)

---- If the Spirits in which the Deficiency shall

be discovered, shall have been made or distilled from Malt, Corn or British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and if any Distiller in the Lowlands of Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least Eleven Gallons English Wine Measure of Spirits

of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof for every One hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from the said Materials, and found in the Custody of such Distiller; or if any Distiller in the Highland District of Scotland shall not produce to the Officer at least Six Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from Barley, Beer or Bigg of the Growth of the said Highlands, or any Mixture therewith, and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient, the Sum of - 0 1 6

- — - If the Spirits in which the Deficiency

shall be discovered shall have been made or distilled from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any Part or Place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least Twenty two Gallons.of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid for every One hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from the said Materials and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient 0 3 9

.---- Or if the Spirits in which the Deficiency

shall be discovered shall have been distilled from any other Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, and any Distiller in any Part or Place in Scotland shall not produce to the proper Officer at least

A.D. 1803.

C. 69.

109

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A). — Duties.

Spirits — continued.

Twenty Gallons of Spirits of the Strength aforesaid, for every One hundred Gallons of Wash prepared from the said Materials and found in the Custody of such Distiller, for every Gallon deficient - For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and so in Proportion for any higher Degree of Strength, made or distilled in that Part of Great Britain called, and imported

or brought from thence into, to be paid by

the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof For every Gallon of British Spirits of a Strength not exceeding that of One to Ten over Plydrometer Proof, manufactured in S, and brought from thence into that Part of Great Britain called England, to be paid by the Importer before the landing thereof -

For every Gallon of all such Spirits as last aforesaid, of a greater Strength than One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, and not exceeding Three Pounds per Centum over and above One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, Five Shillings and a Halfpenny; and also a further Duty proportioned to the Degree of Strength in which such Spirits shall exceed the said Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof

and

For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae above Proof, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters of any Sort or Kind, other than such Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits imported directly from Ireland - For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters above Proof, other than such Brandy, Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits imported directly from Ireland -

The said several Duties on Spirits imported to be paid by the Importers thereof before the landing thereof.

s. d.

0 4? 8

0 4 0

0 5 0£

0 5 Oh

a Surcharge. 0 6 11 0 13 4

0 7 6 0 14 6

0 8 5

0 16 5

no

C. 69.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties. STARCH.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch, of what Kind soever, which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof

SWEETS.

For every Barrel of Liquor which shall be made in Great Britain, for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation

or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines, to be paid by the Maker thereof -

[Additional Duty on 55 3. c. 30.]

TEA.

For and upon all Tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for less than Two Shillings and Six Pence pe Pound Weight Avoirdupois, Fifteen Pounds per to be computed

upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be sold -

For and upon all Tea which shall be sold in Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies for Two Shillings and Six Pence per Pound Weight or upwards, Fort}'' five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the Gross Prices at which such Tea shall be sold

The said Duties on Tea to be paid by the Purchasers of such Tea to the said United Company, and by the said United Company to the Commissioners of Excise for the time being.

TOBACCO AND SNUFF.

For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of the Plantations or Dominions of Spain or Portugal, imported into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of His Majesty's Colonies, Plantations, Islands or Territories in America, or of the United States of America, imported into Great Britain For every Pound Weight of Tobacco of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia, or of the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, imported into Great Britain, and for every Pound Weight of Tobacco imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies -

&C* d *

0 0 3 *

2 2 0

15 0 0 45 0 0

0 1 0 0 0 4

Oil.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69.

Ill

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

Tobacco and Snuff — continued

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain by the United Company of Mer-- chants of England trading to the East Indies - 0

For every Pound Weight of Snuff imported into Great Britain from any British Plantation in America, or from the Spanish West Indies - 0

For every Pound Weight of Snuffimported into Great Britain from any other Place, not being Irish manufactured Snuff imported directly from Ireland - 0

The said Duties to be paid by the Importers or Proprietors of all Tobacco and Snuff which shall have been imported, and for which all the Duties chargeable on Tobacco and Snuff respectively shall not have been paid on or before the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, or which shall be imported, and which in either case shall not be duly exported to Parts beyond the Seas directly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged under the Rules and Regulations in that case by Law provided.

N.B. Tobacco and Snuff are also subject to annual Duties by the Act for continuing the Duties on Pensions, Offices, &c.

For the Conditions, Rules and Regulations under which Tobacco and Snuff may, on Importation, be secured in Warehouses, see 29 Geo. 3. c. 68. and 33 Geo. 3. c. 57.

[See 53 G. 3. c. 34. Sch.A.B. Drawback on Tobacco, Additional Duty, 55 G. 3. c. 30.]

VERJUICE.

For every Hogshead of Verjuice which shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof - - 0

VINEGAR.

For every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be brewed or made in Great Britain for Sale, to be paid by the Maker thereof - Q

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine which shall be imported into Great Britain - - 4S

For every Tun of all other Wines, not being French Wines, which shall be imported into Great Britain - 32 The said Duties on Wines to be paid by the Importers thereof before the landing thereof.

[See 53 G. 3. c. 34. Sch.A. C. 53

Tab.B. 54 G. 3. c. 40. c. 121. §T.}

s. d. 1 0

0 6 0 7

Sch. C. 7 8

10 0

6 0 11 0

3. c. 84.

112

C. 69.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (A.) — Duties.

WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Gilt Wire which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof - -00 10

For every Ounce Troy of Silver Wire which shall be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Maker thereof - -007

SCHEDULE (B.)

COUNTERVAILING DUTIES OF EXCISE on certain Commodities imported from Ireland into Great Britain.

BEER.

For every Barrel consisting of Thirty six Gallons, Eng-

lish Beer Measure, of Irish Beer, Ale or Mum, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland, and so in Proportion for any greater

or less Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof 0 13 11

BRICKS AND TILES.

For every Thousand of Irish Bricks, not exceeding any of the following Dimensions; (that is to say,) Ten Inches long, Three Inches thick, and Five Inches wide -

For every Thousand of Irish Bricks, exceeding any of the foregoing Dimensions For every Thousand of I Bricks, smoothed or polished on One or more Side or Sides, not exceeding the superficial Dimensions of Ten Inches long by Five Inches wide -

For every Hundred of such last mentioned Bricks, exceeding the said Dimensions -,

For every Thousand of Irish Plain Tiles For every Thousand of Irish Pan or Ridge Tiles For every Hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, not exceeding Ten Inches Square -

For every Hundred of Irish Paving Tiles, exceeding Ten Inches Square -

For every Thousand of Irish Tiles, other than such as are hereinbefore enumerated and described, by whatsoever Name or Names such Tiles are or may be called or known -

0 5 0

0 10 0

0 12 0 The Duties on Paving Tiles.

0 4 10 0 12 10

0 2 5

0 4 10 *

0 4 10

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead, consisting of Sixty three Gallons,

English Wine Measure, of Irish Cyder and Perry, which shall be imported as Merchandize, or for Sale, or which shall be sent or consigned to any Factor or Agent to sell or dispose of - -10 0

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 69.

113

SCHEDULE (B.) — Duties.

HOPS. £. s. d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Hops 0 0

MEAD OR METHEGLIN.

For every Gallon of Irish Metheglin or Mead - 0 1 6

VELLUM AND PARCHMENT.

For every Dozen of Irish Vellum - 0 3 6

For every Dozen of Irish Parchment - - 0 1 9

PAPER.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Paper

of the First Class or Denomination; (that is to say,) all Paper other than Brown Paper made of old Ropes, or Cordage only, without separating or extracting the Pitch or Tar, or any Part therefrom, and without any Mixture of other Materials therewith, and not being Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpressers, or Sheathing Paper, Button Paper or Button Board (a) 0 0 3

(a) [Sheathing Paper, Button Paper and Button Board to

pay as Mill Board, 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 30. § 14.]

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Paper of the Second Class or Denomination; (that is to say,) all Brown Paper made of old Ropes or Cordage only as aforesaid - - 0 0 l£

For every One hundred Weight of Pasteboard,

Millboard, Scaleboard and Glazed Paper for Clothiers and Hotpressers - - I 1 0

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books, whether bound or unbound, and of Maps or Prints, which shall be imported into Great Britain directly from Ireland - - -003

SPIRITS, BRITISH.

For every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of Spirits,

Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters, which shall be distilled or made in Ireland, and imported into Great Britain, at a Strength not exceeding One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof - - 0 5 4

For and upon all such Spirits above the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, a Duty in Proportion to the last mentioned Duty; and for and upon all such of the said Spirits as shall be sweetened or compounded, a like Duty computed upon the highest Degree of Strength at which such Spirits c \ propor-can be made .... -\tional Duty.

WIRE.

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Gilt Wire - - 0 0 10

43 Geo. III. I

1U

C. 69.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (B.) — Duties.

Wire — continued. d.

For every Ounce Troy of Irish Silver Wire - - 0 0 7

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Gold Thread, Gold Lace or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire, spun upon Silk - - 0 7 8

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Irish Silver Thread, Silver Lace or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire, spun upon Silk - - 0 5 9

SCHEDULE (C.)

ALLOWANCES, BOUNTIES, AND DRAWBACKS OF EXCISE.

ALLOWANCES.

PAPER.

For all such Glazed or other Press Papers made in Great Britain, for Clothiers and Hot Pressers, as shall be actually and bondJide used, employed and consumed in the pressing of Woollen Cloths and Stuffs in Great Britain - The whole Duty.

For all Paper made in Great Britain of the First Class or Denomination, which shall be used in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, or in the printing of Bibles,

Testaments, Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer, and Confession of Faith, and the Larger and Shorter Catechism, or any of them, within the Twro Universities of Oxford and Cam, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice Chancellors of the same respectively; or which shall be used in the printing of any Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental or Northern Languages, within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principals of the same respectively; or which shall be used by the King’s Printers in England and Scotland respectively, in the printing of Bibles, Testaments,

Psalm Books, Books of Common Prayer of the Church of England, the Book commonly called or known in Scotland by the Name of the Confession of Faith, or the Larger or Shorter Catechism of the Church of Scotland, - The whole Duty.

SALT.

For every Bushel of Salt, of English Manufacture, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton in that Part of Great Britain called Englan, in the making of Oxi-genatod Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for

c.m

115

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Allowances.

Salt — continued. sS.

any greater or less Quantity, deducting at the Rate of Seven and an Half per Centum in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air - - 0

For every Bushel of Salt which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed by any Bleacher of Linen or Cotton, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the making of Oxigenated Muriatic Acid, for the sole Purpose of bleaching Linen or Cotton, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, deducting at the Rate of Seven and an Half per Centum in consequence of the Increase in the Weight of the Salt by the Moisture of the Air 0 [See55 G. § 1.]

SOAP.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, made in Great, which

shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain, in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Kerseys, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lamb’s Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finishing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same - - 0

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain in the making of any Cloths, Serges, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheep or Lamb’s Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greatest Part of the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finishing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same - - 0

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, made m Great, which

shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, for Sale - - - 0

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soft Soap, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain in the whitening of new Linen in the Piece, for Sale - 0

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Soap made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great, on or before

the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton, for Sale, (except such as shall be used in whitening new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale thereof) - - 0

s. d. 10 0

4 0

0 1

0 1

0 H 0 0{

0 0$

11-6

C. 69.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Allowances.

STARCH. £. s. d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great B, on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and six, in preparing and finishing any Manufactures from Flax or Cotton, for Sale, except such as shall be used in finishing new Linen in the Piece, for Sale, as hereinafter mentioned - 0 0 l-£r

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, which shall be used, employed, spent and consumed in Great Britain as aforesaid, in finishing new Linen in the Piece, for Sale - 0 0 3

WINE.

For any Sort of Wines shipped for the Use of Admirals, Captains, or other Commissioned Officers employed in His Majesty's Service, for their actual Consumption on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall serve in, at such Ports, in such Quantities, and in such Manner, as is provided by Law All the Duties.

BOUNTIES.

BEER.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale, above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty imposed on such Beer or Ale, brewed in Great Britain from malted Corn, whereupon the Duties for Strong Beer or Ale shall be proved to have been charged or paid, and which shall be duly exported to foreign Parts as Merchandize, when Barley is at Twenty four Shillings per Quarter or under - -010

SALT.

For every One hundred Weight of dried Cod Fish,

Ling or Hake, commonly called Haberdine, which shall contain in Length Fourteen Inches or upwards, from the Bone in the Fin to the Third Joint in the Tail of every such Fish, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - 0

For every Barrel of Wet Cod Fish, Ling or Hake, containing Thirty two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - 0

For every Barrel of Salmon, containing Forty two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - - 0

For every Barrel of White Herrings, containing Thirty two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to Fo-

20

3 0 2 0

4 6

A.D-. 1803.

C.G9.

117

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Bounties.

Salt — continued. £. d.

reign Parts, from and after the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four - 0 2 8

[Repealed, 55 G. 3. c. 94. § 5.]

For every Barrel of full Red Herrings, containing Thirty two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - - 0 1 9

For every Barrel of clean shotten Red Herrings, containing Thirty two Gallons, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - 0 1 0

For every Last, consisting of Ten thousand dried Red Sprats, which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - - 0 1 0

For every Cask or Vessel of Pilchards or Scads, containing Fifty Gallons, which shall be duly exported

to Foreign Parts - - - 0 7 0

For every such Cask or Vessel of Pilchards so exported, until and upon the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, over and besides the aforesaid Sum of Seven Shillings - 0 1 6

For all Pilchards which shall be duly shipped and exported directly to any of the British West India Islands, or to any Port or Place in the Mediterranean, in Casks of Thirty two Gallons or upwards, a Bounty in due proportion to the Bounty or Bounties by this Act payable for Pilchards exported to Foreign Parts, in Casks containing Fifty Gallons

[Bounty extended, 48 G. 3. c. 68. — 52 G. 3. c. 42. — 59 G.3. c. 77.]

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, containing Thirty two Gallons, which shall have been salted in that Part of Great Britain called England, with Salt that shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon in England, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - -050

For every Barrel of Beef or Pork, of Thirty two Gallons, which shall have been salted in Scotland, with Foreign Salt that shall have paid all the Duties due and payable thereon, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts - - 0 5 0

A proportional Bounty.

DRAWBACKS.

BEER.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale brewed or made in Great Britain, above Sixteen Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty imposed on Beer or Ale, and not being Two Penny Ale, mentioned and described in the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Union with Scotland, for which the Duty on Strong Beer or Ale shall have been paid, and which shall be duly ex-

13

118

C. 69.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks,

Beer — continued. g£. s. d.

ported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - 0 13 11

BRICKS AND TILES.

For all Bricks and Tiles respectively made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize All the Duties.

CANDLES.

For all Candles made in Great Britain of Tallow or other Materials than Wax or Spermaceti, and of Wax or Spermaceti Candles, or Candles usually called or sold for Wax or Spermaceti Candles, made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize All the Duties.

CHOCOLATE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Chocolate made in Great Britain of Cocoa Nuts, which shall have been imported into Great, and for

which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - - -0010

[. Additional Drawback on Chocolate ', 53 G.3. c. 11.}

CYDER AND PERRY.

For every Hogshead of Cyder or Perry made in

Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, the several and respective Duties by this Act imposed in respect of such Cyder and Perry - AH the Duties.

GLASS.

For every Square Foot Superficial Measure of Plate

Glass made in Great Britain, from Materials or Metal or other Preparations for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - 0 2 2

For every Hundredweight of Flint Glass or Enamel,

Stained or Paste Glass or Phial Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - -23 6

A.D. 1803.

C. 69.

119

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks.

Glass p — co ntinued. £. s.

For every Hundred Weight of Spread Window Glass, commonly called or known by the Name of Broad Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metaf, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - 0 8 1

For every Hundred Weight of all other Window Glass, not being Spread Glass, whether flashed or otherwise manufactured, and commonly called or known either by the Name of Crown Glass or of German Sheet Glass, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - - - 1 9 9

For every Hundred Weight of common Bottles, not being Phials, and of Vessels made use of in Chemical Laboratories, and of Garden Glasses, and of all other Vessels or Utensils of common Bottle Metal, made in Great Britain from Materials or Metal, or other Preparations, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity -04

[Duties and Drawbacks on Windotvs and Crovon Glass made to

cease, 49 G. 3. c. 63. § 1.]

HIDES AND SKINS.

For all Hides and Calve Skins, Sheep and Lamb Skins, and Seal Skins, tanned or tawed in Great,

and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall, be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize \0ftbeDuties For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Leather tanned in Great Britain, and chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - - -OOI5

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Boots, Shoes,

Gloves or other Manufactures made in Great of any Kind of tawed Leather chargeable by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to f Two Thirds Foreign Parts - - . tof.beDute.

For every Pound Weight of all Buck, Deer or Elk

Skins dressed in Oil in Great Brita, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been

0i

120

C. 69.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks.

Hides and Skins — continued. £. s. d.

paid, whether manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares or not, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - - 0 1 0

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of all Sheep and Lamb Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - 0 0 3

For every Pound Weight of all other Skins and of all Hides dressed in Oil in Great, for which the

Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - 0 0 6

For ^very Pound Weight of all other Skins, except Lamb Skins, and of all Hides dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be exported as Merchandize to Foreign jxwo Thirds Parts ---- - "^of theDuties.

HOPS.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Hops growing or to grow, and cured and made fit for use in Great Britain, on which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been duly charged, and which

shall be exported as Merchandize to the Isle of Man, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four All the Duties.

PAPEB.

For all Paper made in Great, for which the

Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - All the Duties.

For every One hundred Weight of Pasteboard made in Great Britain of Paper for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid; and for every One hundred Weight of Millboard and Scaleboard made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect of such Millboard and Scaleboard respectively shall have been paid, and duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - 1 1 0

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Books in perfect and complete Sets, or if periodical Publications, in perfect Parts or Numbers, and of blank, plain or ruled Account Books, whether bound or unbound, made of, or printed or ruled on, Paper of the First Class or Denomination, the Duties in respect whereof shall have been paid, for which Books no Drawback or Allowance whatever shall have been paid, re-

in osted

A.D. 1803.

C. 69.

121

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks.

Paper — continued. £• s- d.

ceived or obtained, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - - 0 0 3

PRINTED GOODS.

For every Yard Square of Paper printed, painted or stained in Great Britain, for Hangings or other Uses, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts The whole Duty.

For all Linens, Stuffs, Fustians, Velvets, Velverets,

Dimities, figured Stuffs, Stuffs wholly made of Cotton Wool wove in Great Britain, commonly called British Manufactory, Calicoes and Muslins, and all Silk Handkerchiefs printed, stained, painted or dyed; and for all Silks printed, stained or painted in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - All the Duties.

SALT.

For every Bushel of Salt made in that Part of Great Britain called England, Rock Salt excepted, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence to Foreign Parts as Merchandize - 0 10

For every Bushel of Salt made in Scotland, Rock Salt excepted, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported from thence as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - - o 4

For every Bushel of Salts, known or called by the Name of Glauber or Epsom Salts, made or produced in Great Britain, for which all the Duties due and payable thereon shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported to Foreign Parts as Merchandize 0 10

\_See 45 G. 3. c. 14. $ 2. Drawback on Glauber Salts repealed, 35 G. 3. c. 66. § 33. and no Epsom Salts, 55 G. 3. c. 162.

SOAP.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of hard Cake Soap, or Ball Soap, or of Soft Soap, made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts - All the Duties.

STARCH.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Starch made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts The whole Duty.

TEA.

For all Teas for which the Duties imposed in respect

0

I

0

0

C. 69.

A.D. 1803.

122

4S" GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks.

Tea — continued. St

thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize directly from the Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged according to Law upon the Importation thereof to Ireland, or His Majesty's Plantations or Settlements in America, or the United States of, or to

the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, or to, or to any Port or Place on the Continent of Europe where there shall be a British Consul resident for the Protection of Trade, or to Africa - All the Duties.

TOBACCO.

For every Pound Weight of Shortcut Tobacco, manufactured at any of the Ports of Great Britain into which Tobacco may lawfully be imported, or within Two Miles thereof, from Tobacco for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize by the Manufacturer thereof from such Ports to Foreign Parts 0 0 4?

For every Pound Weight of Shag Tobacco so manufactured and exported - 0 0 3$

For every Pound Weight of Roll Tobacco so manufactured and exported - 0 0 4?

For every Pound Weight of Carrot Tobacco so manufactured and exported - 0 0 3$

N.B. Tobacco exported is also entitled to other Drawbacks out of the annual Duty by Act for continuing the Duties on Pensions, Offices, &c.

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as Merchandize from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of French Wine, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - - 44? 2 0

For every Tun of any other Wines imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and which shall be duly exported as aforesaid as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - - - 29 8 0

WIRE.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Gold Thread,

Gold Lace or Gold Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Gilt Wire made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - 0 7 8

A.D. 1803.

C. 69 — 73.

123

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (C.) — Drawbacks.

Wire — continued. s. d.

For every Pound Weight Avoirdupois of Silver Thread,

Silver Lace or Silver Fringe, made of Plate Wire spun upon Silk, such Plate Wire being made of Silver Wire made in Great Britain, for which the Duties imposed in respect thereof shall have been paid, and exported as Merchandize to foreign Parts, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity - 0 5 9

CAP. LXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and on the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain.

[4th 1803.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act for augmenting the Number of Field Officers and other Officers of Militia within Great Britain.

[4th 1803.]

{During the Waji]

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great, while disembodied.

[4th July 1803.]

[Until 25th March 1804.]

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

repeal an Act, passed, in the 7 voenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain

Medicines, and for charging other Duties lieu,

and for making effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties.

[4th 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of

sent Majesty, for granting Stamp Duties on certain Medicines,

‘ and for charging other Duties in lieu and for making

effectual Provision for the better Collection of the said Duties:

‘ And Whereas it is expedient that the Schedule annexed to the < said Act should be repealed, and another Schedule should be

enacted in lieu thereof, and that the said Act should be amend-< cd May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

by

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

42 G.3. c

124

C. 73.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Schedule, and so much of recited Act as relates thereto, repealed; and the Schedule hereto annexed to be deemed a Part of recited Act.

Receiving from Proprietors Articles subject to Duty without Labels, and not returning them, &c.

Penalty, 201.

On Outside of Parcels containing Twelve Inclosures shall be written, " Medicines, " &c.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Schedule to the said recited Act annexed, and so much of the said recited Act as relates to the said Schedule, or to the extending the Provisions thereof to the said Schedule, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and that instead and lieu thereof the Schedule to this Act annexed shall be construed with the said recited Act, and as a Part thereof, and shall, in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, be applied and construed in like Manner as if the Schedule to this Act had been annexed to the said recited Act, and was especially enacted therein; and all Powers, Authorities, Directions and Provisions of the said Act, and every Reference therein contained to the Schedule thereunto annexed, and all Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things relating thereto, or in the said Act contained, in relation to the Duties granted by the said Act, or to any of the Provisions of the said Act, shall (except where the same are hereby expressly varied) be applied, construed, deemed and taken to refer to the Schedule to this Act annexed, and to all the Clauses and Provisions of this Act, and shall be extended to and construed in like Manner as if the Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Clauses and Provisions in this Act contained, had been enacted in the said recited Act, and as fully as if all the said Powers, Authorities, Directions, Provisions, Clauses, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, had been severally re-enacted in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall receive from any Proprietor, Compounder or original or first Vender, or any Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons employed by any such Proprietor, Compounder or original or first Vender, any Article or Articles whatever, subject to any Duty granted by the said recited Act, for the Purpose of selling the same again, without the Label or Labels denoting the proper Duty being first duly affixed thereto, and shall not within Ten Days return the same to the Person or Persons from whom such Article or Articles was or were received, or within that Space of Time give Information thereof to the Commissioners at the Head Office in Somerset Place, and deposit such Article or Articles with the nearest Distributor of Stamps, he or she shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty imposed by the said Act may be recovered under the said Act and this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That upon the Outside of all Parcels, Boxes, Trunks or Packages, in which shall be contained One Dozen or more of Packets, Boxes, Bottles, Pots, Phials or other Inclosures, containing any Article in the said Acts mentioned, and subject to Duty under the said recited Act or this Act, sent b}' any Proprietor, Compounder or original Vender thereof, or any Agent or Agents, or Person or Persons employed by him, her or them, to any retail Vender, by any public Conveyance, or which shall be about to be exported, the Word " Medicines" shall be written; and also the Name of such Proprietor, Compounder or original Vender, and of the Person or Persons sending or exporting the same, if not such Proprietor, Compounder or original Vender thereof; and that it shall be lawful for any Officers of the

Customs

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 73.

125

Customs or Excise, or any Person appointed by the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising on Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, by Authority in Writing under the Hand of any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace, (which Authority any Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to grant, on Information given to and proved before him on Oath) which Oath such Magistrate or Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized to administer) , that there is reason to suspect that any such Parcel, Box, Trunk or Package contains such Articles subject to such Duties, and not properly labelled according to the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act) , to open such Parcels, Boxes, Trunks or Packages, and examine if the proper Labels be duly affixed to the Articles therein contained; and in case such Labels are not affixed thereto, according to the Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act, to seize the same, and send or deliver the same to the said Commissioners at the Head Office at Somerset Place, who are hereby authorized to reward the Officer or Officers making any such Seizure in such Manner as to them shall seem fit.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, or Actions, Bills, Plaints or Informations, in any of His Majesty's Courts, against any Person or Persons, or to proceed before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or before any Magistrate or Magistrates in a summary Way, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, made or incurred by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty second Year aforesaid, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, and by his Authority, or by and in the Name or Names of some Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, Actions, Bills, Plaints or Informations, or Prosecution, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, by or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, or under any other Authority than is in that Behalf before mentioned, the same and all Proceedings thereupon had are hereby declared null and void, and the said Court or Courts, or Justice or Justices, or Magistrate or Magistrates, wherein or before whom such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, or Prosecution, or Actions, Bills, Plaints, or Informations, or Prosecutions, shall be so commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, shall not permit or suffer anjr Proceeding or Proceedings to be had thereupon; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, brought, entered or filed in any Court, or before any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, for any pecuniary Penalty under the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be commenced within Three Months after the Forfeiture of such Penalty, and not afterwards; and it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, when he shall see Cause, to mitigate and lessen any such Penalty, the reasonable Costs and Charges of the

Officer,

Officers may open suspected Parcels, and seize Articles not labelled.

No Person to commence any Action, or proceed in a summary Way for any Penalty under recited Act, unless in Name of Attorney General, or some Person appointed by Commissioners of Stamps.

Limitation of Actions for Penalties, Three Months.

Penalties may be mitigated.

12 G

C. 73, 74.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Officer, Person or Informer, as well in making the Discovery as in prosecuting the same, being always allowed (if demanded) over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation does not reduce such Penalty to less than One Fourth Part thereof; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

[Duties repealed, 44 G. 3. c. 98. § 1.; see 52 3. c. 150. and

Schedule to that Act.]

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for further regulating the Administration of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Electors of Members to serve in Parliament, by an Act passed in the Second Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve Parliament.

[4 July 1803.]

42 G.3. c. 62.

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of

1 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made the Thirty fourth i Year of the Reign of His present intituled ‘ An Act

1 for directing the Appointment to administer certain Oaths and Declarations required by Law to be taken and imade by Persons offering to vote at the Election of Members to ‘ serve in Parliament, ’ to all Oaths novo required by to betaken i by Voters at Elections for Members to serve Parliament, it was, 4 among other things, enacted, that when a Poll should be ‘ demanded at any Election of a Member or Members to serve in

Parliament for any County, City, Borough or other Place in

‘ England or Wales, or for the Town of Tweed,

‘ the Returning Officer or Officers at every such Election, after

such Poll should be demanded, should, at the Instance and Re-

quest in Writing of any Candidate or Candidates at such Elec- tion, under his or their Hand or Hands, immediately after such ‘ Request, and before he or they should proceed further in taking

the Poll, retain, nominate and appoint two or more Persons (as ‘ the Case might require) , severally and at different Places sepa-

rate and apart from the Place where the Poll should be taken, to ‘ administer all the Oaths, and take the Declarations and Affirma-

tions then required by Law to be taken and made by Voters at

Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And Whereas it is ‘ expedient that the Oath or Affirmation required by an Act

2G.2. c. 24. c passed in the Second Year of His late Majesty King George ‘ the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing

Bribery and Corruption the Election of Members to serve

1 Parliament, to be taken or made by every Freeholder, Citizen, c Freeman, Burgess or Person having or claiming to have a Right

to vote or be polled at any Election of any Member or Members ‘ to serve for the Commons in Parliament, should be taken or

made by such Freeholder, Citizen, Freeman, Burgess or Person 1 at the Poll, immediately before he is admitted to poll at such

‘ Election

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

127

C. 74, 75.

‘ Election Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after 42 G.3. c. 62. the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act passed in Brfbe^Oath the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, as respects the said under^G.^1 Oath or Affirmation required by the said Act passed in the Second c. 24. repealed; Year of King George the Second, shall be and is hereby repealed; Oath taken as and that, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Oath or by 2G.2. c. 24. Affirmation shall be taken or made by every such Freeholder,

Citizen, Freeman, Burgess or Person at the Poll, and immediately before he is admitted to poll at such Election, in manner prescribed by the said Act passed in the Second Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, in case the same shall be demanded by either of the Candidates, or any Two of the Electors.

CAP. LXXV.

An Act to authorize the Sale or Mortgage of the Estates of Persons found Lunatick by Inquisition, in Engla?id or Ireland respectively; and the granting of Leases of the same.

[4th 1803.]

WHEREAS great Injury frequently happens to Persons

found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, and incapable of < managing their Affairs, by Inquisitions taken in England and

iIreland respectively, and the Creditors of such Persons are de-1 layed in obtaining Payment of their Demands, for want of sufficient ‘ Power to apply the Property of such Persons in Discharge of i their Debts and Engagements: And Whereas the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons so

found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, have been usually entrusted, c by virtue of the King’s Sign Manual, to the Lord Chancellor,

‘ Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the ‘ Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively,

‘ and it would be beneficial to such Persons and their Creditors if

Power were given to dispose of their Property, for Payment of ‘ their Debts, and Performance of their Engagements, under the ‘ Controul of such Chancellor, Keeper and Commissioners in c England and Ireland respectively Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, being entrusted, by virtue of the King’s Sign Manual, with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, and incapable of managing their Affairs, by Inquisition taken in England and Ireland respectively, to order the Freehold and Leasehold Estates of such Persons respectively to be sold, or charged and incumbered by way of Mortgage or otherwise, as shall be deemed most expedient, for the Purpose of raising such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary

In what case Lord Chancellor may order Freehold and Leasehold Estates of Lunaticks to be sold, or charged by Mortgage, for Payment of Debts, &c.

128

C. 75.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Application of Surplus.

Power of leasing Lands, &c. of Lunaticks having only a limited Estate therein may be executed by Committee of Estate, under Direction of Chancellor.

Where Lunaticks are seised of Freehold or Copyhold Estates in Fee or in Tail, and an absolute Interest in Leasehold Estates,

cessary for Payment of the Debts, and for performing the Contracts or Engagements of any such Persons respectively, and the Costs and Charges attending the same, and attending such Sale, Mortgage or Incumbrance respectively; and to direct the Committee or Committees of the Estate of such Persons respectively to execute, in the Name and on Behalf of such Persons respectively Conveyances of the Estates so to be sold, mortgaged or incumbered, and to procure such Admittance to and make such Surrenders of the Copyhold Estates of such Persons found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, and to do all such Acts as shall be necessary to effectuate the same, in such manner as such Chancellor, Keeper or Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively shall direct; which Conveyances so to be made in pursuance of any such Order as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in Law as if the same had been executed by every such Person so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind respectively, when in his or her sound Mind.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus of Money to be raised by any such Sale as aforesaid, after answering the Purposes aforesaid, the same shall be applied and disposed of in the same manner as the Estate sold would have been applied if this Act had not been made.

III. And Whereas many Persons so found lunatick, or of unsound Mind, may be seised and possessed of Freehold and Copy- hold Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, either for the Term of their natural Lives, or for some other Estate, with Power of granting Leases and taking Fines, reserving small Rents on such Leases for One, Two or Three Lives, in Possession or Reversion, 4 or for some Number of Years determinable upon Lives, or for Terms of Years absolutely Be it enacted, That in every such Case all and every Power of leasing such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which is or shall be vested in such Person so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, having a limited Estate only, shall and may be executed by the Committee or Committees of the Estate of such Person, under the Direction and Order of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, being duly entrusted, by virtue of the King's Sign Manual, with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of such Persons; and such Lease or Leases so to be executed by the said Committee and Committees, under and by virtue of such Order, shall be as good and effectual in Law as if the same were executed by the said Person so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, in his or her sound Mind.

to Estates held by Antient Demesne or Copy of Court Roll, 59 3.

[c. 80.]

XV. And Whereas Persons so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind may be seised or possessed of, and entitled to, Freehold or Copyhold Estates in Fee or in Tail, and an absolute Interest in Leasehold Estates, and it may be for the Benefit of such Persons that Leases or Under Leases should be made of such Estates, 4 for Terms of Years, and especially to encourage the Erection of Buildings thereon, or repairing Buildings actually being thereon, 4 or otherwise improving the same Be it enacted, That it shall

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 75, 76.

129

and may be lawful for the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intrusted by virtue of the King’s Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of such Persons respectively, to order and direct a Committee or Committees of the Estate of such Lunatick, to make such Leases of the Freehold, Copyhold or Leasehold Estates of such Persons respectively, according to his or her Interest, therein respectively, and to the Nature of the Tenures of such Estates respectively, for such Term or Terms of Years, and subject to such Rents and Covenants, as the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intrusted as aforesaid, shall direct; and that all and every such Lease or Leases made by such Committee or Committees, under and by virtue of the said Order, as such Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners respectively shall make thereupon, shall be as good and valid in the Law as if the same had been executed by the Persons so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind respectively, in his or her sound Mind.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Act to be done by such Committee or Committees of the Estate of such Lunatick, under and by virtue of this Act, and the Order of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respectively, intrusted as aforesaid, shall be as valid and binding against the said Persons so found Lunatick and of unsound Mind respectively, and all Persons claiming by, through or under him or her respectively, as if the Persons so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind respectively, had been in his or her sound Mind, and had personally done such Act or Acts respectively.

VI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Part of the Freehold, Copyhold, or Leasehold Estates of any Person found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, to the Debts or Demands of his Creditors, otherwise than as the same are now subject or liable, by due Course of Law; but only to authorize the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of the United Kingdom and of Ireland respective ^, being intrusted by virtue of the King’s Sign Manual with the Care and Commitment of the Custody of the Persons and Estates of Persons so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, to make Order in such Cases as are hereinbefore mentioned, when the same shall be deemed for the Benefit and Advantage of such Person so found Lunatick or of unsound Mind, and incapable of managing his or her Affairs.

[See 59 G.3. c. SO. § 2.]

Chancellor may direct the Committee of Estate to make Leases thereof.

Acts of Committees under this Act shall be binding.

Act shall not subject Estates of Lunaticks to Debts otherwise than they are now subject by Law, but shall be applied only for the Benefit of Lunaticks,

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for transferring to the Royal Navy such Seamen as

[4th July 1803.]

are now serving in the Militia of Ireland.

43 Geo. III.

EXP.

130

C. 77, 78, 79.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

tEXP.

EXP. 42 G.3. c. 35.

-43 G.3. c. 14.

11 G.2. c. 9.

§2. (I.) for 'Punishment of Persons wilfully casting away Ships, &c. re-.pealed.

9 Ann. c

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to indemnify Persons who have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices or Employments in, according to Law.

[4th July 1803.]

CAP. LXXVIII.

An Act for continuing until the first Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating, until the Fifteenth Day of February

One thousand eight hundred and, the Prices at which Grain, Meal and Flour may be eocyorted from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and also an Act made in the present Session of Parliament, for continuing the said Act, and for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn from Great Britain to, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from.

[4th July 1803.]

[See 44 G.3. c. 65.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act for making more effectual Provision within Ireland for the Punishment of Offences, in wilfully casting away, sinking, burning or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies.

[4th July 1803.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for ing and making perpetual an, intituled ‘An Act for the

(preserving all such Ships and Goods thereof which shall happen 6 to be forced on Shore or stranded upon the Coasts of this -

dom; and also for inficting the Punishment of Death on such as ‘ shall wilfully burn, sink or destroy such Ships? it is amongst ‘ other Things enacted, that if any Owner of, or Captain, Master

or Mariner, or other Officer belonging to any Ship, shall, after

the Twenty fifth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and thirty eight, wilfully cast

‘ away, sink, burn or otherwise destroy the Ship of which he is

Owner, or unto which he belongeth, or in manner otherwise - direct or procure the same to be done, to the Prejudice of any

Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, that shall underwrite or execute any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or ‘ of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, i and shall be lawfully convicted thereof; such Person or Persons so offending shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall suffer

Death without the Benefit of Clergy, or of the Statute made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne,

intituled An Act for taking away the Benefit of Clergy in certain

i Cases, and for taking away the Book in all, and for -

t pealing Part of the Statute for transporting Felons: And Whereas

r ‘ the

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 79.

131

Persons wilfully casting away, &c. any Ship, &c. or procuring it to be

Clergy.

Where Offences tried;

the above Provisions in the /said in part recited Act, have been found inadequate and ineffectual for the Prevention and Punishment of the Offences therein mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provisions of the said herein in part recited Act shall be, and the same are hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, wilfully cast away, sink, burn or otherwise destroy any Ship or Vessel, or in any wise counsel, direct or procure the same to be done, and the same be accordingly done, doneradjudged with Intent and Design thereby wilfully and maliciously to preju- Felons without dice any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any Owner Benefit of or Owners of any Goods laden on board the same, or any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, that hath or have underwritten, or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel, or on the Freight thereof, or upon any Goods laden on board the same, the Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a principal Felon or Felons, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any such Ship or Vessel shall, from and after the said first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, be -wilfully cast away, sunk, burnt or otherwise destroyed, within the Body of any County in Ireland; that then the said several Offences, as well in wilfully casting away, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying such Ship or Vessel, as in counselling, directing or procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively enquired of, tried, deter- in County, if mined and adjudged in the same Courts, and in such Manner and committed Form, as Felonies done within the Body of any County, by the there;

Laws in force in Ireland, now are to be enquired of, tried, determined and adjudged; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be if on the High wilfully sunk, cast away, burnt or otherwise destroyed on the Seas, as Felons High Seas, then that the said several Offences, as well in wilfully ur»dern, 12, casting away, sinking, burning or otherwise destroying any such 93^94 (5 3 Ship or Vessel, as in counselling, directing and procuring the same " to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively enquired of, tried, determined and adjudged, within Ireland, before such Court, in such Manner and Form as in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King James the First, intituled An Act of Pirates and Robbers on the Sea, and in and by another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His present. Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the High Court of Admiralty this, is

appointed and directed for the enquiring, trying, determining and adjudging within Ireland, of Felonies upon the High Seas.

Act not to affect Proceedings against Offences already com-!< menced. § 4.

V. And Whereas it is convenient that Accessaries to Felonies K 2 4 committed

C. 14. (I.)

132

C. 79.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Where Accessaries to Felonies to be tried if principal Offence committed on the High Seas, Accessaries be tried in Manner prescribed by 11, 12, 13 Jac. 1. (I.) and SS&24 G.3.

c. 14. (I.)

persons once tried not to be again indicted for the same Offence.

‘ committed within the Body of any County within, should

be by Law liable to be tried as well in the County wherein the ‘ principal Felony was committed, as in the County in which they £ so became Accessaries; and also, that Accessaries to Felonies committed upon the High Seas, should be by Law liable to be tried by such Court, and in such manner as by the said in part recited Acts of the Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King James the First, and Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, is directed in respect to Felonies done upon the High Seas; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said first Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, in all Cases whatsoever in which any Person or Persons shall hereafter procure, direct, counsel or command any other Person or Persons to commit, or shall abet any other Person or Persons in committing any Felony whatsoever, or shall in any wise whatsoever become an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to any Felony whatsoever, whether such principal Felony be committed within the Body of any County within Ireland, or upon the High Seas, and whether such procuring, directing, counselling, commanding and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact shall have been committed or done, within the Body of any County within Ireland, or upon the High Seas, that then and in all such Cases, the Offence of the Person or Persons so procuring, directing, counselling, commanding or abetting such Felony, or so in any wise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to such Felony, shall and may be enquired of, tried, determined and adjudged, in case such principal Felony shall have been committed within the Body of any County within by the Course of

the Common Law of Ireland, either within such County wherein the said principal Felony shall have been committed, or within the County wherein the said Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact shall have been committed or done; and in case the said principal Felony shall have been committed upon the High Seas, then the said Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding or abetting such Felony, or of so becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to the same, shall and may be enquired of within, in and by such Court,

and in such Manner and Form, as in and by the said in part recited Acts of the Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of King James the First, and the Twenty third and Twenty fourth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, is appointed and directed for the trying, determining and adjudging of Felonies done upon the High Seas: Provided always, that no Person or Persons who shall hereafter be once tried and acquitted, or convicted, of any such Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding or abetting any Felony, or of otherwise becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to such Felony, whether the Trial of such Person or Persons shall have been had according to the Course of the Common Law of Ireland, as in the Case of a Felony committed within the Body of any County in Ireland, or according to the Provisions contained in the said last mentioned Acts, as in the Case of a Felony committed on the High Seas, shall be

liable

43° GEO. III.

133

A.D. 1803.

C. 79, 80, 81

liable to be again indicted, prosecuted, or tried for the same Offence in any Court or Jurisdiction whatsoever.

[See Cap. 113. post, as to .]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a Proportion of the Expence of making and keeping in Repair Roads and Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

[4th 1803.]

[See 46 G. 3. c. cxxxviii. — 45 G. 3. c. xl. — 44 G. 3. c. lxxv.

— 54 G. 3. c. 104. — 57 G. 3. c. 132. — 59 G. 3. c. 135. —

1 G. 4. c. lxxxiv.]

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great.

[5th July 1803.]

‘Most Gracious Sovereign,

4 \XTE> Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

‘ Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies

to defray the Expences of the just and necessary War in which < Your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to i give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Rates ‘ and Duties of Excise herein respectively mentioned; ’ and do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares, Merchandize and Commodities mentioned and described in the Schedule marked A. hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional allowed, from Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and July 5, 1803, set forth in the said Schedule, over and above all Duties that have where no Date been paid or that shall have been or may be granted, laid or im- 1S , nserted* posed by any Act or Acts of the present Session of Parliament for consolidating and simplifying the Duties of Excise; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of Goods,

Wares, Merchandize and Commodities, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the same, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule marked B. hereunto annexed; and the same shall commence and take Effect from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedules or this act respectively, in Cases where special Dates are inserted, and in Cases where no Date is inserted, from the Fifth Day of Julij One thousand eight hundred and three.

K 3 " Duties

Additional Duties in Schedule A. paid, and Drawbacks in Schedule B.

134

C. 81.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Duties and Drawbacks proportionate to actual Quantity.

How additional Duties on Foreign Wine in Stock shall be estimated and how paid.

Proviso for certain Foreign Wine in Stock, and for Stock found on Survey not to exceed 252 Gallons.

Prize Wine sold for Home Consumption subject to additional Duties.

" Duties shall be under the Management of the respective Commissioners of Excise. § 2. Duties and Drawbacks under this " Act, shall be levied, &c. as former Duties, &c. § 3. Duties " shall be payable on all Wort or Wash for making Spirits for " Home Consumption, not distilled before 5, and on Foreign " Brandy, &c. for which the former Duties shall not have been " paid before June 15, 1803. — § 4.

V. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Duties are imposed, or Drawbacks allowed by this Act, on any specific Quantity of Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Commodities, the same shall, in every Case, be understood and deemed and taken to apply in the same Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greater or less Quantity than such specific Quantity.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in estimating the additional

Duties hereby imposed on Foreign Wine, as being found upon the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the Twelfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, in the Stock,

Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine in Bottles, Five reputed Quart Bottles shall be reckoned to the Gallon, and Two hundred and fifty two of such Gallons to the Tun; and the said additional Duties payable on Foreign Wine, as being in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of foreign Wine as aforesaid, shall be paid by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, in manner following; (that is to say,) One Fourth Part thereof on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, One other Fourth Part thereof on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, One other Fourth Part thereof on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, and the remaining Fourth Part thereof on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

[See Schedule A. Wine.]

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with any Duty by virtue of this Act, any Foreign Wine, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, for which the additional Duty by this Act imposed shall have been paid on Importation thereof; nor any Foreign Wine, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, unless such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have in his, her or their Stock, Custody or Possession, on such actual Survey as aforesaid, after the said Twelfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, a Quantity or Quantities of such Foreign Wine

, exceeding Two hundred and fifty two Gallons, reckoning Five reputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon, for all such Wine as shall be in Bottles.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Wine taken and condemned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall be or shall have been secured for Consumption in this Kingdom, shall be subject and liable to the additional Duties respectively by this Act imposed for or in respect of Wine imported; and such additional Duties shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such manner, as the Duties on such Wines are now payable.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 8K

IX. And be it further enacted, That for any Sort of Wines shipped under the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions prescribed by Law for the Use of Admirals, Captains or other commissioned Officers, employed in His Majesty's Service for their actual Consumption on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall respectively serve in, a Drawback shall be allowed and paid of the whole Duties by this Act imposed.

" Maltsters, Brewers, &c. shall give an Account to the Officer of " Excise of Malt in their Possession on 5, 1803, on Penalty " of 100/. &c.; and the Duties on such Malt shall be paid by " certain Instalments (the last on March 3, 1804) , on Penalty of " Double the Amount. § 10. Officers of Excise may enter Premises " of Maltsters, &c. to take an Account of Malt in Stock, on July " 5, 1803. Penalty of 100/. for not suffering Officers to take " Stock, for molesting them in the Execution of their Duty, or " for clandestinely removing Malt, &c. Malt removed or concealed may be seized. Penalty for Defect of Notice, 40 per " Bushel. § 1L [See42 G. 3. c. 38. § 26, 27-] Beer or Ale

" above 18.?. per Barrel, exclusive of Duty, shall be deemed " Strong, and at 18s. or under, Table Beer, during Continuance " of this Act. §12.

[Made to cease by 56 G. 3. c. 43. § 19.] The u Duties on Tea exported to Ireland shall be paid to the East India Company, and by them to the Excise Office, to be paid " to the Exchequer to the Credit of Ireland. § 13.

c. 129. § 1. post.']

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such and the like Bonds shall be taken for the due Exportation of such Tea, and the like Certificates for the due landing thereof as are now by Law required.

i XV. And Whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been

made for the Sale or Delivery of certain Articles or Commodities

on which additional Duties of Customs or Excise are or may be ‘ granted by this Act, or by any other Act of the present Session i of Parliament, which Contracts or Agreements have no Refer-

ence to such additional Duties, and thereby the several Contractors may be materially affected; ’ For Remedy thereof be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall or may have made or entered into any such Contracts or Agreements shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, in the case of any such Contracts or Agreements, to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the said additional Duties respectively to the Price of such Articles or Commodities, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose or impede any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or any or either of them, except in such Cases for which other Penalties are by this Act provided, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act shall be sued for, recovered, le-

Iv 4 vied

135

Drawback on Wine shipped for Naval Officers.

The present Bonds for Exportation of Tea shall be taken, &c.

The Amount of the additional Duties may be added to Articles contracted for.

Obstructing Officers, in Cases not other--wise provided for.

Penalty 200/.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

136

C. 81.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

vied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

Duties paid

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising

into Exchequer, by the said Duties, (the necessary Charges of raising and account-and kept sepa- ing for the same excepted,) shall from time to time be paid into as voted byP ied the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly and apart from House of Com- all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall mons, for Ser- be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said vice of 1803, or Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies Y«urs?Uent arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Re-ears‘ ceipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other

Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall, from time to time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Britain and Ireland, in this present Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered, to issue and apply the same accordingly.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 19. Continuance of Act (as in Title). § 20.

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers. SCHEDULE (A.)

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties that shall have been charged or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not have been paid, before the 13th Day of June 1803, or which on the 12th Day of June 1803, shall be remaining in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault or Cellar, under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise - - -1800

For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) imported into Great, for which all

the Duties that shall have been charged or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not be paid before the 13th Day of June 1803, or which on the 12th Day of June 1803 shall be remaining in any Warehouse,

Storehouse, Vault or Cellar, under the Locks of the

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.)

C. 81.

137

Wine — continued.

Officers of the Customs or Excise, or in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been or shall be lodged or deposited under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without

" Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions,

" for a limited Time." - 12 0 0

[. Duties of Excise made perpetual as therein,

45 G.3. cA<5.]

For every Tun of French Wine which shall have been found on the First actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 12th Day of June 1803, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine 18 0 0

For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) which shall have been found on the First actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 12th Day of June 1803, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller' or Sellers of Foreign Wine - 12 0 0

SWEETS.

For every Barrel of Liquor which, from and after the 5th Day of July 1803, shall be made in Great Britain for Sale, by Infusion, Fermentation or otherwise, from Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with any other Ingredients or Materials whatsoever, commonly called Sweets, or called or distinguished by the Name of Made Wines -070

[. Additional Duties on Sweets continued 5th Jidy 1822,

1 & 2G.4. c. 3. §11. See 3 G. 4. c. 6.

SPIRITS.

For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain - - 0

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae above Proof, of the Produce of the British Colonies or Plantations in America, imported into Great Britain 0 For every Gallon of Single Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - 0

For every Gallon of Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae above Proof, imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies - 0

For every Gallon of Single Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters of any Sort or Kind, other than such Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits, imported directly from Ireland - 0

3 51 6 8

3 9 7 3

4 21

138

C. 81 — S4.

A.D. 1803.

[See c. 82. as to England.]

21 H.8. c. 13.

43° GEO. III.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Spirits — continued,

For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits, Aqua Vitae or Strong Waters above Proof, other than such Brandy,

Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae as aforesaid, imported into Great Britain, not being Irish Spirits, imported directly from Ireland - - -08

[Additional Duty on Spirits imported continued till 5th 1822, 1 & 2 G.4.C. 3. § 11. See 3 G. 4. c. 6.]

(IRISH) BEER, ALE OR MUM.

[Repealed, 56 G. 3. c. 108. § 2.]

[Certain of the Duties in this Schedule continued by 51 G. 3. 61.

§ 1. 54 G. 3. c. 73. and last by 55 G, 3. c. 27. 5th July 1816, but no further continuation of such Duties except as above stated

appears.]

SCHEDULE (B.)

DRAWBACKS.

\_Made to cease, 56 G. 3. c, 108. § 1.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble, in England, an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[6th July 1803.] [Repealed as therein mentio, 46 G. 3. c. 51.]

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble an additional Military Force in, for the

better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous prosecution of the War.

[6th July 1803.]

[Continued 44 G. 3. c. 105. Repealed as therein,

46 G.3. 51.]

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England.

[7th 1803.]

WHEREAS many of the Provisions of an Act, made in the

Twenty first Year of the Reign of His Majesty King

« Henry the Eighth, intituled (a) Spiritual Persons abridgedfrom

having Pluralities of Livings, and from talcing of, , fyc. c.

and other the Laws now in Force relating to Spiritual Persons

‘ residing on their Benefices, have been found inconvenient; and

(«) [See c. 109. of this, §3.]

‘ it

A.D. 1803. 43° Geo. III.

C. 84.

139

it is expedient that certain of the Provisions of the said Act i should be repealed, and that other Provisions should be made

in lieu thereof, and that the said Act and Laws aforesaid should

be amended, and more effectual Provisions made for enforcing i the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices, and pro-i tecting Spiritual Persons from vexatious Prosecutions May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, Spiritual Per-every Spiritual Person who shall before the passing of this Act, sons against have incurred any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties, or any For- whom no Ac-feiture or Forfeitures under the said recited Act, for or in respect u^derTecfted of Nonresidence or farming of Lands, and against whom no Ac- Act in<jemni_ tion, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall have been brought in fied, and Con-respect thereof under the said Act, shall be, and is hereby indem- tracts herein nified, freed and discharged from the same, any Thing in the said mentioned va-recited Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all Con-

tracts, Agreements and Leases, made by Words or otherwise, be- Act ng reci e

fore the passing of this Act, by any Spiritual Person, either by

himself or any other to or for his Use, which if made after this

Act would, according to the Provisions thereof, be good and valid,

shall, notwithstanding the said recited Act, or any Act, or Law or

Laws to the contrary, be and be deemed to be as good and valid

in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been

made after the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That immediately from and after Persons sued the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Per- under recited sons against whom any original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Act, may apply Information, shall have been sued out, commenced or prosecuted, *lie Court, if before the passing of this Act, for any pecuniary Penalty or Pe- j* ^"1* nalties, or any Forfeiture or Forfeitures incurred or alleged to be sitting’ to stay under the said recited Act, to apply to the Court in which such Proceedings original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall have uP<>n certain been sued out, commenced or prosecuted, if such Court shall be Conditions, sitting, or to any Judge of any such Court when not sitting, for an Order that such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be discontinued, upon Payment of the Sum of Ten Pounds in every Case where a Verdict shall be obtained, together with the Costs:and where no Verdict shall have been obtained upon Payment of the Costs incurred up to the Time of such Application being made, all such Costs to be taxed as between Attorney and Client, according to the Practice of such Court, and every such Court or Judge is hereby authorized and required, upon such Application, to make such Order as aforesaid; and upon the making such Order, and Payment of such Costs as aforesaid, such Writ,

Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be forthwith discontinued: and in every Case, until such Application shall T.« be made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Plaintiff or cation^Actions* Plaintiffs, in any such original Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint may pi-oceedDS or Information, to proceed therein as if this Act, or an Act, notwithstanding passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Ma- th*s Act, or jesly, intituled An Act to slat/, until the Twenty Day c\oo3&cU'K'

of C '

uo

C.S4.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Court or Judge may order any Suit commenced, on or subsequent to July 1, 1801, to be discontinued.

Spiritual Persons may take Houses, &c. though not in a City, &c. and such as have not sufficient Glebe, may by Consent of the Bishop, take Farms.

May hold Estates as Property, but not any Farm for Cultivation, unless under a Lease granted on or before January 1, 1803, or by Consent of the Bishop.

of March One thousand eight, hundred and txvo Proceedings Actions under the Statute of King Henry the, for

i ing Spiritual Persons from having Pluralities of, and

‘ from taking of Perms] had not been passed; any Thing in this Act, or the said last recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts continuing the same, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That in all Cases in which any such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall have been sued out or commenced at any Time on or subsequent to the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, it shall be competent to such Court or Judge as aforesaid, to make such Order as aforesaid for discontinuing the same, without Payment of any Costs; and upon making such Order, such Writ, Suit, Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be forthwith discontinued.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person to take to farm to himself, or to any Person or Persons to his Use, by Lease, Grant, Words or otherwise, for Term of Life, for Term of Years, or at Will, any Messuage, Mansion or Dwelling House, with or without Orchards, Gardens and other Appurtenances, although not in any City, Borough or Town, any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and it shall also be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any (a) Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, not having any sufficient or convenient Glebe or Demesne Lands annexed to, or in Right of, or by reason of his Benefice or Cure or Chapelry, or for any Stipendiary Curate or any unbeneficed Spiritual Person, with the Consent or Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified in Writing, to take to ferm to himself, or to any Person or Persons to his Use for a limited Term of Years, any Farm or Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, that may, under all the Circumstances, appear to such Bishop proper to be taken, held or occupied by any such Spiritual Person, for the Convenience and Accommodation of his Household and Hospitality only, without being subject or liable to any Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, under the said first recited Act or any other Act by reason thereof, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Nonresidence of any such Spiritual Person as aforesaid.

(a) \_Benefce, see 43 G. 3. c. 109. § 1.]

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person or Persons, by himself or themselves, or any other to his or their Use, to have, hold, use or occupy in Ferm any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, demised, leased or granted to such Spiritual Person or Persons, as the Property or Estate of such Spiritual Person or Persons; or to take, purchase, receive or hold, as the Property and Estate of such Spiritual Person, any Lease or Leases for Life or Lives, or for Term or Terms of Years, absolute or determinable on any Life or Lives, or to take any annual Rent, or other annual Advantage or Profit by occasion of any Lease or Ferm of any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the Property or

Estate

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84.

141

Estate of any such Spiritual Person or Persons belonging to him or them, either in his or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or in right or by reason of his or their having or holding any Spiritual Dignity or Benefice, or so taken, purchased, received or held as aforesaid, as the Property or Estate of such Spiritual Person, without being subject to any Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures whatever, under the said first recited Act, or any other Act, any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any Spiritual Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, or serving a Stipendiary Curacy, to take, receive or hold any such Manors, Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, after the passing of this Act, for the Purpose of occupying or to occupy the same, for the Cultivation thereof, or procuring Profit therefrom, by himself or any Bailiff or Bailiffs, or Servant or Servants for his Use, unless the same shall have been taken, received or holden under a Lease granted to such Person on or before the first Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, or unless by the Consent or Approbation of the Bishop as aforesaid, signified in Writing.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing May buy or sell of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person, by himself, Cattle or Corn or by any other for him or to his Use, to bargain, and buy or sell for the *?ccu-again for any Lucre, Gain or Profit, any Manner of Cattle or Corn pation o

that may be necessary, proper or convenient to be bought, sold, kept or maintained by such Spiritual Person, or any other Person for him or to his Use, for the occupation, manuring, improving.

Pasturage or Profit of any Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, that may under and by virtue of any Law or Laws now in Force, or under any of the Provisions of this Act be lawfully held and occupied, possessed or enjoyed, by such Spiritual Person, or any other for him or to his Use, without being subject to any Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, by reason thereof, under the said first recited Act, or any other Act, or any Thing therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding:Provided always, Proviso, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize any such Spiritual Person to buy or sell any Cattle as aforesaid, or Corn, in Person, in any Market, Fair or Place of public Sale.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Vicars or Cu-

of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or ratos may take

holding any Vicarage or Perpetual Curacy, or for the Stipendiary *jeases oflIie

Curate thereof respectively, to occupy by himself or by any other aipropnato . T t» r r-i t r t-.*7 J -r-. Parsonages of

to his Use in Ferm, of the Lease or Grant of any Person or Per- their Parishes *

sons, the Impropriate Parsonage, Rectory or Vicarage respectively,

of the Parish of which such Spiritual Person shall be the Vicar or

Perpetual Curate, or Stipendiary Curate, or any Part or Parts

thereof respectively, or to take any Profit or Rent out of any such

Farm, without being subject to any Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures,

by Means thereof, under the said first recited Act; any Thing

therein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That in such Cases in which such but where not Impropriate Parsonage, Rectory or Vicarage, or such Part or Parts occupied by a

thereof Spiritual Person

142

C. 84. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

before passing this Act, the Licence of Bishop necessary.

Proviso for Clergymen licensed, or exempted from Residence.

13 Eliz. c. 20. and its continuing Statutes and also 3 Car. 1. c. 4.

§ 2. 4. repealed.

This Act shall not deprive Spiritual Persons of any Privileges.

Penalty for Nonresidence under recited Act 21 H.8. c. 13. repealed, and other Penalties imposed.

25 H.8. c. 16.

28H.8.C. 13.

33 H. 8. c. 28.

thereof as shall be so occupied as aforesaid, shall not at any Time before the passing of this Act, have been so occupied by the same, or any other such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, such Person shall remain liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, unless he shall have obtained the Licence of the Bishop for so occupying the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That any Clergyman, possessed of any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who shall be licensed or otherwise exempted from Residence under this or any other Act, may take to ferm and occupy in the Parish where he resides, or any adjoining Parish, such Lands for the Convenience and Accommodation of his Household and Hospitality only, as the Bishop of the Diocese in which he resides may allow by any Writing under his Hand.

X. And be it further enacted, That an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen, intituled An Act

touching Leases of Ben fees, and other Ecclesiastical Livings with

Cure, together with all and every Explanations, Additions and Alterations thereof, made by several Statutes in the Fourteenth, Eighteenth and Forty third Years of Her said Majesty's Reign, and also so much of an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, intituled An Act for Continuance and Repeal of divers Statutes, whereby the same were made perpetual, be from henceforth repealed.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive any Spiritual Person of any Privilege, Indemnity or Permission, as to the taking, having or holding any Ferms or Lands to which any such Spiritual Person was or would be entitled unto, under any of the Provisions of the said recited Act of His said late Majesty King Henry the Eighth, or any otherwise howsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said first recited Act as imposes the Penalty of Ten Pounds, in the said Act mentioned, on any Spiritual Person therein described, who shall not keep Residence on one of his Dignities, Prebends or Benefices, but absent himself wilfully by the Space of One Month together, or by the Space of Two Months, to be accounted at several Times in any One Year, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, every Spiritual Person, being possessed of any Archdeaconry, Deanery or other Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative or Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, who shall, without sufficient Cause, as in the said first recited Act, or under an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act that every Judge of the High-Courts may have One Chaplain benefeed with Cure, or under another Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled The Bill for Nonresidence of Spiritual Men and their Benefices, or under another Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and others to have Chaplains, is specified, or such other sufficient Cause as would exempt such Spiritual Person from any of the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures under the said recited Acts for any Nonresidence,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84.

143

residence, and who shall not have any such Licence or Exemption as is in this Act mentioned for that Purpose, wilfully absent himself therefrom for the Space of Three Months together, or to be accounted at several Times in any One Year, and make his Residence and Abiding at any other Place or Places, except at some other Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy, or Parochial Chapelry, of which he may be possessed, shall, when such Absence shall exceed such Period as aforesaid, and not exceed Six Months, forfeit and pay One third of the annual Value (deducting therefrom all Outgoings, except any Stipend paid to any Curate) of the Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, from which he shall so absent himself as aforesaid; and when such Absence shall exceed Six Months, and not exceed Eight Months, One half of such annual Value; and when such Absence shall exceed Eight Months, Two thirds of such annual Value; and when such Absence shall have been for the whole of the Year, Three fourths of such annual Value; to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at, or

the Courts of Great Sessions in, wherein no Essoign, Pri-

vilege, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Whole of Every such Penalty or Forfeiture shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, together with such Costs of Suit as shall be allowed, according to the Practice of the Court in which such Action shall be brought; provided, that no Parsonage that hath a Vicar endowed, or Perpetual Curate, and having no Cure of Souls, shall be taken to be or be comprehended under the Name of Benefice, within the true Intent and Meaning, or for the Purposes of this Act.

[See Section

XIII. And be it enacted, That the Court in which any such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be depending, may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, require by Rule or Order of the said Court, or any Judge thereof, the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese, within the Limits of which the Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be locally situate, or to whom the same shall be subject, according to the Provisions of this Act, for or by reason of Nonresidence in, at or upon which the Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sought to be recovered by such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, to certify in Writing under his Hand to the said Court; and also to the Party for that Purpose named in the said Rule or Order, the reputed annual Value of such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry; and upon such Rule or Order being left with such Archbishop or Bishop, or the Register of such Archbishop or Bishop, such Archbishop or Bishop shall accordingly so certify such reputed annual Value, and such Certificate shall, in all subsequent Proceedings upon such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, be received and taken as Evidence of the annual Value of such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, respectively, for the Purposes of this Act, without Prejudice nevertheless to the Admissibility or Effect of any such other Evidence as may be offered or given respecting the actual Value thereof.

No Parsonage that hath a Vicar endowed, &c. and no Cure of Souls deemed a Benefice.

The Court in which any Action shall be depending, may require the Diocesan to certify the reputed annual Value of Benefices, &c.

144

C. 84.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Proviso for Persons having resided a Year without Absence for more than Three Months.

Certain Persons herein described exempted from Penalties for Nonresidence.

XIV. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That no Spiritual Person being possessed of any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, who shall have made his Residence and abided at his said Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry for the Space of One whole Year, without wilful Absence therefrom, for any longer Time than Three Months together, or in the whole at several Times, shall be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures in this Act or the said recited Act contained, for any previous Nonresidence, unless the Action for the Recovery of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall have been actually commenced against such Person, previous to his having completed such Residence for One Year, in the Manner herein specified.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person having

or holding any Office, in such Manner as the same under any of the Provisions of the said first recited Act, or of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, in-tuled An Act that every Judge of the High Courts may have One Chaplain beneficed with Cure; or of another Act passed in the Twenty

eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled The Bill for Nonresidence of Spiritual Men and their Benefices; or of another Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act for the Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster and others to have Chaplains; would exempt such Spiritual Persons from Residence, or from the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Acts contained for Nonresidence, or actually serving as a Chaplain of the House of Commons, or as Clerk of His Majesty's Closet, or as a Deputy Clerk thereof, during the Time of their respective Attendance, or as a Chaplain General of His Majesty's Forces, or Brigade Chaplain on Foreign Service, or Chaplain on board any of His Majesty's Ships, or of His Majesty's Dock Yards, or in any of His Majesty's Garrisons, or Chaplain of His Majesty's Corps of Artillery, during the Times of attending the Duties of such Offices respectively, or as Chaplain to any British Factory, or in the Household of any British Ambassador or public Minister residing Abroad during the Time of his actually residing in such Factory or Household, and performing there at all due Times and Seasons the Duties of such his Office, or as Chancellor or Vicar General, or in his Absence, the Principal Surrogate or Official in any Ecclesiastical Court of any Diocese, whilst they are residing in the Places where their respective Offices are exercised, 'or as Minor Canon, or Vicar Choral, or Priest Vicar, or any such other public Officer in any Cathedral or Collegiate Church, during the Times for which they may be required by the Canons or local Statutes thereof to reside at such Cathedral or Collegiate Church, and actually reside and perform Duty at the same, or as Deans, Sub Deans, Priests or Readers in His Majesty's Royal Chapels at Saint James's and, or as

Reader in His Majesty's private Chapel at Windsor or elsewhere, or as Chaplain at the Royal Military Asylum at, or Royal

Military College at High Wycombe, or Teacher at the Royal Military Academy at Woolwich, or Chaplains at the Royal Hospitals at Greenwich and Chelsea, or as Chaplains to the Royal Hospitals, for Seamen at Haslar and Plymouth, whilst they shall respectively

reside

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84.

145

reside and perform the Duties of their respective Offices, or as a Preacher or Reader in any of the Inns of Court or at the Rolls, or as Bursar, Dean, Vice President or public Tutor or Chaplain, or other such public Officer, in any College or Hall in either of the Universities of Oxford or Cambridge, during the Period for which he may respectively be required, by reason of any such Office, to perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall perform the Duties of the same, or as public Librarian or public Registrar, or Proctor, or public Orator, or other such public Officer in either of the said Universities, during the Period for which he may respectively be required by reason thereof to perform the Duties of any such Office, and actually shall perform the Duties of the same, or as Fellow of any College in either of the Universities, or of Eton or Winchester College, during the Time for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute, and actually resides therein, or as Warden or Provost of Eton or Winchester,

during the Time for which they may be respectively required to reside, or shall actually reside therein, or as Schoolmaster or Usher in the same, or as Schoolmaster or Usher of Westminster School, shall be liable to any of the Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures in the said first recited Act or this Act contained, for or on account of any Nonresidence on any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative or Perpetual Curacy; any Thing in the said Act or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons mentioned in an Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled The Bill for Nonresidence of Spiritual Men and their Benefices, and entitled under the Provisions of the said Act or any other Act, to the Privilege and Liberty of Nonresidence until after and above the Age of Forty Years, shall be entitled to enjoy the Privilege and Liberty of Nonresidence after or above the Age of Thirty Years, without Prejudice nevertheless to any of the Exceptions and Savings contained in the said Act; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Penalty or Costs incurred by any Spiritual Person by reason of any Nonresidence on his Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be levied by Execution against the Body 1 of such Person, whilst he shall hold the same or any other Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, out of the Profits of which the same can be levied by Sequestration, within the Term of Three Years; and in case the Body of any such Spiritual Person shall be taken in Execution for the same, the Court in which the same was recovered, or any Judge thereof may and shall, upon Application made for that Purpose, discharge the Party from such Execution, in case it shall be made to appear to the Satisfaction of such Court or Judge that such Penalty and Costs can be levied as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the several Bishops respectively, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, upon Application made for that Purpose by Petition ip Writing, by any Spiritual Person having or holding

43 Geo. III. L " any

What Persons only entitled to Privilege of Nonresidence.

No Penalty vied persona where it can ^recovered by Sequestration o the Benefice in Three Years.

Bishops in England may grant Licences for Nonresidence in certain Cases.

146

C. 84.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Cases in which any Bishops may grant Licences for Nonresidence

any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, locally situated within their respective Dioceses, upon such Proofs as to any Facts stated in any such Petition as any such Bishop may think necessary, if he shall require it, by Affidavit made before any Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery (which Oath any Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer) , to grant in such Cases as are hereinafter enumerated, where, on due Consideration of all the Circumstances stated in any such Application, and verified to the Satisfaction of the Bishop as aforesaid, such Bishop shall in his Discretion think it fit to grant the same, a Licence in Writing under his Hand, expressing the Cause of granting the same, for the Nonresidence of such Spiritual Person on his Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, for the Purpose of exempting such Person from any pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures; under and subject nevertheless to the Regulations, Provisions and Restrictions in this Act contained.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bishop to grant Licences to any Spiritual Persons having any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry within his Diocese, to reside out of the proper House of Residence or out of the Parish, and within such Distance therefrom as the Case may appear to such Bishop to require, if, upon the Consideration of all the Circumstances of any such Case, such Bishop shall in his Discretion think the same fit and proper, in the several Cases hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) , To any Spiritual Person who shall be prevented from residing in the proper House of Residence or in the Parish, by actual Illness or Infirmity of Body of himself, or Wife or Child, making Part of and residing with him as Part of his Family; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, whereupon or wherein there shall be no House of Residence, or where the House of Residence -shall be unfit for the Residence of such Ecclesiastical Person, such Unfitness not being occasioned by any Negligence, Default or other Misconduct of such Ecclesiastical Person, such Spiritual Person keeping Ssuch House of Residence in such Repair as shall be to the Satisfaction of the Bishop; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and having, or possessing or occupying in the Parish of the same respectively, any Mansion or Messuage belonging to himself or any Relative, to reside in such Mansion or Messuage, such Spiritual Person keeping the House of Residence, and other Buildings belonging thereto, in good and sufficient Repair and Condition to the Satisfaction of the Bishop; and also to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of small Value, and serving as a Stipendiary Curate elsewhere, with the Licence of the Bishop of the Diocese, and providing for the serving of such his Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to the Satisfaction of the Bishop of his Diocese; and also to any Master or Usher of any endowed School duly licensed by the Bishop, and actually employed in teaching therein, or to the

Master

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84.

147

Master of any other School who now is or shall be, within One Month after the passing of this Act, duly licensed by the Bishop; and also to any Master or Preacher of Hospitals or incorporated Charitable Foundation, during the Period for which he may be required to reside by any Charter or Statute of any such Hospital or incorporated Charitable Foundation, or by any other lawful Authority in the same, and shall actually reside and perform his Duties therein; or to any Person holding any endowed Lectureship, or endowed Chapelry or endowed Preachership, and performing and executing the Duties thereof respectively; or to any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of small Value, and serving as Preacher in any Proprietary Chapel in Cities or Towns, with the Licence of the Bishop in whose Diocese he shall so officiate; or to the Librarians of the British Museum, or of Sion College; or to the Trustees of Lord Crewe sCharity, during the Times of

their personal Attendance on the Duties of their Office:Provided Fee for Li-always, that for any such Licence, the Party obtaining the same cences-shall not pay more to the Secretary or Officer of the Bishop than the Sum of Ten Shillings, exclusive of any such Stamps (a) as may be required by Law: Provided always, that if any Spiritual Persons ag-Person applying to any Bishop for any such Licence, shall think grieved by lle-himself aggrieved by the Refusal thereof, it shall be lawful for fusal of Li-such Spiritual Person to appeal to the Archbishop of the Province, cen|:esJ ay aP-who shall forthwith, either by himself or some Commissioner or ^rchbisho Commissioners appointed from among the other Bishops of his Province, under his Hand, make or cause to be made Enquiry into the same, and by Writing, signed by himself, confirm such Refusal, or grant a Licence under this Act, as shall seem just and proper:Provided nevertheless, that the Party appealing shall give Security by Security to the Bishop for the Payment of such reasonable l5x- Party appealing, pences occasioned by the Appeal, as the Archbishop or his Commissioner or Commissioners shall award. ([See 55 G. 3.

c. 184. Sell. Part 1. — See as to Principal of East India,

53 G.3. c. 155. §48.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing In Cases not of this Act, it shall be lawful for any such Bishop as aforesaid, in enumerated, any Cases not hereinbefore enumerated, in. which, under all the Blsh0Ps may Circumstances of any such Case, such Bishop shall think it expe- f^assi^n Sala dient to grant to any such Spiritual Person possessed of any Dig- r£es to^Curates" nity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial employed. Chapelry, a Licence to reside out of the proper House of Residence or out of the Parish, as the Case may be, or as the Case may appear to such Bishop to require, and to assign, in any Case in which the Stipendiary Curate may be employed to do the Duty of such Spiritual Person, such Salary as he shall judge fit to appoint, due Respect being had to the Value of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and to all the other Circumstances of the Case:Provided always, that in every such Case Reasons for the Nature and special Circumstances thereof, and the Reasons granting them that have induced such Bishop to grant such Licence as aforesaid, trans~

shall be forthwith transmitted to the Archbishop of the Province Archbisho^for to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, by him- Examination self, or by some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed for and Allowance.

L 2 that

sted

148

C. 84.

43° GEO. III.

Licences not void by Death or Removal of Grantor, unless revoked by Successor.

Archbishops, in their respective Dioceses, may grant Licences.

Fees may be ordered to be paid by Appellants.

Costs may be recovered by Sequestration.

Licences may be revoked.

A.D. 1803.

that Purpose from among the Bishops of such Province, by Writing, under his Hand, which Commissioner or Commissioners is and are thereupon authorized to take upon himself or themselves the Execution of the said Commission, examine into such Case, and make such Enquiries as to any Particulars relating thereto, as such Archbishop or Commissioner or Commissioners so appointed as aforesaid may think necessary, and after such Enquiries made by himself, or where the same shall be made by such Commissioner or Commissioners, after a Return of the Substance thereof, in Writing, to such Archbishop, such Archbishop shall thereupon allow or disallow such Licence in the Whole or in Part, or make any Alteration therein as to the Period for which the same may have been granted or otherwise, and likewise as to the Stipend assigned to the Curate, as to such Archbishop shall seem fit; and no such Licence shall be good, valid or effectual under this Act for any Purpose whatever, unless it shall have been so allowed and approved by such Archbishop; such Allowance thereof being signified by the signing thereof by such Archbishop:Provided always, that it shall not be necessary in such Licence to specify the Cause of granting the same: Provided also, that no Licence granted under this Act shall be made void by the Death or Removal of the Bishop or Archbishop granting the same, but the same shall be and remain good and valid notwithstanding any such Death or Removal, unless the same shall be revoked by the next or any succeeding Bishop or Archbishop, as the Case may require:Provided also, that any Spiritual Person may appeal against any such Revocation by the Bishop alone, in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed in Case of any Refusal of any Licence: Provided also, that the respective Archbishops may, in their respective Dioceses of which they are Bishops, grant Licences under the Provisions and Regulations in this Act contained, in all Cases in which any Licences may be granted by any Bishop under this Act, either by his own Authority, or with the Allowance and Approval of the Archbishop as aforesaid: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for any such Archbishop to order and direct such reasonable Fees and Charges to be paid by any such Spiritual Person appealing as aforesaid, in respect of any such Proceedings as aforesaid, as he shall in his Discretion think fit; Provided always, that in every Case when any Costs and Charges directed by such Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid, shall remain unpaid for the Period of Twenty one Days after Demand thereof left at the usual or last Place of Abode of the Person liable to the Payment, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop respectively to cause the same to be recovered by Sequestration of the Profits of the Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, and which Sequestration such Archbishop or Bishop are respectively hereby empowered to issue.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Bishop or Archbishop who shall have granted any Licence for Nonresidence as aforesaid, or any Successor or Successors of any such Bishop or Archbishop, to revoke any such Licence, in any Case in which it may appear to him or them proper and expedient to revoke the same: Provided also, that no

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84.

Licence for Nonresidence granted under this Act shall continue in Force for more than Two Years from the granting thereof.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That every such Bishop or Archbishop who shall grant or revoke any Licence under this Act, shall, and he is hereby required to cause a Copy of such Licence or Revocation to be filed in the Registry of the Diocese within which such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof any such Licence shall be granted or Revocation made, shall be locally situate; and an Alphabetical List of such Licences and Revocations shall be made out by the Register, of the said Diocese, and entered in a Book, and kept for the Inspection of all Persons, upon Payment of the Sum of Two Shillings, and no more; and a Copy of every such Licence and Revocation, with respect to any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall be transmitted to the Churchwardens of the Parish to which the same relates, within One Month after the Grant of such Licence or Revocation thereof, to be by them deposited in the Parish Chest; and a Copy of the same shall likewise be publicly read at the Visitation of the Archdeacon of the Archdeaconry within which the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof the Licence shall have been granted or Revocation made, shall be locally situate, immediately next succeeding the granting or Revocation thereof.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Archbishop who shall confirm in Manner directed by this Act any Licence or Licences in any Case or Cases not enumerated in this Act, or who shall grant any Licence in his own Diocese, shall annually, on or before the Thirty first Day of January in each Year, transmit to His Majesty in Council a List of all such Licences so confirmed or granted respectively as aforesaid, in the Year ending on the last Day of December preceding such Thirty first Day of January; and shall, in every such List, specify the Reasons transmitted to him by the Bishops of the several Dioceses, for granting the said Licences, and the Reasons which have induced him to confirm the same, and also the Reasons which have induced him to grant any such Licence as aforesaid within his own Diocese; and it shall be lawful for His Majesty in Council, by any Order made for that Purpose, to revoke and annul any such Licence, and if His Majesty in Council shall think fit so to do, the same shall be transmited to the Archbishop who shall have confirmed or granted such Licence, who shall thereupon cause a Copy of every such Order made in relation to any Licence confirmed by him as aforementioned, to be transmitted to the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Licence shall have been granted, who shall thereupon cause a Copy of the Mandatory Part of the said Order to be filed in the Registry of such Diocese, and a like Copy to be delivered to the Churchwardens of the Parish to which the same relates, in Manner hereinbefore directed as to Licences under this Act; and every such Archbishop shall cause a Copy of the Mandatory Part of every such Order made in relation to any such Licence as aforesaid granted by him in his own Diocese, to be in like Manner filed in the Registry of his Diocese, and a like Copy

149

How long in Force.

Copies of Licences or Revocations filed, and List kept for Inspection; Copies of certain Licences and Revocations transmitted to Churchwardens, &c.

A List of Licences confirmed by the Archbishop, or granted in his own Diocese, shall be annually transmitted to his Majesty in Council, who may revoke Licences, &c.

150 C. 84. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

also to be delivered to the Churchwardens of the Parish to which such Licence shall relate, in Manner before mentioned.

Licences be-

XXIV. Provided always, That after such Licence shall have tween Grant been so revoked by His Majesty in Council, the same shall never-deem^d'val^d °n t^ie^ess’ *n Questions that shall have arisen, or may thereafter eemet va 1 . arise, touching the Nonresidence of the Spiritual Person to whom the same shall have been granted, between the Period at which the same were granted or confirmed, and the Time at which the same shall be so revoked as aforesaid, be deemed and taken to be, and to have been valid and effectual to the Intents and Purposes of this Act.

Annual Return made to King in Council of Benefice, &c. and of Persons not having resided; Nonresidents by Exemption without Licence to yearly notify to Diocesan,

Duplicate of such Notification delivered to Registrar to be filed; his Certificate Evidence of its being made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and five, and at the like Period in every succeeding Year, a Return or Returns shall be made, to His Majesty in Council, by every such Archbishop and Bishop, of the Names of every Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy and Parochial Chapelry, within their respective Dioceses, or subject to their respective Jurisdictions, by virtue of this Act; and the Names of the several Persons possessing the same, who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any Exemption under or by virtue of this Act or any other Act, or by reason of any Licence granted by such Archbishop or Bishop respectively, for any and what Cause enumerated by this Act; and also of all the Persons possessing the same, not having any such Exemption or Licence, who shall not have resided on such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, so far as the Bishop is informed thereof; and for the Purpose of enabling the Archbishops and Bishops to make such Return as aforesaid, every Person who shall be Nonresident in any Year subsequent to the First Day of, in

the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, by reason of any Exemption under this Act or any other Act, and to entitle him to which it is not necessary to obtain any Licence under this Act, shall, within Six Weeks from and after the First Day of January in every following Year, notify the same in Writing, under his Hand, to the Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese to whose Jurisdiction he is subject by this Act, or otherwise, in respect of such Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, specifying the Nature of such Exemption:Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Person making such Notification, to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Registrar of such Diocese as aforesaid, a Duplicate of such Notification in Writing, and which Duplicate such Registrar is hereby required to file and preserve in the Registry of such Diocese; and in all .Cases in which any Question shall arise, whether any such Person as aforesaid has made such Notification as is required by this Act as aforesaid, a Copy of such Duplicate, certified under the Hand of the Registrar of the Diocese for the time being, together with the Time of filing the same, (and which Certificate such Registrar is hereby required to give, upon Application for that Purpose made by or on the Behalf of the Party interested,) shall be deemed and taken to be Evidence that the Party required to make such Notification as aforesaid hath made the same.

[See 54:G.3. c. 175. § 10.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84. 151

XXVI. And, to the Intent to enforce such Persons as aforesaid from Time to Time duly to make such Notification as aforesaid, be it enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully neglect to make such Notification as aforesaid, the Person so neglecting shall not be or be deemed to be entitled, from and after the Expiration of such Six Weeks, to the Benefit of such Exemption as aforesaid, until he shall have made such Notification in Writing; and such Person so wilfully neglecting to make such Notification as aforesaid, notwithstanding such subsequent Notification, shall not be or be deemed to be entitled to such Exemption in respect of any Nonresidence which shall have taken place between the Expiration of such Six Weeks and the Time of making such subsequent Notification; and in all Cases in which any Question shall arise, whether such Neglect was wilful, the same shall be taken to have been wilful, unless the contrary is proved by the Person claiming such Exemption.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Spiritual Person to whom any such Licence for Nonresidence shall have been granted, and against whom any Action shall thereafter be brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture under this or any other Act, by reason of any Nonresidence, or any Matter or Thing relating whereto any Licence under this Act has been granted, to plead such Licence in bar of any such Action; and if the Plaintiff in such Suit or Action shall be Nonsuit, or shall discontinue any such Suit or Action after any Plea of Licence shall have been pleaded thereto under this Act, then and in such Case the Defendant in such Suit or Action shall have full Costs of Suit; and if in any such Suit or Action a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant, the Defendant shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during the Vacancy of any See, the Power of granting Licences under this Act, subject to the Regulations therein contained, shall be exercised by the Vicar General of the Diocese; and that during the Absence of any Prelate out of the Realm, or such Infirmity as disables him from exercising in Person the Functions of his Office, it shall be exercised by such Person or Persons as is or are lawfully empowered to exercise his general Jurisdiction in the Diocese.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to exempt any Person or Persons from any Canonical or Ecclesiastical Censures, or affect any Proceedings that shall hereafter be instituted in any Ecclesiastical Court, in order to cause the same to be inflicted in relation to the Nonresidence of any Spiritual Person, having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, not being duly licensed according to the Provisions of this Act to be absent therefrom, nor having any other lawful Cause of Absence:Provided always, that, from and after the passing of this Act, no such Censures by reason of any Nonresidence, not exceeding Three Months in any One Year, shall be put in Force, nor shall any Proceeding be admitted in any Ecclesiastical Court against any such Spiritual Person for such Nonresidence, not exceeding

Persons neglecting to make Notification, not entitled to Exemption.

Licence may be pleaded in bar of Action; and in case of Nonsuit, &c. the Defendant shall have Costs.

Treble Costs.

By whom Licences may be granted, while See is vacant, &c.

Proviso for Censure for Nonresidence without Licence.

Proviso as putting Ce -sures in Force Sec.

152

C. 84.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

If unlicensed Person does not sufficiently reside, Bishop may issue a Monition to reside, &c.

Returns shall be made to Monitions, which may be required to be upon Oath.

Where Returns shall not be made, or not be satisfactory, the Bishop may order Residence, and if disobeyed, may sequester the Profits of the Benefice, and direct an Application thereof.

Three Months in any One Year, at the Suit or Instance of any Person or Persons other than the Archbishop, Bishop or Archdeacon only of the Diocese and Archdeaconry within such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof such Nonresidence shall have taken place, shall be locally situated; any Thing in any Law or Laws, or Ecclesiastical Canon or Canons, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every Case in which it shall appear to any such Bishop or Archbishop as aforesaid, that any Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, and not being licensed according to this Act to be absent therefrom, nor having any other lawful Cause of Absence from the same, does not sufficiently reside on the same respectively, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to issue, or cause to be issued, a Monition, to such Spiritual Person, forthwith to proceed to and reside thereon, and perform the Duties thereof, and to make a Return to such Monition within a certain Number of Days after the issuing thereof; so as that in every such Case there shall be Thirty Days between the Time of delivering such Monition to such Spiritual Person, or leaving the same at his then usual or last Place of Abode, or if not there to be found, with the officiating Minister, or one of the Churchwardens, and also at the House of Residence (if any such there be) belonging to such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to which any such Spiritual Person shall be required by such Monition to proceed and reside thereon, and the Time specified in such Monition for the Return thereto; and every such Monition shall immediately on the issuing thereof be filed in the Registry, and open for Inspection on the Payment of Two Shillings, and no more; and the Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition shall be sent under this Act, shall, within the Time specified for that Purpose, make a Return thereto; and it shall be lawful for the Bishop or Archbishop to whom any such Return shall be made to require such Return, or any Facts contained therein, to be verified by the Oath of such Spiritual Person, or others, to be taken before some Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery, which Oath any such Surrogate or Master Extraordinary in Chancery is hereby authorized and required to administer, on Application being made for that Purpose; and in every Case where no such Return shall be made, or where such Return shall not state such Reasons as shall be deemed satisfactory by such Bishop or Archbishop for the Nonresidence of the Spiritual Person to whom such Monition shall have been sent as aforesaid, or where the same or any of the Facts contained therein shall not be so verified upon Oath as aforesaid, when the same shall have been required, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to issue an Order in Writing, under his Hand and Seal, to require such Person to proceed to and reside as aforesaid, within Thirty Days after such Order in Writing, or a Copy thereof, shall have been delivered or left in like Manner as is herein before required as to Monitions; and in case of Noncompliance, it shall be lawful for such Bishop or Archbishop to sequester the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry of such Spiritual Person as aforesaid, until such Order shall be complied with, or such sufficient Reasons for Nonresidence

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84.

15$

dence stated and proved as aforesaid; and to direct, by any Order to be made for that Purpose under his Hand, the Application of such Profits, after deducting the necessary Expences of serving the Cure, either in the Whole or in such Proportion as he shall think fit, in the first place to the Payment of such reasonable Expences as shall have been incurred in relation to such Monition and Sequestration, and in the next place towards the Augmentation or Improvement of any such Parsonage, Vicarage, Donative or Perpetual Curacy, or the House of Residence thereof, or any of the Buildings and Appurtenances thereof, or towards the Improvement of any of the Glebe or Demesne Lands thereof; or may order and direct the same, or any Portion thereof, to be paid to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen for the Augment-

ation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, to be applied for the Purpose of such Augmentation as such Bishop or Archbishop shall in his Discretion, under all the Circumstances, think fit and expedient; and it shall also be lawful for any such Bishop or Archbishop, within Six Months after such Order for Sequestration, or within Six Months after any Money shall have been actually levied by such Sequestration, to remit to any such Spiritual Person any Part or Proportion of such sequestered Profits, or cause the same or any Part thereof that shall have been paid, or directed to be paid, to such Governors of Queen Anne's Bount}r, to be repaid to such Spiritual Person, which Repayment the said Governors are hereby authorized and required, upon an Order under the Hand of any such Bishop or Archbishop, to make out of any Money then in their Hands, or if no Money shall then be in their Hands, out of the next Money that shall come to their Hands, in any Case in which by reason of the subsequent Obedience of any such Spiritual Person to any such Monition or Order, or the stating and proving such sufficient Reasons as aforesaid, such Bishop or Archbishop shall think the same proper: Provided always, that when any such Spiritual Person shall think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Sequestration issued by any Bishop, it shall be lawful for any such Spiritual Person within Fifteen Days after the making any Order for any such Sequestration as aforesaid, and upon such Notice thereof, to be served in like Manner as the Monition hereinbefore directed, to appeal to the Archbishop of the Province to which such Bishop shall belong, who shall forthwith, either by himself or some Commissioner or Commissioners appointed from among the Bishops of his Province for that Purpose under his Hand and Seal, make or cause to be made due Enquiry into the same, and make such Order therein or relating thereto, or to the Profits that shall be so sequestered as aforesaid, for the Return to such Spiritual Person of the same or any Part thereof, or otherwise, as shall, under all the Circumstances of the Case, appear to such Archbishop (after such Enquiry made by himself or by his Commissioner or Commissioners, and in the latter Case, after the Substance of such Enquiry shall have been returned in Writing to the said Archbishop) to be just and proper: Provided always, that the Party so appealing shall give Security to the Bishop for the Payment of such reasonable Expences occasioned by the Appeal as the Archbishop or his Commissioner or Commissioners shall award: Provided also, that

no

Proviso for remission of sequestered Profits.

Appeal against Sequestrations may be made to the Archbishop.

Appellant to give Security.

154

C. 84.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons who shall return to Residence on Monition, shall pay the Costs.

If any Person returning to Residence on Monition, shall before Six Months thereafter absent himself, the Bishop may, without Monition, sequester the Profits of the Benefice.

Benefices void, :if Clerk continue under Sequestration Three Years, or incur Three Sequestrations within that Period,

no such Order for any Sequestration shall be put in Force during such Appeal as aforesaid, and until the same shall be determined.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Spiritual Person to whom any such Monition or Order in Writing shall be sent as aforesaid under this Act, who shall be at the Time of the issuing thereof absent from Residence in or upon his Benefice, his Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, but who shall, in Obedience to such Monition or Order, forthwith return to due Residence, and the Profits of whose Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall, by reason of such Return, not be sequestered, shall nevertheless pay all Costs, Charges and Expences incurred by reason of the issuing and serving such Monition or Order; to be levied as any Cost may be levied on any Spiritual Person by any Archbishop or Bishop, under any of the Provisions of this Act.

i XXXII. And to the Intent effectually to enforce Jide 1 Residence, according to the Intent and Meaning of such Moni-f tions and Orders as aforesaid; ’ Be it further enacted, That if any Spiritual Person not licensed under this Act to be absent from his Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, nor having other lawful Cause of Absence from the same, who, after any such Monition or Order as aforesaid, requiring his Residence, and before or after any such Sequestration as aforesaid, shall, in Obedience to such Monition or Order, have begun to reside upon his Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, shall afterwards, and before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Commencement of such Residence, in the Judgment and without the Leave of such Archbishop or Bishop, begin wilfully to absent himself from such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, it shall be lawful for such Archbishop or Bishop, without issuing any other Monition, or making any other Order, again to sequester and apply the Profits of such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, as is before directed by this Act, for the Purpose of enforcing the Residence of such Spiritual Person, according to the true Intent of the original Monition issued by such Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop so to proceed in like Cases from Time to Time, as often as Occasion may require; provided that, in each and every of such Cases, such Spiritual Person shall be entitled to appeal against such Sequestration, in such Manner and upon such Terms as herein before is and are mentioned touching Appeals respecting Sequestrations; but nevertheless the same shall be in Force during such Appeal.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk shall continue under any Sequestration made under the Provisions of this Act, for Nonresidence, for the Space of Three Years, or shall, under the Provisions of this Act, incur Three Sequestrations in the said Space of Three Years, not being relieved, with respect to any of such Sequestrations, upon Appeal, the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in relation to Nonresidence upon which such Sequestration shall have been made, shall become ipso facto void, and the Patron or Person entitled to present or nominate some Clerk thereto, other than the Clerk who

shall

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. I XL

C. 84.

155

shall have so continued under such Sequestration or Sequestrations, as if the same had been avoided by the natural Death or Resignation of the Party.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Contracts or Agreements made after the passing of this Act, for the letting of Houses of Residence, or the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards and Appurtenances necessary for the convenient Occupation of the same, belonging to any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, to which Houses of Residence any Spiritual Persons shall be required, by Order of the Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid, to proceed and to reside therein, a Copy of which Order shall, immediately on the issuing thereof, be transmitted to one of the Churchwardens of the Parish, and be by him forthwith served on the Occupier of such House of Residence, or left at the same, and which such Churchwarden is hereby required to serve accordingly, shall be null and void; and any Person continuing to hold any such House of Residence, or any such Building, Garden, Orchard or Premises, after the Day on which the said Spiritual Person shall be directed by the said Order to reside in such House of Residence, and after Service of such Copy as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he shall, without the Permission of the Archbishop or Bishop in Writing for that Purpose obtained, wilfully continue to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard or Premises, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as the Penalties for Nonresidence are directed to be recovered and applied by the Provisions of this Act; but in Cases of such Contracts or Agreements made before the passing of this Act, the Person holding and occupying under any such Contract or Agreement shall not be liable to any Penalty for Three Calendar Months from the Time of the Service of the Copy of such Order of the Archbishop or Bishop as aforesaid upon such Occupier, or at such House of Residence as aforesaid, and Sequestration shall not issue for Disobedience to the Order of the Archbishop or Bishop for Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Service of the Copy of the said Order, at the Expiration of which Time it shall be lawful for the Archbishop or Bishop to issue Sequestration; and from and after the Expiration of which Time the Party continuing to hold any such House, Building, Garden, Orchard, Premises or Appurtenances as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day he shall wilfully continue without such Permission in Writing as aforesaid to hold the same, or any of them, to be recovered and applied in like Manner as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spiritual Person shall be liable to any Penalties under this or any former Act* for not residing in such House of Residence during such Time as such Tenant shall continue to occupy such House of Residence, and other Buildings necessary to the Occupation of the same.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall have been commenced or brought against any Spiritual Person to whom any Monition shall be sent as aforesaid, before the issuing thereof, for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of the Nonresidence

of

Contracts for letting Houses in which any Spiritual Persons shall, by Order of Bishop, be required to reside, void; and Persons holding Possession after Day appointed, subject to Penalty.

Proviso for Contracts before passing this Act.

Proviso where Tenant continues to occupy.

If Action brought for Nonresidence before issuing Monition, a Sum sufficient

C. 84.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

156

to satisfy Penalty and Costs retained out of Profits of Benefice.

at the Time of filing any Monition no Action shall have been commenced, none shall be afterwards brought, &c>

No Oath relating to Residence shall be required of any Vicar.

Act extended to all Dignities, Prebends, Benefices, &c.

of any such Spiritual Person before the issuing of such Monition, then and in such Case the Bishop or Archbishop sending such Monition as aforesaid, shall, upon Notice of such Action or Suit, cause to be retained the Profits, or so much of the Profits of the Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, in respect whereof such Action or Suit shall be brought, and Monition issued as aforesaid, and which may under this Act be sequestered as aforesaid, as will be sufficient to satisfy any Penalty or Penalties for which any such Action or Suit shall be brought, together with such Costs as the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein may be entitled to, if any, and shall, if a Verdict shall be given for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action, and final Judgment obtained therein, after deducting all the Charges which shall have been occasioned by the said Sequestration, to the Bishop or Archbishop, or any Person or Persons who shall have acted therein under his Authority, pay or cause to be paid to such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the Sum or Sums of Money that shall be recovered in any such Action or Suit, to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein: Provided always, that if at the Time of filing any such Monition as aforesaid no Action for any such Penalty or Forfeiture shall have been already commenced against such Spiritual Person, then and in such Case no such Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be afterwards brought for any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by reason of any Nonresidence of such Spiritual Person before the issuing of such Monition, or during any Proceedings that may be had under such Monition; and if any such Action or Suit shall be so commenced, the Defendant therein may plead in bar thereof, that such a Monition as aforesaid has issued in respect of the same Parsonage, Vicarage, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry; and such Defendant, unless upon Application to the Court the same shall be dispensed with, shall, upon pleading such Matter, file, or cause to be filed, an Affidavit in the said Court, thereby stating that, according to the Belief of the Defendant, the Bishop or Archbishop who has issued or caused such Monition to be issued is proceeding or intends to proceed upon the said Monition, to the Intent to make the same effectual to the Intents and Purposes of this Act, otherwise such Plea shall not be good or available in the Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Oath shall be required of or taken by any Vicar in relation to Residence on his Vicarage; any Law, Custom, Constitution or Usage to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Clauses, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures in this Act contained, in relation to Residence, or to any other Matters and Things relating thereto, shall extend and be deemed and construed to extend to all Dignities, Prebends, Benefices, Donatives, Perpetual Curacies and all Parochial Chapelries, exempt as well as not exempt, and all Peculiars, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes as if the same had been and were in this Act particularly mentioned and specified; any Thing in any Act or Acts, Law or Laws to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Archbishop,

Bishop

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 84.

157

Bishop and Archdeacon within the Limits of whose Province, Diocese or Jurisdiction respectively, any Dignity, Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry respectively, exempt or peculiar, shall be locally situate, shall have, use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities necessary for the due Execution by them respectively of the Provisions and Purposes of this Act, and for enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbishop, Bishop and Archdeacon respectively would have used and exercised if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the Jurisdiction of such Archbishop, Bishop or Archdeacon; and also that where any Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, exempt or peculiar, shall be locally situate within the Limits of more than One Province, Diocese or Jurisdiction, or where the same or any of them shall be locally situate between the Limits of any Two or more of such Provinces, Dioceses or Jurisdictions, or any of them, the Archbishop or Bishop to the Cathedral Church of whose Province or Diocese the Parish Church of the same respectively shall be nearest in local Situation, shall have, use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities which are necessary for the due Execution of the Provisions of this Act, and enforcing the same with regard thereto respectively, as such Archbishop or Bishop could have used if the same were not exempt or peculiar, but were subject in all respects to the Jurisdiction of such Archbishop or Bishop respectively; and the same, for all the Purposes of this Act, shall be deemed and taken to be within the Limits of the Province or Diocese of such Archbishop or Bishop; and the same shall also, for the Purposes of this Act, be taken to be within the Archdeaconry of and be subject to the Jurisdiction of such Archdeacon as hath Jurisdiction as such over the Parish, the Parish Church of which is nearest to the Church of such Benefice, Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, exempt or peculiar; any Thing in any Act or Acts, Law or Laws, Usage or Usages, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided, that the Peculiars belonging to any Archbishoprick or Bishoprick, though locally situated in another Diocese, shall continue subject to the Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong, as well for the Purposes of this Act as for all other Purposes of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in the Laws whatsoever.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter or affect His Majesty's Royal Prerogative in the granting of Dispensations for Nonresidence upon Benefices, as the same now exists by Law; nor to affect any Privileges of Clerks retained in His Majesty's Service under the Statute passed in the Ninth Year of Edward the Second, intituled Clerks in the King s Service shall be discharged of their Residence, but shall be corrected by their Ordinary.

‘XLI. And to the Intent to avoid all Doubts, ’ Be it enacted, That no Archbishop or Bishop, having or who shall have any Dignity, Prebend, Benefice, Donative or Perpetual Cure, shall by reason of Nonresidence upon the same be subject or liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Forfeiture or Penalty shall be incurred under or by virtue of this

Statute

Archbishop,

Sec. within whose respective Province, &c. Benefice, &c. exempt, shall be locally situate, to have the same Powers as if such Benefice were not exempt.

Proviso for Power of Archbishop, &c. where such Benefice, &c. situate in more than One Province, &c. or between Limits of Two.

Peculiars subject to Archbishop or Bishop to whom they belong.

Proviso for His Majesty's Prerogative in granting Dispensations.

Proviso for Nonresidence of Archbishop, &c.

15S

C. 84, 85, 86.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

If any Execution sued out between July 7, 1803, and Day after passing this Act, Judge may direct Repayment of so much of Penalties and Costs levied as exceeds what Defendant would have been liable to under this Act.

Statute for any Act of Nonresidence committed prior to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four.

XLIII. Provided also, That no Penalty for farming shall be incurred by any Spiritual Person, under this or any other Statute, till the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four.

XLIV. Provided also, That no Provision in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend beyond that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case in any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in which any Verdict shall have been obtained prior to the passing of this Act, an}' Execution shall have been sued out at any Time between the Seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, and the Day after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful after the passing of this Act for any Judge of the Court in which such Action, Bill, Plaint or Information shall be depending, upon the Application of the Defendant, to direct by any Rule or Order the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs who shall have levied under any such Execution, to repay to the Defendant so much of the Penalties, Forfeitures and Costs levied by such Execution, as the Sums so levied shall exceed the Amount of what such Defendant would have been liable to pa}' in Penalty, Forfeiture and Costs, or any of them, as the Case might be, if no Execution had been sued out against such Defendant, and such Defendant had applied under this Act to such Judge to discontinue the Proceedings in such Action, Bill, Plaint and Information before Execution taken out; and such Judge and Defendant respectively shall have full Power to enforce Obedience to such Order or Rule, in like manner as Obedience to any Order or Rule of such Court, or any Judge of Court, can or may be enforced.

[As to Provision for certain Cu, see 41 3. 2. — When

Actions for Penalties under this Act he, 54 G. 3.

cc. 6. 44. 54. 175.]

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to raise and assemble in Ireland an additional Military Force, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[11th July 1803.]

[Repealed, as therein ment46 3. c. 63.]

---

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act to prevent unlawful Combinations of Workmen, Artificers, Journeymen, and Labourers in Ireland; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[11th July 1803.]

'WHEREAS the Laws now in Force in Ireland, against unlawful Combinations by and amongst Artificers, Workmen, Journeymen and Labourers, have been found to be inadequate to the Suppression thereof; whereby it is become necessary that more effectual Provision should be made against such unlawful Combinations in Ireland, and for preventing such unlawful'

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 86. 159

---

'Practices in future, and for bringing such Offenders to more speedy and exemplary Punishment;' Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act all Contracts, Covenants and Agreements whatsoever, in Writing or not in Writing, at any Time or Times heretofore made or entered into, or at any Time or Times hereafter to be made or entered into by or between any Artificers, Journeymen, Manufacturers, Workmen, Labourers or other Persons in Ireland, for obtaining an Advance of Wages of them, or any of them, or of any other Artificers, Journeymen, Manufacturers, Workmen, Labourers or other Persons, in any Manufacture, Trade, Business or Occupation, or for lessening or altering their or any of their usual Hours or Time of Working, or for decreasing the Quantity of Work, (save and except any Contract made or to be made between any Master and his Journeyman or Manufacturer, for or on account of the Work or Service of such Journeyman or Manufacturer with whom such Contract may be made) , or for preventing or hindering any Person or Persons from employing whomsoever he, she or they shall think proper to employ in his, her or their Manufacture, Trade, Business or Occupation, or for controling or any way affecting any Person or Persons carrying on any Manufacture, Trade or Business, in the Conduct or Management thereof, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be illegal, null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Labourer or other Person in, shall at any Time

after the passing of this Act, make or enter into, or be concerned in the making of or entering into any such Contract, Covenant or Agreement, in Writing or not in Writing, as is hereinbefore declared to be an illegal Covenant, Contract or Agreement; and every Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Labourer or other Person who after the passing of this Act shall be guilty of any of the said Offences in Ireland, being thereof lawfully convicted before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall by Order of such Justices be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or at the Discretion of such Justices shall be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Labourer or other Person, who shall at any Time after the passing of this Act enter into any Combination in Ireland to obtain an Advance of Wages, or to alter or lessen the Hours or Duration of the Time of Working, or to decrease the Quantity of Work, or for any other Purpose contrary to this Act, or who shall by giving Money, or by Persuasion, Solicitation or Intimidation, or any other Means, wilfully and maliciously endeavour to prevent any unhired or unemployed Artificer, Journejnnan, Workman or Labourer, or any other Person wanting Employment, from hiring

himself

All Contracts for obtaining an Advance of Wages, altering Time of working, decreasing the Quantity of Work, &c. (except between Masters and Men) , illegal.

Workmen guilty of such Offence, committed to Gaol or House of Correction, on Conviction before Two Justices;

as also any who shall enter into any Combination for advancing Wages,

&c. or shall endeavour to prevent any Workman from hiring himself, or shall prevail on him to quit his Em-

160

C. 86.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

ploy, or shall hinder any Master from employing any Person, or without reasonable Cause shall refuse to work with any other Workman

and also all Persons who shall attend any Meeting for the Purpose of making any such illegal Contract, or who shall summon, or by Intimidation, &c. endeavour to induce any Journeyman to attend such Meeting, or who shall collect any Money for such Purposes, &c.

himself to any Manufacturer or Tradesman, or Person conducting any Manufacture, Trade or Business in, or who shall for

the Purpose of obtaining an Advance of Wages, or for any other Purpose contrary to the Provisions of this Act, wilfully and maliciously decoy, persuade, solicit, intimidate, influence or prevail, or attempt or endeavour to prevail, on any Artificer, Journey man, Workman, Labourer or other Person hired or employed, or to be hired or employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business or Occupation in Ireland, to quit or leave his Work, Service or Employment, or who shall wilfully and maliciously hinder or prevent, or attempt to hinder or prevent, any Manufacturer or Tradesman, or other Person, from employing in his or her Manufacture, Trade or Business, such Artificers, Journeymen, Workmen, Apprentices, Labourers and other Persons as he or she shall think proper, or who being hired or employed shall without any just or reasonable Cause refuse to work with any other Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice or Labourer employed or hired to work therein, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within Three Calendar Months next after the Offence shall have been committed, shall by Order of such Justices be committed to and Confined in the Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or otherwise be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

IV. And for the more effectual Suppression of all Combinations amongst Artificers, Journeymen, Workmen, Labourers and other Persons employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business or Occupation in Ireland; Be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever (whether employed in any such Manufacture, Trade, Business or Occupation or not) who shall attend any Meeting had or held for the Purpose of making or entering into any Contract, Covenant or Agreement, by this Act declared to be illegal, or of entering into, supporting, maintaining, continuing or carrying on any Combination for an}r Purpose by this Act declared to be illegal, or who shall summon, give Notice to, call upon, persuade, entice, solicit, or by Intimidation or any other Means, endeavour to induce any Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, Labourer or other Person employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business or Occupation, to attend any such Meeting, or who shall collect, demand, ask or receive any Sum of Money from any such Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, Labourer or other Person, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, or who shall persuade, entice, solicit, or by Intimidation or any other Means, endeavour to induce any such Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, Labourer or other Person, to enter into or be concerned in any such Combination, or who shall pay any Sum of Money, or make or enter into any Subscription or Contribution for or towards the Support or Encouragement of any such illegal Meeting or Combination, or shall administer, or cause to be administered, any Oath or Declaration to any Manufacturer, Artificer, Journeyman, Apprentice or Labourer, or to

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 86. 161

any Person or Persons whomsoever, tending to fix the Price of Wages or Labour, or Workmanship, or tending to fix or make any Rule, Order, Agreement or Regulation respecting any Trade, Manufacture or Business, or the Persons employed or to be employed therein, or shall issue or cause to be issued, or deliver or cause to be delivered, any Ticket, Certificate or Token, (other than and except such Ticket or Certificate as shall or may be delivered by or by the Order of the Corporation whereof such Manufacturer, Artificer, Journeyman or Labourer is or shall be a Member) , to any such Manufacturer, Artificer, Journeyman or Labourer, of his being licensed to work at his or their respective Trade or Trades, and who shall be lawfully convicted of any of the said Offences before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, within Three Calendar Months after the Offence shall have been committed, shall by Order of such Justices be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol within their Jurisdiction for any time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or otherwise be committed to some House of Correction within the same Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person (whether em ployed as a Journeyman, Workman or Labourer, in any Man u facture, Trade, Business or Occupation, or not) shall at any Time ExPe-es in

rnrrPrt firu* ar

after the passing of this Act wilfully pay or give any bum ot Money or valuable Thing as a Subscription or Contribution for the Purpose of paying the Expences incurred, or to be incurred, by any Person or Persons acting contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or shall by Payment of Money or other Means support or maintain any Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, Labourer, or other Person, or contribute towards his Support or Maintenance, for the Purpose of inducing him to refuse to work, or to be hired or employed in any Manufacture, Trade, Business or Occupation, or for the Purpose of maintaining or supporting any Artificer, Journeyman, Workman, Apprentice, or Labourer, who having been guilty of any Offence under this Act, shall have been lawfully convicted of the same; and every Person who shall be guilty of any such Offence, shall on Conviction thereof before any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every Journeyman, Workman, Labourer, and every Person who shall collect or receive any Money or valuable Thing, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, shall, on like Conviction, forfeit and lose any Sum not exceeding the Penalty, like Sum of Ten Pounds, according to the Discretion of the Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted;

Persons contributing for any

curred for acting contrary to this Act, or towards supporting any Person to induce him not to work, or maintaining Offenders; or collecting Money for such Purposes.

such Penalties respectively to be forfeited, one Moiety to His Ma- Application of jesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be equally divided Penalties, between them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Manufacturer, Ar- Any Workman, tificer, Journeyman, Workman or Labourer, being engaged with Engagement/8 any Master, Mistress, or Employer, in, shall after such sha§ refuse to

Engagement, and during the Time for which he shall be so engaged, Work, or shall refuse to work, or shall absent himself from the Service of the absent himself, 43 Geo. III. M Person

162

C. 86.

43 GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

or shall prevent or molest any Person from working, or shall return his Work before completed, shall be committed to Gaol or the House of Correction, on Conviction of Two Justices.

Master employing a Man retained by another, without.his Leave.

[Penalty.]

Workmen spoiling, selling. See, any Work

Person by whom he shall be so employed as aforesaid, during the accustomed Hours of working at such Trade or Occupation as he shall be accustomed to be employed at, or, if hired by the Week, Month or Year, shall neglect to come to work each and every Day during the said Term, on any Account or Pretext whatsoever, unless prevented by Sickness or some other reasonable Cause, to the Satisfaction of the Justices before whom Complaint shall be made, or shall hinder, prevent or molest, or attempt to hinder, prevent or molest, any Person or Persons from working at any Business or Occupation on account of the said Persons being Foreigners, Strangers or Natives of any other Part of the United Kingdom, or of any other County, City or Place within, or on any

other Account whatsoever, or shall refuse or neglect to work in the Trade or Calling he shall be so engaged for, and in an usual and reasonable manner, being thereunto required by his Employer, or shall return his Work before the same shall be completely finished without the Consent of the Person or Persons by whom he shall be so employed, unless it be for some reasonable and sufficient Cause to be allowed by two Justices of the Peace, in their respective Jurisdictions, and shall be thereof convicted before any two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, it shall be lawful for such Justices of the Peace, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit the Person or Persons so convicted to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or otherwise, at the Discretion of such Justices, to some House of Correction within their Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master Workman

in Ireland, or any Person whatsoever for him, by his Direction, or

with his Privity, shall knowingly receive, employ or entertain any Artificer, Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman or Labourer, already employed or retained by another, during the Time such Artificer, Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman or Labourer shall .be so employed or retained, without leave of the Person or Persons by whom such Artificer, Journeyman, Manufacturer, Workman or Labourer, shall be so employed or retained, every such Offender being thereof lawfully convicted before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not less than Five Pounds, nor more than Twenty Pounds; One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Person aggrieved, and the other Moiety to be paid to the Trustees of Stevens’s Hospital in the City of Dublin, for the Use of the said Hospital, if the Offence shall have been committed in the County or in the County of the City of Dublin, and to such public Charity within the County, City or Place in which the Offence shall have been committed, as the said Justices shall direct, in any Case where the said Offence shall have been committed out of the County, or the County of the City of Dublin,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Artificer, Workman or Servant, hired, retained or employed in, in any

Trade or Manufacture, shall wilfully damnify, spoil, destroy, sell,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 86. 163

Contractors considered as Masters.

exchange or otherwise dispose of, against or without the Consent committed to of the Owner or Owners, any of the Goods, Wares or Work, or their Care, and Materials for Work, committed to his Care or Charge, or where- th.eir Accom-with he shall be entrusted, every such Offender and his Accomplices, being thereof lawfully convicted before any Two Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall severally forfeit and pay Double the Value of such Goods, Wares or Work so damnified, Penalty, spoiled or destroyed, to the Owner or Owners thereof respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Undertakers or Contractors for Work in Ireland, shall be considered as Masters in respect to all Matters and Things contained in this Act, so far as relates to the Journeymen, Artificers, Workmen and Labourers employed by them.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons permit-in Ireland shall, after the passing of this Act, knowingly permit mg any Meet-any Persons whatsoever to assemble and meet together in his, her mg m his House or their House or Apartments, for the Purpose of unlawfully re- contra^To this gulating the Concerns of Trade, or the Rates of Wages, or ^ct T Prices of Work, or for any other Purpose contrary to any of the Provisions of this Act, every such Person or Persons shall, upon Conviction thereof before any Two or more Justices of the Peace

for the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Person or Persons shall be resident, forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Penalty.

Sum not less than Five Pounds nor more than Twenty Pounds;

One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other

Moiety to be paid to the Trustees of Stevens Hospital in,

for the Use of the said Hospital, if the Offence shall have been committed in the County, or in the County of the City of .,

and to such public Charity within the County, City, Town or Place, within which the Offence shall have been committed, as the said Justices shall direct, where the said Offence shall have been committed out of the County, or the County of the City of Dublin.

XI. And, for the more effectually enforcing and carrying into ‘ Execution the Provisions of this Act, ’ Be it further enacted,

That on Complaint and Information on Oath, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, of any Offence having been fenders, and, on committed against this Act, within the respective Jurisdictions of their notappear-such Justices, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby autho* ing, may issue rized and required to summon the Person or Persons charged with Warrants for being an Offender or Offenders against this Act, to appear before ^hem anVon any Two Justices for the County, City, Town or Place, within their appearing, which the Offence shall have been committed, at a certain Time or on Proof of and Place to be specified; and if any Person or Persons so sum- their abscond-moned shall not appear according to such Summons, then (Proof inS> "ay hfar on Oath having been first made before them of the due Service of Matter*of *

such Summons upon such Person or Persons by delivering the Complaint, and same to him or them personally, or leaving the same at his or their if Penalties are usual Place of Abode; provided the same shall be so left Twenty not forthwith four Hours at the least before the Time which shall be appointed to appear before the said Justices upon such Summons, and pro- G{^ vided also that such Summons shall, in the Case last mentioned, be House of Cor-rection.

M 2 delivered 

Application of Penalty.

Justices may summon Of-

Ifv *

No Master to act as a Justice as to his own Trade.

Justices may summon Witnesses, and for Nonappearance or Refusal to give evidence, may commit them.

C. 86. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

delivered into the Hands of some Person above the Age of Sixteen Years, then resident in the usual Place of such Person or Persons) such Two Justices shall make and issue their Warrant or Warrants for apprehending the Person or Persons so summoned and not appearing as aforesaid, and for bringing him or them before such Justices; and upon the Person or Persons complained against appearing upon such Summons, or being brought by virtue of such Warrant or Warrants before such Justices, or upon Proof on Oath of such Person or Persons absconding, so that such Warrant or Warrants cannot be executed, then such Two Justices shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, forthwith to make Enquiry touching the Matters complained of, and to examine into the same by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Person or Persons, and to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint; and upon Confession by the Party, or Proof by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath either of such Justices is hereby authorized and empowered to administer in such Case, and in all other Cases where an Oath is to be taken before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in pursuance of this Act) , to convict or acquit the Party or Parties against whom Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, and to give Sentence for the Forfeiture or Penalty incurred under and by virtue of this Act; and in case such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction and Sentence, such Two Justices shall and may, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, commit the Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol within their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than Two Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture or Penalty, or Wages, shall be sooner paid or satisfied, or otherwise at the Discretion of such Justices, to some House of Correction within their Jurisdiction, there to remain and be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Forfeiture or Penalty, or Wages, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, being also a Master in any particular Trade, Manufacture or Occupation, in or concerning which any Offence is charged to have been committed under this Act, shall act as such Justice under this Act; any Thing herein contained, or any former Statute, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any such Complaint or Information shall be made as aforesaid, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, at the Request of any of the Parties, to issue his or their Summons to any Witness or Witnesses, to appear and give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, at the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining such Complaint, and which Time and Place shall be specified in such Summons; and if any Person or Persons so summoned to appear as a Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, shall not appear before such Justice or Justices at the Time and Place specified in such Summons, or offer some reasonable Excuse for the Default, or appearing according to such Summons shall not submit to be examined

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 86. 165

as a Witness or Witnesses, and give his or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices touching the Matter of such Complaint, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized (Proof on Oath in the Case of any Person not appearing according to such Summons having been first made before such Justice or Justices of the due Service of such Summons on every such Person, by delivering the same to him or her, or by leaving the same Twenty four Hours before the Time appointed for such Person to appear before such Justice or Justices, at the usual Place of Abode of such Person) by Warrant under the Hand or Hands of such Justice or Justices, to commit such Person or Persons so making Default in appearing, or appearing and refusing to give Evidence, to some Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until such Person or Persons shall submit himself, herself or themselves to be examined, and give his, her or their Evidence before such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Informer or Prosecutor shall in every Case under this Act be deemed a competent Witness to prove the Offence charged; and that all and every Person and Persons who shall or may offend against this Act shall and may, equally with all other Persons, be called upon and compelled to give his or her Testimony and Evidence as a Witness or Witnesses on Behalf of His Majesty, or of the Prosecutor or Informer, upon any Information to be made or exhibited under this Act, against any other Person or Persons not being such Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid; and that in all such Cases every Person having offended against this Act, and having given his or her Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid, shall be and hereby is indemnified of, from and against any Information to be laid, or Prosecution to be commenced against him, her or them, for having offended in the Matter wherein or relative to which he, she or they shall have given Testimony or Evidence as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or by whom any Person or Persons shall be committed to Prison for not appearing as a Witness, or not submitting to be examined, shall cause all such Convictions, and the Warrants or Orders for such Commitment, to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect set forth in the Schedule to this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Justices before whom any such Conviction shall be had, shall cause the same (drawn up in the Form or to the Effect hereinbefore directed) to be fairly written on Parchment, and transmitted to the next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Conviction was had, to be filed and kept amongst the Records of the said General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, convicted of any Offence or Offences punishable by this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Judgment of the Justices before whom he or she shall have been convicted, such Person shall have Liberty to appeal from every such Conviction to the next

Informers competent Witnesses;

Offenders compelled to give Evidence against others, indemnified.

Convictions shall be in the Form in the Schedule.

Convictions shall be transmitted to the Quarter Sessions to be filed.

Appeal may be made to the Quarter Sessions, and Judgment suspended on

16B

C. 86 *

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Convictions shall be on Security being given as herein mentioned.

Decision of Quarter Sessions final.

Costs on Appellant.

Act not to abridge the Powers now given by Law to any Court or to Justices touching Com binations of Workmen, &c

But Persons shall not suffer

Court of General Sessions, or General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the County, City, Town or Place wherein such Offence was committed; and that the Execution of every Judgment so appealed from shall be suspended, in case the Person so convicted shall, with Two sufficient Sureties, immediately enter before such Justices into a Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in the penal Sum of Double the Amount of the Penalty so incurred or forfeited; or in case such Conviction shall contain a Judgment of Imprisonment, such Appellant shall immediately enter into a Recognizance before such Justices, himself in the Penalty of Twenty Pounds, with Two sufficient Sureties in the Penalty of Ten Pounds each, (which Bond or Recognizance respectively such Justices are hereby authorized and required to take); and such Bond or Recognizance shall be conditioned to prosecute such Appeal with Effect, and to be forthcoming to abide the Judgment and Determination of the said next General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as the said Court shall award on such Occasion; and the Justices in the said next Court of General Sessions or General Quarter Sessions, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Appeal, and to award such Costs as to them shall appear just and reasonable to be paid by either Party; which Decision shall be final between the Parties, to all Intents and Purposes, and no Writ of Certiorari, or other Writ or Process shall be allowed for Removal of such Proceedings into any of His Majesty's superior Courts of Record; and if upon hearing the said Appeal, the Judgment of the Justices, before whom the Appellant shall have been convicted, shall be affirmed, such Appellant shall forthwith pay the Forfeiture or Penalty (if any) mentioned in such Conviction, and the Costs awarded to be paid by such Appellant; and in Default of Payment thereof, or in case such Conviction shall contain a Judgment of Imprisonment, such Appellant shall immediately be committed by the said Court to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, according to such Conviction, and for the Space of Time therein mentioned, without Bail or Mainprize, and also until the Payment of such Costs as shall be awarded by the same Court to be paid by such Appellant.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act

contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, take away or abridge the Powers and Authorities now by Law given to any Court, or to any Justice or Justices of the Peace in,

touching any Combinations of Artificers, Manufacturers, Journey-

. men, Workmen or Labourers, or for settling and adjusting the Rate or Amount of Wages to be paid to such Journeymen, Work-- men or other Persons, or the Mode or Time of their working or being employed, or the Quantity of Work to be done, or touching any Matter whatsoever also provided for by this Act; but that all such Courts and Justices shall and may continue to use, exercise, and execute all the Powers and Authorities given to them in and by any Law or Statute or any of them now in Force in, in

such and the same manner as they could or might have done if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, That no Person convicted of any Offence

against

43° GEO. III. C. 86.

A.D. 1803.

against this Act, and who shall suffer for the same accordingly, double shall be otherwise punished or suffer for such Offence by Authority ment* of any other Law now in Force in Ireland.

" Limitation of Actions for Matters done under this Act — Three " Months — Venue in the County — General Issue — Treble Costs.

" § 20. Penalties shall be paid in Irish Currency. § 21.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of CONVICTION and COMMITMENT.

T wit ft remembered* That on the Day of

0W1*j in the Year of

His Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord

A.B. is convicted before us [naming the Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, [or City, Liberty, Town or Place] of of

having [stating the Offence] contrary to the Statute made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here state the Title of this Act]; and we the said Justices do hereby order and adjudge the said A.B. for the said Offence to be committed to and confined in the Common Gaol for the said County [or City, Liberty, Town or Place] for the Space of [or to be committed to the House

of Correction] at within the said County

[or City, Liberty, Town or Place] there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of . Given under our Hands

the Day and Year above written.

FORM of CONVICTION in a PECUNIARY PENALTY.

T^E it remembered, That on [pursuing

the same Form as far as to the End of the of this Act];

and we the said Justices do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence to forfeit and lose the Sum of

to be distributed as the said Act directs. Given under [as before.]

FORM of COMMITMENT of a Person summoned as a WITNESS.

WHEREAS C.D. hath been duly summoned to appear and give Evidence before us [naming the Justices who issued the Summons], Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County [or City, Liberty, Town or Place] of on this Day of at

being the Time and Place appointed for hearing and determining the Complaint made on the Oath of [theInformer or Prosecutor] before us, against B. of having [stating the Offence as laid in the Information] contrary to the Statute made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [heinsert the Title of this Act]: And Whereas the said C.D. hath not appeared before us at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purpose, or offered any

167

Punish-

16S

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

C. 86, 87, 88.

reasonable Excuse for his, [or her] Default, [or, And Whereas the said C.D. having appeared before us at the Time and Place aforesaid specified for that Purpose, hath not submitted to be examined as a Witness, and give his [or her] Evidence before us, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, but hath refused so to do]:Therefore we the said Justices do hereby, in pursuance of the said Statute, commit the said C.D. to the []

there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for his [or her] Contempt aforesaid, until he [or she] shall submit himself [or herself] to be examined and give his [or her] Evidence before us, touching the Matter of the said Complaint, or shall otherwise be discharged by the due Course of Law; and you [the Constable, or other Peace Officer or Officers to whom the Warrant is ] are

hereby authorized and required to take into your Custody the Body of the said C.D. and him [or her] safely to convey to the said Prison, and him [or her] there to deliver to the Gaoler or Keeper thereof, who is hereby authorized and required to receive into his Custody the Body of the said C. and him [or her] safely to detain and keep, pursuant to this Commitment. Given under our Hands this Day of in the Year of

our Lord

[This Commitment to be directed to the proper Peace Officer, and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to continue, during the Restriction on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland, and to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty ninth Yqar of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to restrain the Negociation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills

of Exchange, under a limited Sum; and also an Act made

in the Parliament oi Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, to continue and amend the said Act.

[11th July 1803.]

[Former Acts together with this Act, 4-5 G. 3. c. 41.]

CAP. LXXXym.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Mditia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[11th 1803.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO.

C. 89, 90, 91.

169

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in Scotlandt when called out into actual Service.

[11th July 1803.]

[Repealed as therein mentioned49 90. §45. that Act.2

CAP. XC.

An Act for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Fishery.

[11th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient further to encourage the Southern Whale Fisheries, by extending the Limits prescribed in Two Acts of Parliament; one passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the further encouraging the Southern Whale, the other, passed in

the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in, and for enlarging the Limits of the Southern Whale Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitted and clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said first mentioned Act, and sailing or passing to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hopefor the Purpose of carrying on the Fishery, and having passed beyond Fifty one Degrees of East Longitude from London, to sail or pass to the northward as far as Ten Degrees of Southern Latitude, but not farther Northward, until she shall have sailed or passed to the Eastward of One hundred and fifteen Degrees of East Longitude; and having passed beyond One hundred and fifteen Degrees of East Longitude from London, to sail or pass to the Northward as far as One Degree of Northern Latitude, but no farther to the Northward, until such Ship or Vessel shall have sailed or passed to the Eastward of One hundred and eighty Degrees of East Longitude from London; any Thing in the said Acts or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Ship or Vessel fitted and clearing out, and licensed conformably to the said first mentioned Act, and sailing or passing to the Westward of Cape Horn, or through the Streights of for the Purpose of carrying on the Fishery, and having passed beyond One hundred and eighty Degrees of West Longitude from London, to sail or pass to the Northward as far as Ten Degrees Southern Latitude, but not farther, until she shall have sailed or passed within Fifty one Degrees of East Longitude from London; any Thing in the said Acts, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XCI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

[11th July 1803.]

38 G.3. c. 57.

§5, 6.

42 G. 3. c. 18.

§4.

Ships herein described may sail to the Limits herein specified.

Limits specified in sailing to the Westward of Cape Horn, &c.

EXP.

170

C. 92 — 97.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

CAP. XCII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on the Importation of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, into and on Goods, Wares and Merchandize exported from and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits and Malt distilled and made in Ireland.

[13th July 1803.]

[Repealed, 44 G. 3. c. 26. § 1.]

CAP. XCIII.

EXP. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[13th July 1803.]

EXP.

EXP.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 44.

CAP. XCIV.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Clothing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[13th 1803.]

CAP. XCV.

An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and four, and amend so much of an Act made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the

same Session of Parliament.

[13th July 1803.]

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled ./4m Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the present War, and for indemnifying Persons who may suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be ?iecessary for that Purpose; and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise His ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects in case of Invasion of the Realm.

[27th Jidy 1803.]

[Repealed, 46 Geo. 3. c. 90.]

CAP. XCVII.

An Act to amend several Acts of Parliament for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

[27th July 1803.]

Not removing

IV. AND Whereas it is necessary to make further Provision exciseable for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 97. 171

Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain ex- Goods accord-

‘ ciseable Goods in Ireland, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers in ing to Permits.

or Retailers of such Goods, ’ Be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever in Ireland shall, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, obtain or procure, or cause to be obtained or procured, any Permit, for the Removal from One Place to another of any of the exciseable Goods or Commodities hereinafter mentioned, and if within the Times limited in such Permit or Permits respectively, the Person or Persons by or for whom such Permit or Permits shall be so obtained or procured shall not either actually and really remove and deliver all the Goods or Commodities by such Permit or Permits authorized to be removed, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, or in Default of so sending away and delivering such Goods or Commodities, shall not before the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such Permit or Permits respectively return such Permit or Permits to the Officer or Officers who shall have granted the same, or in case such Goods or Commodities shall not be delivered to the Person or Persons and at the Place mentioned in such Permit or Permits respectively, as the Person to whom and the Place to which such Goods or Commodities are intended to be conveyed, then and in every such respective Case and Cases the Person or Persons obtaining or procuring such Permit or Permits, or for whose Use such Permit or Permits shall be

obtained or procured, shall forfeit and lose for all such Goods and Forfeiture of Commodities named in such Permit or Permits the respective ^ooc*s>&c-Sums and Penalties hereafter mentioned; that is to say, for every Gallon of Wine, Brandy or other Foreign Spirits, or Spirits made in Ireland, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Pound Weight of

Tobacco, Snuff, Coffee or Tea, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Barrel of Malt, the Sum of Ten Shillings; for every Piece of Foreign Silk and East India Goods, and for every Hundred Weight of Sugar, the Sum of Forty Shillings: And upon the Trial of any Information for Recovery of any of the said Penalties or Sums of Money, the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be convicted, unless Proof shall be made by such Defendant or Defendants, that all the Goods and Commodities for the Conveyance of which such Permit or Permits was or were so obtained or procured, was or were actually brought from the Place mentioned in, such Permit or Permits, and was or were actually delivered to the Person and at the Place expressed in such Permit or Permits, or that such Permit or Permits was or were respectively returned to the Officer or Officers who granted the said Permit or Permits before the Expiration of the Time limited in and by such Permit or Permits.

[See 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 48.]

48 G. 3. c. 82.

V. And be it further enacted, that all exciseable Goods, for the Permits shall Removal of which in Ireland a Permit is by Law required, which be allowed to be shall be carrying or conveying, or carried or conveyed from any inspected, or' Part or Place in Ireland to any other Part thereof, whether from G°ods lial>le to any Part of any City or Town to another Part thereof, or from One Seizure‘

Town or Place to another Town or Place, may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise in Ireland, and shall be forfeited unless the Carrier or Person conveying the same, or the Person in

whose

172

C. 97.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Penalty of 1001. on Persons giving or using, &c. any false Permit.

Proof of Quality of Spirits agreeing with Permit to lie on Owners.

No Fires shall be kept in Ships in Custom House Docks and Quays;

Penalty, 201.

whose Possession the same shall be, shall, on Demand made by any such Officer, suffer and allow such Officer to inspect and examine the Permit or Let Pass authorizing the Removal of such Goods.

VI. And be it further enacted, that from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly give any false or untrue Permit, Let Pass or Coast Cocket, for the Removal of any exciseable Goods or Commodities from One Part of Ireland to any other Part thereof, or any Certificate founded on such Permit, Let Pass or Coast Cocket; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly accept or receive any false or untrue Permit, Let Pass, Coast Cocket or Certificate, with or for any such exciseable Goods or Commodity; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently alter or erase any Permit, Let Pass, Coast Cocket or Certificate, after the same shall have been given or granted by the proper Officer of Revenue; or if any Person or Persons shall knowingly or willingly publish or make Use of any such Permit, Let Pass, Coast Cocket or Certificate, so unlawfully given or received, altered or erased, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[Sections 5 & 6. made perpetual, 48 G.3. 82.]

" Penalty on Officers delivering out any Permits, &c. in Blank,

" or not filled up according to 40 G. 3. c. 68. (I.) or granting false " Permits, &c. or taking exciseable Goods into the Stock of any " Dealer, brought in with a false Permit, &c. 100/.

[Made

perpetual, 48 G. 3. c. 82. but repealed, 59 G. 3. c. 107. § 1.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Question shall arise whether any Spirits removed by any Permit are bond Jide such Spirits distilled in Ireland, or such Foreign Spirits as are described and specified in the Permit accompanying the same, or granted for the Removal thereof, the Proof of such Spirits being really and bond jide of the Sort specified in such Permit shall be upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

[47 G. 3. Sess. 2.

c. 48. Made perpetual, 48 G. 3. c. 82. J

XXIII. And Whereas Fires frequently happen amongst Shipping lying at the several Quays, or being in the Docks of or

belonging to the several Custom Houses in, and Goods,

Wares and Merchandize, lying on such Quays or deposited in

His Majesty's Stores, to secure the Payment of the Duties of

Customs and Excise chargeable on such Goods, Wares or Mer- chandize, are often endangered by such Fires For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That no Master, Mate or other Person having the Charge of any Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, lying at any of the Quays, or being in any

- Dock of or belonging to any of His Majesty's Custom Houses in

Ireland, or lying contiguous to any of His Majesty's Stores, shall have or keep, or permit or suffer to be had or kept, any Fire on board such Ship, Lighter, Gabbard, Wherry, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, for any Use or Purpose whatsoever (except Candle Light); and in case any such Master, Mate or other Person, shall offend herein, he shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds for every such

Offence.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 97.

173

XXIV. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better collecting of all Duties on Hides and Skins tanned and dressed in, and on Vellum and Parchment made in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds on His Ma-1 jetty's Revenue therein, it is amongst other Things enacted, that

4 it shall and may be lawful for any Tanner with Bark to discontinue the making or using of any of his Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard, used with Bark, not less than One Fourth of the Number of such Pits or Vats, for any Part of a Year not less nor more than Six Months, in any Year, provided that the Notice required by the said last recited Act be given in the Manner therein directed, and in such Case a proportionable Deduction according to the Number of Cubick Feet in the Pits or Vats so dis- continued, for the Time such Pits or Vats should not be employed,

shall be made from the monthly Charge by the said Act directed to be made: And Whereas it is expedient to allow any Tanner with Bark to discontinue the making or using a less Number than One fourth of the Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard used with Bark:’ Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall and may be lawful for any such Tanner to discontinue the working or using of any of the Pits or Vats in his or her Tan Yard used with Bark, not less than One eighth of the Number of such Pits or Vats, for such Time only as in the said Act is mentioned, and that a Deduction from the monthly Charge by the said Act directed to be made, shall be made in Proportion to the Number of Cubick Feet in the Pits or Vats so discontinued; subject nevertheless to all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions by the said last recited Act directed, required and appointed to be observed, done and performed by any such Tanners or other Person, in respect to the discontinuing of the using of One fourth of the Number of such Pits or Vats, any Thing in the said last recited Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[See 47 G. 3. 2. c. 48.]

48 G. 3. c. 62. § 1. — but this Section, 53 G. 3. 60. § 1.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Tobacco which shall be imported into or exported from, under or by virtue of

this Act, shall be, and the same is hereby made subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any Tobacco is and may be subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland, on or immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine and Forfeiture, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in Ireland on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, made for securing the Revenue of Customs and Excise, or for the Regulations or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution for and in respect of Tobacco imported into or exported from Ireland, by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, so far as the same

are

Irish Act, 40 G. 3. c. 9.

§6.

Tanners may discontinue the using of One Eighth of the Number of their Pits, &c.

Tobacco im ported into, or exported from, Ireland, subject to the Regulations to which Tobacco is subject by any Act in Force before July 5, 1803.

174

C. 97.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Tobacco of Russia or Turkey may be imported into any enumerated Port in Ireland, and warehoused, and may be exported or entered for Home Consumption, on Payment of like Duties as Tobacco of United States of America, and shalLre-ceivelike Drawbacks on Export, when manufactured.

Commissioners of Revenue may purchase of Persons, Bodies Politic, &c.

are applicable thereto, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

XXVI. And Whereas it hath been found expedient that To *

bacco, being of the Growth or Production of any of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Emperor of, or of

any of the Territories or Dominions belonging to the Ottoman

or Turkish Empire, should be permitted to be imported into 1 Great Britain directly from the said Territories or Dominions respectively, in British built ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, and should be exported from Great Britain in like Manner, and admitted to Entry for Home Trade i or Consumption in Great Britainupon Payment of the same e Duties as Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, and upon the Exportation thereof from Great Britain, after having been manufactured, should be entitled to the like Drawbacks as if manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America: And 4 Whereas it is expedient to admit the Importation and Exportation of such Russia and Tw'kish Tobacco into and from upon the like Terms and Conditions Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall be lawful to import directly from the aforesaid Territories or Dominions of the Emperor of Russia and the Ottoman or Turkish Empire, or through Great Britain respectively, in British or Irish built Ships, owned, navigated and registered according to Law, into any Port of Ireland, being an enumerated Port for the Importation and warehousing of Tobacco, and to enter and land, and to deposit, lodge or secure in any Warehouse or Warehouses, provided according to Law for the Reception of Tobacco in Ireland, any Tobacco being the Growth or Production of any or either of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions; and that such Tobacco may be exported from Ireland in like manner, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in,

on Payment of the like Duties as Tobacco the Growth or Production of the United States of America may be exported from Ireland, or entered for Home Trade or Consumption in Ireland, according to the Laws in Force in Ireland on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three; and the Exporter of such Tobacco, being the Growth or Production of any or either of the aforesaid Territories or Dominions, shall upon the said Tobacco being manufactured in Ireland, and exported according to the Laws in Force in Ireland on and immediately before the said Fifth Day of July One thou-thousand eight hundred and three, be entitled to and allowed such and the like Drawbacks as are severally and respectively allowed upon the same Sorts and Descriptions of Tobacco manufactured from Tobacco of the Growth or Production of the United States of America, and legally exported from '.

XXVII. And Whereas by an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, 4 for better regulating the Collection of His Majesty's Revenue, and for preventing of Frauds therein, it is amongst other Things

enacted,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 97.

175

enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for all Persons, Bodies Lands not ex- Politic and Corporate, in the said Act mentioned and described, ceeding Six < to demise in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned, for any.

4 Term of Years, to His Majesty, or the Commissioners of the Re- ^ousefthere- venue for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as shall on> &C(

be appointed in manner in the said Act mentioned, in Trust for His Majesty, any Lands not exceeding One Acre, Plantation Measure, with the Tenements thereon, and a Road thereto,

without Fine or other Consideration, save only the yearly Rent reserved: And Whereas the Quantity of Land by the said recited Act authorized to be demised, has been found not to be sufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; ’ Be it therefore enacted,

That it shall and may be lawful for all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, in and by the said Act mentioned, described and authorized to demise, in manner as in the said Act is mentioned, and without any Fine or other Consideration, save only the yearly Rent reserved for any Term of Years, to His Majesty, or to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, shall appoint in Trust and to and for the Use of His Majesty, any Land not exceeding the Quantity of Six Acres, Plantation Measure, with the Tenements thereon, together with such Passage or Road as may be necessary to such Tenements, not exceeding Twenty one Feet in Breadth, for the Purpose of building or erecting Light Houses, Watch Houses, and other Buildings, Places, or Accommodations for the Business of the Revenue, subject nevertheless to all the Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions and Conditions, in and by the said last recited Act directed, required or appointed to be observed and performed.

XXVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed this Session of Par- 43 G.3. c. 22.

4liament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain § 24, 25.

4 Duties on Licences to Persons selling Hats, and on Hats sold by Retail, in Ireland, it is amongst other Things enacted, that no Person licensed by the said Act to deal in Hats, shall remove Hats purchased by him from the Shop or Warehouse of a Manufacturer until he shall have furnished to the Commissioners of Stamp Duties such Statement in Writing, and shall have taken out from some One of the said Commissioners such Permit as in and by the said Act are mentioned and directed; And Whereas it is expedient to facilitate the granting of such Permits Be it Commissioners therefore enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it of Stamps may shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of empower Per-Stamp Duties, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to autho- ^tateme^it^ncl rize and empower any Distributor or Distributors of Stamps in is.sue permits to Ireland, or any other Person or Persons to be appointed by the Dealers in Hats, said Commissioners, to receive the Statements and to grant and under recited issue the Permits in the said Act mentioned, subject nevertheless to Act-such Regulations, Provisions, Privileges, Restrictions, Conditions,

Penalties and Forfeitures, and with the like Means and Powers for recovering and applying such Penalties and Forfeitures as are in and by the said recited Act enacted in relation to the Statements directed to be furnished, and to the Permits directed to be granted by any of the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of the said last

recited

176

C. 97, 98, 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

recited Act; and that all Statements furnished to and all Permits

Penalties shall be recovered in Irish Currency as under 14 & 15 Car. 2. c. 8.

Continuance of the Act.

granted by the said Distributors, or other Persons so’appointed by the said Commissioners, under and by virtue of this Act, shall be as good, valid and effectual j to all Intents and Purposes as if such Statements had been furnished to, or such Permits had been granted and issued by the said Commissioners of Stamps, under and by virtue of the said last recited Act; any Thing in the said recited Act, or in any other Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[This Section appears to be virtually repealed, 57 G. 3. 60.]

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and

Forfeitures, by this Act inflicted and created, shall be paid and payable, and received and receivable in Irish Currency, and shall and may (in all Cases where the Recovery and Application of the same is not otherwise directed by this Act) be sued for, recovered, levied and applied, in the like Manner and Form, and by the like Ways and Means, and with the like Powers and Authorities as are prescribed, directed and appointed in and by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the settling of the Excise or neto Impost upon His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, according to

Book of Rates therein inserted, or by any other Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Excise in Ireland, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same were herein particularly mentioned, expressed and enacted, with like Remedy of Appeal for the Party or Parties who shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved or injured, as in and by the said last mentioned Act, or any other Act as aforesaid is provided.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and all the Provisions therein contained, shall continue and be in force until and upon the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four.

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to amend the Acts now in Force, for securing the Collection of the Revenue upon Malt, and for regulating the Trade of a Distiller, in Ireland.[27th July 1803.] [Repealed, 46 0.3. c. 88. § 113.]

CAP. XCIX.

Duties under Management of

Tax Office (Exception) to be levied under this Act.

An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Provisions 4 V-Y and Powers contained in any Acts in relation to the Duties on Windows or Lights, on inhabited Houses, on Servants, Carriages; Horses, Mules’and Dogs, and other the Duties lately transferred to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, should be reduced into One Act of Parliament, and amended in the Particulars herein mentioned Be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 99.

177

Commissioners of Land Tax under

38 G. 3. c. 48.

assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Duties now under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (except the Monies arising from the Aid granted to His Majesty by a Land Tax, by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty) , so far as the same relate to England, Wales and B, shall, from and after the Time hereinafter mentioned for the Commencement of this Act, be assessed, raised, levied and paid, under the Regulations thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to Commence-the Duties before mentioned, shall commence and take Effect from ment of Act. and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four.

III. And Whereas new or other Duties may hereafter be tplaced under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be assessed under the Regulations of this 1 Act; ’ Be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to the said last mentioned Duties, shall be construed to take Effect from and after the Times respectively appointed by the Act or Acts granting such Duties, for the Commencement of the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioners

Commissioner in the Execution of any Act or Acts before men- qualified i tioned, unless such Person shall be duly qualified as required by an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Pintituled ‘ i Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be < raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand

i seven hundred and ninety eight, ' as relates to the Qualification of Commissioners: Provided always, that in respect of the Cities,

Liberties and Places hereinafter mentioned, the Commissioners acting within the same for the Duties before mentioned, shall be qualified as by this Act is directed:Provided also, that no Qualification shall be required for any Commissioner acting for the in Wales, said Duties before mentioned in any other County in than

is required for the Commissioners acting in the Counties of Wales, mentioned in the said last recited Act: Provided also, that no Commissioners Person shall presume to act as such Commissioner without taking acting without the Oaths herein mentioned; and if any Person shall, from and Oath or Quali-after the Time appointed for the Commencement of the Regu- cation> lations of the said Acts before mentioned, or any of them, presume

to act as such Commissioner, without having taken the Oaths hereby prescribed in the Manner required by this Act, or without being qualified as before mentioned, he shall forfeit the Sum of Penalty, 2001. Two hundred Pounds.

[As to Appointment of Clerk to Commissioners, 3 G. 4. c. 88- § 6.]

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable Commissioners

of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of any Act or Acts shall take Oaths before mentioned, unless he shall have first taken the Oaths ap- UI^er pointed by the Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of His 1 -1' c-13‘

late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the further

Security of His Majesty's Person and Government, and the Succession of the Crown in the Heims of the late Princess Sophia, being 43 Geo. III. N,

Qualification

178

Commissioners before acting shall take the Oath in Schedule (A); which shall be subscribed, and sent to the Tax Office.

Commissioners having taken the Oaths, shall administer it to the others.

Qualification of Commissioners in London, Westminster, &c. 50001.

Oath.

Commissioners must be Inhabitants of the District.

Acting without being qualified, <&c.

C. 99. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Protestants, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and his open and secret Abettors.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Commissioner, before he shall execute the Office of such Commissioner, except in administering the Oath hereinafter mentioned to any other of the said Commissioners, shall take and he is hereby required to take the Oath expressed in the Schedule (marked A.) , to this Act annexed, which Oath any One of the Persons so appointed as Commissioners is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person administering the same hath not himself previously taken the said Oath, and which Oath so taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the same, and the Names of all the Persons so subscribing shall forthwith be transmitted to the Office of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes at Somerset House in the County of Middlesex, by the Clerks of the Commissioners respectively wherever such Oaths shall be administered: Provided always, that where any One or more of the Persons so appointed Commissioners acting for any District, shall have qualified himself or themselves to act, by taking the Oaths mentioned in this Act, and such One or more of them shall be present at any Meeting of such Commissioners in the same District, then and in such Case the said Oath shall not be administered to any other Commissoner in the same District, but by a Commissioner or Commissioners present at such Meeting, who shall have previously taken the said Oath.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner within the City of London, and Liberty of Saint Mnor within the City and Liberty of Westminster, nor in or for any other Parish or Place, any Part whereof shall be situate within the Bills of Mortality, or the Parishes of SaintM or Pancras in

the County of Middlesex, unless such Person shall be possessed of Lands, Tenements or personal Estate, or of both together, to the Amount or Value of Five thousand Pounds at least, after the Payment of all his Debts, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which Qualification they shall swear to previous to their acting as aforesaid, according to the Form following; (that is to say,)

i T A.B.do swear [or, affirm, as the Case may ], that

‘ A truly and bondfde I have such an Estate, consisting of cifying the same] of the clear Value of Five thousand Pounds,

over and above what will satisfy and discharge all my Debts.

'So help me GOD. ’

Nor unless he shall be an Inhabitant of the District for which he shall act as a Commissioner; and if any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the Powers herein contained, within the City of London and Liberty of Saint Martin-le-Grand, or within the City and Liberty of Westminster, or in or for any Parish or Place, any Part whereof shall be situate within any other Part of the Bills of Mortality, or in or for the Parish of Saint Mary-le-Bone or Pa?icras, before he

shall have taken such Oath as herein is directed, or without being qualified as herein is required, or without being an Inhabitant in

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 99.

179

the same District for which he shall act as a Commissioner, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; which Oath shall be subscribed by the Party taking the same, and their Names transmitted to the Office for Taxes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Controversy arising between such Commissioners, in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of any Act before mentioned, in which any Commissioner or Commissioners shall be interested in his or their own Right, or concerned in the Controversy in the Right of any Person for whom they shall act as Steward, Agent, Attorney or Solicitor, the Commissioner or Commissioners so interested or concerned shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw during the Debate of such Controversy, until it shall have been determined by the rest of the Commissioners; on Pain that every Commissioner who shall so act in any Matter or Thing in which he or they is or are interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as shall be duly qualified to act in the Execution of the Acts before mentioned, in order to the speedy Execution thereof, shall, in the respective Hundreds, Laths, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards or other Districts, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, in the several Counties, Ridings and Divisions, for which they are or shall be appointed to be Commissioners, meet together yearly and every Year, at the most usual or common Place of Meeting within such Districts, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places respectively, on or before the Tenth Day of April yearly; and any Two or more of them shall hold such Meeting or any other Meeting of Commissioners authorized by this Act, or the Acts before mentioned, and shall be competent to do any Act, Matter or Thing thereby required to be done by such Commissioners; and such Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at the First Meeting to be holden in every Year, or the major Part of them, having qualified themselves by taking or having taken the Oaths in Manner herein directed, shall elect One fit and sufficient Person to be their Clerk, and One other fit and sufficient Person, if the said Commissioners shall deem it necessary, to be his Assistant, for all the Assessments to be made of the several Duties with which the said Commissioners shall be charged within their respective Limits, for One Year, and which Person so elected shall, by virtue of such Election, be the sole Clerk to such Commissioners for all the said Assessments to be made by them for such Year, and which Clerk shall not be removeable from his said Office during the Year for which he shall be appointed as aforesaid, except for just Cause, and at a Meeting of the Commissioners for that Purpose duly summoned by Notice in Writing, signed by Two or more of such Commissioners, and left at the usual Place of Abode of each and every of the Commissioners who shall have qualified as aforesaid, in and for such District, City, Borough, Cinque Port, Town or Place, and by the major Part of the Commissioners present at such Meeting; and such Commissioners shall also at such their first Meeting, direct their several and joint Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants of each Parish, Ward or Place, and such Number of them as they in their Discretion shall think most convenient, to

N 2 be

Penalty, 2001-

Commissioners interested shall have no Voice in Controversies.

Penalty, 50l.

First Meeting of Commissioners shall be annually on or before April 10.

Two Commissioners sufficient to act.

Election of Clerk and Assistant:

To remain for One Year, removable only for just Cause, and at a Special Meeting.

Commissioners to issue Precepts, and at the Second Meeting ap-.

180

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

point and in- be Presenters and Assessors for such Parish, Ward or Place, re-struct Assessors, quiring them to appear before the Commissioners at such Place and at such Time, not exceeding Ten Days after the Date of their Precepts, as they shall appoint; and at such their Appearances the Commissioners, or so many of them as shall meet at such their Second Meeting, shall appoint such of the said Inhabitants as they shall think proper to be the Assessors for such Parish or Place of the several Duties with which the said Commissioners shall be charged as aforesaid, for One Year; and at the same Time shall openly read or cause to be read unto them the several Duties for which they are to be appointed Assessors, and openly declare the Effect of their Charge unto them, and how and in what Manner they ought and should make their Certificate and Assessments of Assessors to the said several Duties; and shall then and there appoint another bring in Assess- Day, within the Time hereinafter limited, for the said Persons to ments on Oath; appear before the said Commissioners, and bring in their Certificates of Assessments of the said several Duties in W riting under their Hands, which shall be verified upon their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, and not otherwise, which said Assessors are hereby strictly enjoined and required, with all Care and Diligence, to charge and assess themselves and all other Persons chargeable with the said Duties so given to them in Charge, and to make their Assessments according to the Provisions of the Laws then in Force, upon Pain of Forfeiture of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds; and at the Time and Place so as aforesaid prefixed for their Appearance, such Assessors shall return the Names of Two or more able and sufficient Persons, within the Bounds or Limits of those Parishes or Places for which they shall be Assessors respectively, to the said Commissioners, to be by them appointed Collectors of the several Duties to be raised and assessed by them as such Commissioners.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person to be appointed such Assessor, shall, before he shall take upon him the Execution of the said Employment, take the Oaths mentioned and required to be taken by an Act made in the Parliament held in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths; or, being one of the People called Quakers, may make and subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity prescribed by an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for exempting Their Majesty's Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Latvs; which Oaths or Affirmations any

may administer One or more of the Commissioners by whom such Assessors shall at s, c.un er appoint^ who shall themselves have taken the Oaths required by this Act to be taken by Commissioners, have hereby Power and are hereby required to administer, as also all and every such other Oaths or Affirmations as are by this Act, or any Act or Acts relating to Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, required or allowed to be taken before such Commissioners, by any Officer or Person whatever, in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of this Act, or any Act or Acts granting the said Duties as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person to

be appointed

this Act.

Before acting. Assessors shall

and charge Persons liable.

[Penalty.]

Assessors to return Names of Persons to be Collectors.

Assessors to take Oaths, &c. under 1 W. & M. sess. 1. c. 8. or subscribe Declaration under 1 W. & M. sess. 1. c. 18.

Commissioners

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 99.

181

pointed such Assessor, shall and he is hereby required also to take also take Oath in the Oath, or being one of the People called, to make and Schedule (B.)

subscribe the solemn Affirmation, before the Commissioners for executing this Act, in the Form set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, (marked B.); and if any Person to be appointed Assessor as aforesaid, shall presume to act in the Office or Employment of an Assessor, before he shall have taken the said Oath or Affirmation, (as the Case shall require,) he shall forfeit and pay Penalty, 501. for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases the Assessors Assessors shall so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall from time to time make and annually deliver deliver in Writing their Certificates of Assessments of all the oj.s^"nts on Duties given to them in Charge as aforesaid, unto the respective juue 5. Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, on or before the

Fifth Day of June yearly, or as soon after as conveniently can be done; and the Commissioners to whom such Assessments shall be so delivered, or any Two or more of them, shall forthwith set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, testifying their Allowance of the same: and the said Commissioners, or any Two or Commissioners more of them, are hereby required to sign and seal Three Dupli- to sign Assess-cates of the said Assessments to be prepared by their Clerk, and eut> and forthwith to nominate and appoint Two of the Persons named or ^ite^ind^de" presented in each of such Assessments to be Collectors, or any i/ver one to other Two such Persons as such Commissioners are hereby autho- Assessors, with rized to appoint, for the respective Divisions and Places for which Warrants for Collectors shall be so presented, and to deliver or cause to be de- collecting* and livered One of the said Duplicates of such Assessments so by the ve?o, !er *° Sur~ said Commissioners allowed, together with Warrants under the 5 Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Commissioners for collecting the same, unto the respective Persons by them nominated to be Collectors; and One other of the said Duplicates to the Surveyor of the District for the time being; and the Third of the said Duplicates to be kept by such Clerk for the Use of the said Commissioners; and the said Collectors are hereby enjoined and Collectors to required to make Demand of the several Sums contained in such demand Duties Duplicates, from the Parties charged therewith, or at the Places ^a^after due of their last Abode, or on the Premises charged with the Assess- anYgiv^Ac-1^’ merit, as the Case may require, within Ten Days after the said quittances. Duties shall respectively become payable, next after such Assessments shall have been delivered to them; and upon Payment thereof to give Acquittances under their Hands, (without taking any Thing for such Acquittances, the Stamp Duty for the same excepted,) unto the several Persons who shall pay the same; and that such Acquittances shall be full and perfect Discharges to every such Person who shall pay the same, against His Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That such Persons as shall be How Collector* presented to the said Commissioners, as before directed, to be slla!1 §ive Se~ Collectors, shall, if required so to do, give good and sufficient cunty *

Security to any Two or more of such Commissioners equal to the

Amount of the whole Duty, and Sum and Sums of Money assessed in, and to be collected in each District or Place as aforesaid, by such Collectors respectively, for their duly paying such Monies assessed as aforesaid, as shall come to their Hands, and for their

N 3 duly

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

182

Appointment of new Collectors.

Proceedings against Sureties,

No Stamps.

Collectors without Security.

Inhabitants, &c. of Parishes may require Security to be taken from Collectors, and name Persons willing to give .such Security.

In which Case no Collectors shall be appointed without Security.

Within the Bills of Mortality,

duly demanding the Sums assessed of the respective Persons from whom the same are payable; and in case of Nonpayment thereof, their duly enforcing the Powers of this Act against such who make Default, which Security the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to take, by a joint and several Bond, with Two Sureties at the least, to and in the Names of any Two or more of such Commissioners, in such penal Sum as aforesaid, and with a Condition thereto to the Effect before mentioned; and on Failure of the Persons so first named or appointed to be Collectors giving such Security, if required, the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall be at Liberty and are hereby authorized to appoint any other sufficient Persons, who can give such Security as aforesaid, residing within the Limit of the said District or Place, to be Collectors of the said Duties respectively; and every such Bond given by way of such Security as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted by such Commissioners on any Failure or Default of the said Collector or Collectors:Provided always, that no such Bond shall be put in Suit against any Surety or Sureties for any Deficiency other than what shall remain unsatisfied after Sale of the Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors, in pursuance and by virtue of the Directions and Powers given to the respective Commissioners by this Act: Provided also, that such Bond shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty whatever:Provided always, that if no Persons can be found within the Limits of such Districts or Places respectively, who are willing or able to give such Security, then and in such Case the Persons who were first presented to the respective Commissioners as before directed (a) , shall be Collectors of the Monies assessed as aforesaid, within the Limits of such Districts or Places respectively. (a) [Sect. 9. See Indemnity for

Unstamped Boiids, 50 G. 3. c. 35. §11.]

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Two or more of the Inhabitants of the District or Place for which a Collector or Collectors may be named as aforesaid, being respectively charged to any of the said Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, or the Churchwardens or Overseers, or Guardians of the Poor of any Description, or any Two or more of them, or the Select Vestry, or any Seven or more of them, where a Select Vestry shall be authorized to act for any Parish or Place, shall require Security to be taken of the Collector or Collectors to be appointed for the Parish or Place on Behalf of which such Application shall be made, and shall name a fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Collector or Collectors who respectively are willing to give such Security, it shall not be lawful for such Commissioners to appoint Collectors for such Duties, or any of them, until such Security be given; and if the Person or Persons returned to the said Commissioners according to this Act to be a Collector or Collectors, shall not have given or shall not give such Security, then it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to appoint such Persons and no others, who shall have been named to them by the Persons respectively before mentioned, as fit and proper Persons to be Collectors, and who will give such Security as shall be required.

XV. And be it further enacted, That within the Bills of Mortality,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 9. 183

to the resident Commissioners:

or, in Default of resident Com-

the Parishes of SaintMary-le-Bone and Saint Pancras in &c. Appoint-the County of Middlesex, the Appointment of the Collectors of ment of Collec-such Duties as aforesaid, shall belong wholly to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall reside in the Wards or Parishes for which such Collectors respectively are to be appointed, in case there shall be Two or more Commissioners there resident, and no other Commissioner shall in such Case interfere; and it shall be lawful for such Commissioners residing within the respective Wards or Parishes aforesaid to appoint Two or more Persons to be Collectors, who shall have given such Security as aforesaid, whether such Persons shall have been presented by the Assessors as aforesaid, or named by the Inhabitants, or Churchwardens and Overseers or Guardians of the Poor, or any Two or more of them, or any Seven or more of the Vestry where a Select Vestry shall be appointed as aforesaid, and who shall be thought by such Commissioners to be of Ability to execute the Office of Collector; and that in Default of presenting or naming such Persons who shall be willing to give such Security, then the said Commissioners residing as aforesaid shall name such Persons as they shall think of Ability to execute the said Office:Provided always, that where Two or more Commissioners shall not be resident in any such Ward or Parish :ic aforesaid, for which Collectors Commissioners are to be appointed, then a Commissioner or Commissioners re- of adjacent siding in any adjacent Ward or Parish in the same County or City, Parish, may appoint or concur with a Commissioner so residing, in the Appointment of such Collectors; and every Person appointed a Collectors to Collector in pursuance of this Act, shall also, by virtue of such act as Assessors. Appointment, act as an Assessor for the same Parish, Ward or Place.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Assessor or Col- Assessors, &c. lector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse refusing Office, to take upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Collector, to or neg'ect*ao which he shall be appointed, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to uty’ perform his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this Act, or

of any Act or Acts granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, for which he shall be appointed an Assessor or Collector, such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, may and shall, by virtue of this Act, impose on such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, for every such Offence, a Fine Penalty, not exceeding Twenty Pounds:Provided, that no Person inhabit- Inhabitants not mg any Cit}r, Borough or Town Corporate, shall be compelled to compelled to be be an Assessor or Collector for any Part of such Duties, in any Assessors or Place or Places out of the Limits of the City, Borough or Town of°L^ out Corporate, in which he shall so inhabit.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all privileged and in Extraparo-

other Places being Extraparochial, and not within the Constable- chial Places, wicks or Precincts of the respective Assessors to be appointed as &c. in Default aforesaid, and in all Parishes and Places where Two able and suffi- of sufficient Indent Inhabitants cannot be found, the said Commissioners, or any ^y~

Two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to no- appoint Asses-minate and appoint Two fit Persons, living in or near the said pri- sors and Collec-vileged or other Places as aforesaid, to be Assessors for the said tors.

Places, and to make and return their said Assessments in like

Manner as by this Act is directed, -in any Parish or Place, and also in like Manner and in the like Cases to appoint One or more

N 4 Collector

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

181

In Default of Assessors, Surveyors may perform their Duly.

How far Commissioners, &c. executing Acts, liable to Penalties.

Inspectors and Surveyors acting, to be Inspectors, &c. under this Act.

His Majesty or Treasury may appoint Officers for Survey and Inspection of Duties under Tax Office.

Surveyors to certify Surcharges Twice a Year.

Notice,

Collector or Collectors, who are hereby required to collect and pay the Sums given to them in charge, according to the Rules prescribed by this Act, for collecting and paying the Sums of Money assessed in any Parish or Place.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Commissioners shall neglect to appoint Assessors as directed by this Act, or in case the Assessors by them appointed shall neglect to perform what shall be lawfully required of them, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, to do and perform such and the like Services as ought to be done by such Assessors, until such Assessors shall be appointed, and shall act with Effect.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, Assessor or Collector who shall be employed in the Execution of any such Act or Acts herein mentioned, or of this Act, shall be liable, for or by Reason of such Execution, or any Penalty or Penalties, other than such as by this Act, or the said Act or Acts, are or may be inflicted.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who as Inspectors or Surveyors, are or may be authorized to act in the Execution of any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of passing of this Act, shall also be the Inspectors and Surveyors to Act in the Execution of this Act, and of the said Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, whether such Persons be appointed by the Name of Inspectors, Expectant Inspectors or Surveyors, either for any particular District, or for vacant Districts, or otherwise, by whatever Name they shall have been or shall be appointed; and it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, or the High Treasurer for the time being, from Time to Time, to constitute and appoint such Person or Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer, for the time being, shall think proper, to be the Officers for the Survey and Inspection of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, and for doing and executing all Things belonging to the Office of Inspector or Surveyor, according to the Powers vested in them by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts for granting the said Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, or any of them.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall Twice in every Year, to wit, between the First Day of July and the Tenth Day of August following, and between the First Day of December and the Tenth Day of January following, yearly, and at no other Times, certify in Writing to Two or more of the said Commissioners all such Surcharges as they may lawfully make, and shall give or cause to be given to every Person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode in the District where such Surcharge shall be made, Notice in Writing of such Surcharge, and of the Amount for which he or she shall have been charged by virtue of such Certificate.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 99. 185

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall omit to make a Surcharge on or before the First Day of August in any Year, it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, to make such Surcharge or Surcharges on or before the First Day of January following, for the whole Year.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall knowingly or wilfully, through Favour, under-rate or omit to charge any Person or Persons, or shall be guilty of any corrupt, vexatious and illegal Practices in the Execution of his Office, such Surveyor or Inspector shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds; and on Conviction shall be discharged from his said Employment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves respectively overcharged or over-rated by any Assessment or Surcharge to be made by virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts before mentioned, it shall be lawful for him, her or them respectively, to appeal to the Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Act or Acts, in relation to such Assessment, on giving at the least Ten Days’ Notice thereof to the said Surveyor or Inspector, or to One or more of the Assessors of the Place wherein such Assessment or Surcharge shall be made, of such Intention to appeal; and the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals, except where it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Person appealing shall have omitted to give such Notice thereof to the proper Officer aforesaid, in which Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to dismiss the Appeal, and to confirm the Assessment or Surcharge appealed against.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Assessment which shall be delivered to such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, by any such Assessor or Assessors, shall be altered by them or any of them, before the Time for hearing and determining Appeals, and then only upon a Surcharge or Surcharges not appealed against, and according to such Surcharge or Surcharges, or upon the Commissioners hearing the Matter of Appeal particular!}' relating thereto, upon a General Appeal Day duly appointed, save and except in such Cases only where such Commissioners are specially authorized to alter or rectify any such Assessment by the Act or Acts before mentioned; and if any Clerk to such Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, shall alter, or cause or procure or suffer to be altered, any Assessment, after the same shall have been allowed by such Commissioners, except as aforesaid, or in Cases of Appeal, and by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, made after Appeal as aforesaid, every such Clerk or other Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not, upon the Hearing any such Appeal, make an Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge made upon any Person by Assessment, or by the Surcharge of any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, as

aforesaid,

Surcharges omitted before Aug. 1. may be made before Jan. 1. following.

Surveyor acting corruptly, &c. Penalty, 1001. and Forfeiture of Office.

Appeal from Surcharge,

Notice to Surveyor, &c.

In Default of Notice, Assessment confirmed.

Assessments shall not be altered before the Time for hearing Appeals, (exception.)

Clerks, &c. unduly altering Assessment,

Penalty, 50l.

Commissioners, on hearing Appeals, shall not make Abatement, unless Party overrated, and

186

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

produces a proper List or Return on Oath.

Surveyor, &c. may attend in Support of the Assessment or Surcharge, &c.

Commissioners may increase the Charge.

No Counsel, &c. before Commissioners.

Commissioners to give Notice of Times and Places for Appeals to Collectors, who shall cause public Notice to be given in Church, &c.

Appeals shall be heard and determined within certain Periods.

aforesaid, but the Charge or Surcharge shall stand good and remain Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall, upon the Hearing of such Appeal, appear to the Commissioners then present, or the major Part of them, by Examination of the Appellant upon Oath or Affirmation, or by other lawful Evidence to be produced by him or her, that such Person is over-rated in or by any such Assessment or Surcharge, and unless the Appellant shall produce before the said Commissioners, a true, perfect and complete List, Account, Declaration or Return, as shall or may be required by the Act or Acts before mentioned, and verify the same upon his or her Oath or Affirmation; and such Surveyor, or Inspector and Assessor, may then and there attend to give* his or their Reasons in Support of the said Assessment or Surcharge, and may, if he or they think proper, produce any lawful Evidence in Support of the same; and such Surveyor, Inspector and Assessor, shall have full Power and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such respective Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the same:Provided always, if upon such Appeal it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Persons so assessed or surcharged, is or ought to be charged to any Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Assessment or Surcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to charge such Person to the Matter or Thing, or Amount of the Sum omitted, in like Manner and at the like Rate as they might have done, if a full, true and perfect Assessment had been made in the first Instance: Provided also, that no Barrister, Solicitor or Attorney, or an}r Person practising the Law, shall be allowed to plead before the said Commissioners on such Appeal for the Appellant or Officers, either viva Voce or by Writing.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall and they are hereby required to give such Collectors as aforesaid, Notice at what Time or Times, within the Periods herein limited, and at what Place or Places, the Appeals of any Person or Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as aforesaid, may be heard and determined; and every such Collector is also hereby required, within Ten Days after such Notice from the said Commissioners, to cause public Notice to be given in every Parish Church or Chapel of Ease belonging to any such Parish within his District or Division, immediately after Divine Service on the Lord’s Day (if Divine Service shall be performed in the said Parish within that Time) , or otherwise in the Church of the next adjoining Parish, of the Time and Place so appointed by such Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals as aforesaid, and shall also cause the like Notice to be fixed in Writing upon the Door of each of the said respective Parish Churches or Chapels of Ease, that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as aforesaid, may know when and where to make their Appeal to the said Commissioners.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Appeals as shall be made to such Commissioners, and of which Notice shall have been given to the Assessor, Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, between the First Day of July and the Twentieth Day of

August, yearly, shall be heard and determined by the said Com-& 13 missioners

A.D. 180S.

43° GEO. III. C. 99.

187

missioners upon such Days as shall by them be appointed for the Hearing of such Appeals, between the Twentieth Day of August and the Twentieth Day of September following; and that all such other Appeals as shall be made to the said Commissioners, and of which like Notice shall have been given between the First Day of December and the Twentieth Day of January following, yearly, shall be heard and determined by such Commissioners upon such other Days as shall be appointed by them for the Hearing thereof, between the Twentieth Day of January and the Tenth Day of February following, yearly; and no Appeal shall be allowed, heard or determined, which shall not be made at the Times and in Manner before directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, or the major Part of them present on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing of Appeals, shall be final; and neither the Determination of the Commissioners, nor the Assessment then and there made thereupon, shall be altered on any Pretence whatever at any subsequent Meeting, or at any other Time or Place, except always in such Cases where the Opinion of the Judges shall be required according to the Provisions of any Act or Acts concerning the same.

XXX. And Whereas it may happen that the Assessments and Duplicates of the said Duties may not be signed and allowed in due Time, to the Prejudice of the said Revenue, for want of a sufficient Number of Commissioners acting or attending where and when such Assessments or Duplicates ought to be allowed; ’ Be it further enacted, That in all Cases it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners appointed for putting any Act or Acts relating to the said Duties in Execution, living in any Parish or Place within the same County, Riding or Division, and they are hereby empowered and required to allow and sign such Assessments or Duplicates which are or shall be wanting for any such Parishes or Places as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time there shall not have been any Meeting or Meetings of Two or more of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of any of the Powers created by this Act, or the Act or Acts before mentioned, within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by this Act, or the said Act or Acts, it shall be lawful to and for any Two or more of the Persons appointed Commissioners, and they are hereby required, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports and Towns respectively, in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith, or as soon as may be after the Time or Times at which such Meetings should have been held, and such Powers should have been executed, to meet and execute the same, and cause the same to be executed, so as that all the Duties by Law payable on Assessment be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors;

Determination on Appeals final, (exception.)

Assessments and Duplicates not signed in due Time, Commissioners may allow them.

When Commissioners do not meet within the Time prescribed, they may meet and act at other Times.

188

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

On Failure of Appointment of Assessors or Collectors, Two Justices or a Chief Magistrate and Justices, &c. may appoint them.

Penalty, 501.

Collectors on Payment of the Duties being refused, shall distrain without further Warrant,

ih.4c.

and sell Distress, if Duties not paid within Four Days.

cessors; and all such Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if in any Parish, Ward

or Place, in that part of Great Britain as aforesaid, any Failure shall happen in the Appointment of the Assessor or Assessors, or Collector or Collectors, whereby the Assessments or Collection of the Duties is likely to be delayed, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace of any County in that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, the Ridings of York, or Divisions of, when-

ever such Failure shall happen in any Parish, Ward or Place within such County, Riding or Division, or in any Town or Place adjoining thereto, such Town or Place not being a County of itself herein mentioned, and for the Chief Magistrate and Justices of the Peace of any City, Town or Place, being a County of itself, and they and every of them, on Notice of such Default to be given by the Surveyor, are strictly enjoined and required to appoint an Assessor or Assessors, or a Collector or Collectors, as the Case may require, observing therein the Rules and Regulations prescribed by this Act for the Appointment of such respective Officers by Commissioners; and if any Person appointed by the Justices or Magistrates as aforesaid, to be an Assessor or Collector, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to take upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Collector, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the speedy and faithful Execution of his Office; or if any Person so appointed to be an Assessor shall neglect or refuse to take the Oath or Affirmation directed to be taken by Assessors by this -Act, as the Case may require, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay the several Sum and Sums charged upon him, her or them, by any Act or Acts granting the Duties herein mentioned, or any other Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, upon Demand made by the Collector or Collectors of the Division or Place, according to the Precepts or Estreats to him or them delivered by such Commissioners, it shall be lawful to and for such Collector and Collectors, or any of them, who are hereby respectively thereunto authorized and required, for Nonpayment thereof, to distrain upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Premises, charged with any Sum or Sums of Money, or to distrain the Person or Persons so charged, by his or their Goods and Chattels and all such other Goods and Chattels as~they are hereby authorizedTTo distrain, without any further Authority from the Commissioners for that Purpose, than the Warrant to such Collector or Collectors delivered at the Time of his or their Appointment; and the Distress so taken to keep by the Space of Four Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Party so refusing; and if the said Party doth not pay the respective Sums of Money so due, within the said Four Days, then the said Distress to be appraised by Two or more of the Inhabitants where the said Distress is taken, or other sufficient Persons, and there to be sold by the said Officer for Payment of the said Money, and the Overplus coming by the said Distress (if any there be) after deducting

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 99.

189

the said Money, and also the Costs and Charges of taking, keeping and selling the said Distress, which Costs and Charges the said Officer is hereby authorized to retain, to be restored to the Owner thereof; and moreover it shall be lawful, in such Case, to break open in the Day Time any House, upon Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of the said Commissioners obtained for that Purpose, calling to their Assistance the Constable, Tithing-man or Headborough, within the Counties, Shires, Stewartries, Cities, Towns and Places, where any Refusal, Neglect or Resistance shall be made, which said Officers are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in the Premises, as they will answer the contrary at their Peril; and if any Person or Persons appointed to pay any of the Duties charged by any Act or Acts as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Sum or Sums so appointed to be paid, by the Space of Ten Days after Demand as aforesaid, where no sufficient Distress can or may be found whereby the same may be levied, then and in every such Case, Two or more of such Commissioners are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Persons to the Common Gaol, there to be kept, without Bail or Main prize, until Payment shall be made; and if any Question or Difference shall arise upon taking such Distress, the same shall be determined and ended by Two or more of such AIogimissioners. ~y a. j e-. kfafc /ugsZ, .

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That noThing~ herein contained shall be construed to restrain the said Commissioners, or any of them, from acting as Commissioners in any Part of the County, Riding, Division or Place, for which they are appointed; and that all Warrants and Precepts of the said Commissioners, shall and may be executed by the respective Persons to whom the same are directed, in any Part of the same County, Riding, Division or Place, for which they are appointed.

XXXV. And Whereas it may frequently happen that Persons quitting their Dwelling Houses or Places of Residence, may ‘ remove to other Parishes or Places without first discharging or 1 paying the Duties charged upon him, her or them, whereby the < said Duties made payable by this Act will be lost, unless such Person or Persons so removing can, after such Removal, be compelled to pay the same Be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting by Virtue of this Act, within such Parish or Place where such Duties are charged upon and unpaid by the Person or Persons removing as aforesaid, shall sign and cause to be transmitted a Certificate thereof to the Commissioners acting within the Parish or Place where the Person or Persons making such Default of Payment shall happen to reside, which Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered to raise and levy the said Duties charged upon the Party or Parties removed as aforesaid, and cause the Monies so raised and levied to be paid to the Collector of the Parish or Place from whence the said Person or Persons did remove, so as the same may be paid and applied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Parish or Place shall be in Two or more Counties, Ridings or Divisions, the Duties charged or to be charged in or for such Parish or Place shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected and paid, by and under

the

Collectors breaking open Houses, having a Warrant and Constable.

If no sufficient Distress, imprisonment.

Questions on Distress determinable by Two Commissioners.

Comi

: ommissioners may act, and Warrants be executed, in any Part of County, &c.

On Removal of Persons not having paid the Duties, Commissioners to certify to Commissioners of the Place where the Party resides, who shall levy and pay over the Amount.

How Duties assessed where Parishes or Places are in Two Counties,

190

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

or Houses situated in Two Parishes.

No Goods shall be taken on any Process except for Rent, unless the Party suing shall pay the Arrears of Taxes, not exceeding One Year.

the Commissioners acting for that Part of the said Parish or Place where the Church or other Place of public Worship aforesaid shall be situate, and that the Whole of such Parish or Place shall be deemed for the Purposes of this Act to be situate in such County, Riding or Division, wherein such Church or other Place ot public Worship shall be situate, and also where any Dwelling House or any other Premises occupied therewith hereby charged, shall be situate in Two or more Parishes, Wards or Places, the whole Duties to be charged thereon shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected and paid in One of the said Parishes, Wards or Places only, and the Party so charged shall be relieved from any second Assessment made thereon, or any Part thereof, as in other Cases of double Assessments.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods or Chattels whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons at the Time any of the said Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act became in arrear, shall be liable to be taken by Virtue of any Execution or other Process, Warrant or Authority, or by Virtue of any Assignment, on any Account or Pretence whatever, except at the Suit of the Landlord for Rent, unless the Party at whose Suit the said Execution or Seizure shall be sued out or made, or to whom such Assignment shall be made, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods or Chattels, pay or cause to be paid to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties so due, all Arrears of the said Duties which shall be due at the Time of seizing such Goods or Chattels, or which shall be payable for the Year in which such Seizure shall be made, provided the Duties shall not. be claimed for more than One Year; and in case the said Duties shall be claimed for more than One Year, then the said Party at whose Instance such Seizure shall have been made, paying the said Collector or Collectors the aforesaid Duties due for One

whole Year, may proceed in his Seizure as he might have done if no Duties had been so claimed; but in case of Refusal to pay the said Duties, the said Collector or Collectors are hereby authorized and required to distrain such Goods and Chattels notwithstanding such Seizure or Assignment, and proceed to the Sale thereof according to this Act, in Order to obtain Payment of the Whole of the said Duties so assessed, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and every such Collector so doing shall be indemnified by Virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Methods and Things, which by any Act or Acts Bankrupts, ime. concerning Bankrupts, or concerning the Method of recovering Rent, &c. and ^Rent in Arrear, are given or granted to any Creditors, Lessors or '-^'Landlords respectively, and all the Powers and Provisions of an 27 G.2. c. 20. Act passed -m the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King

George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy and effectual Proceeding upon Distress to be made by of Jus-

tices of the Peace; and also of another Act, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act to authorize Justices to impose Fines upon, Overseers

and other Peace and Parish Officers, for Neglect of Duty, Masters of Apprentices for ill Usage of such their Apprentices, and also to make Provision for the Execut ion of Warrants of Distress granted

On Refusal the Collectors may distrain, and sell the Goods for the whole Arrears.

Powers of Acts relating; to

27 G and 33 G.3. c. 55. may be used by Commissioners, &c in recovering Arrears.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

0. 99.

191

by Magistrates, as far as the same Powers of the said last mentioned

Act relate to the Execution of Warrants of Distress granted by Justices of the Peace, shall be used and practised by such respective Commissioners, and by any Collector, Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, acting under the Authority of such Commissioners, for the recovering and securing any Arrears of such Duties, as are to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, over and above the Powers, Remedies, Rules and Regulations, contained in this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same Remedies, Advantages, Powers, Provisions, Methods and Things were particularly and severally repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Quarter of a Year appointed for the Payment of the Sums assessed, or any Part thereof, or within One Calendar Month thereafter, or at such other Times as they shall think expedient, but nevertheless Twice at least; , on or before the First

Day of November and the First Day of following in every

Year, and so from Time to Time as often as shall be necessary, the several and respective Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution, or any Two or more of them, within their District, shall and are hereby empowered and required to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed within each Parish or Place, as the Case may require, and to examine him or them upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, and assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been collected and paid to such Collector or Collectors of the Duties given to them, or any of them in charge, and to make such Order therein for the Payment of the same to the Receiver General, on the Day or Time appointed for receiving the same, as they shall judge necessary; and also to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes thereof; and also, upon such Oath or Affirmation, to examine the said Collector or Collectors touching the due Payment over of any Sum collected by him or them in any preceding Part of the same Year, and in every such Case to make such Order therein as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required, in every Year, to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed in each Parish, Ward or Place in any former Year, where any Sum or Sums of the Duties charged by Virtue of any Act or Acts before mentioned, shall be in Arrear or unpaid to the Receiver General, and to examine the said Collector or Collectors on such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money collected by him or them, and of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and also the Sum or Sums paid over to the Receiver General, and of the Sums remaining in the Hands of the said Collector or Collectors, and to make such Order therein as they shall judge necessary to prevent any Failure in the Payment in any Part of the Assessment charged by Virtue of any such Act or Acts, and so from Time to Time as long as any of the Arrears of the said Duties, or any of them charged upon any of the said Parishes, Wards or Places shall be in Arrear; and the respective Receivers General, Inspectors and Surveyors, shall, when required so to do, be assisting to such Commissioners in their Inquiry in all Matters relating to their respective Offices.

Commissioners, quarterly or twice a Year at least, to examine Collectors on Oath as to Sums collected and paid to Receiver General; also as to the Amount of Arrears, and Cause thereof;

and also the Collector of any former Year.

Receivers General, &c. to assist Commissioners.

192

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Collectors neglecting Duty dismissed, and Commissi oners may appoint others.

Collectors dismissed, refusing to deliver to new Collector the Certificates of Assessments, &c.

Penalty, 501.

Collectors refusing to attend Commissioners with Assessments, &c.

Penalty, 50l.

Where Monies are not recovered from Collectors under Warrant of Commissioners,

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any wilful Delay or Failure shall happen in demanding, receiving, recovering or paying over any Monies of the Duties assessed as aforesaid, through the Default or Neglect of any Collector or Collectors, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to revoke the Appointment of such Collector or Collectors so in Default or neglecting as aforesaid, and by Indorsement on the same Precept or Precepts of Appointment, or otherwise by their Precept, to appoint a Collector or Collectors in his or their Stead for the Remainder of the Year, with full Power to collect the Arrears of the Sums then due; and it shall also be lawful for such Commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary, to revoke such last mentioned Appointment, and to appoint a Collector or Collectors in like Manner, from Time to Time, and as often as any such Collector or Collectors shall be guilty of such Default or Neglect, provided Security be taken, if required, as in the Case of an original Appointment, and provided the like Security be taken on every such new Appointment as shall have been required to be taken on the Appointment of Collectors at the Commencement of any Year, as hereinbefore is mentioned; and such Collector or Collectors so in Default as aforesaid, shall on the Demand of such Commissioners, deliver up to them or in their Presence to the Collector or Collectors newly appointed, all such Certificates of Assessments which he or they were charged to collect, and all Accounts of Receipts and Vouchers of Payment as aforesaid, and also shall pay to the Receiver General all Sums then in his or their Hands, at such Time as such Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person after such Removal from the Office of Collector, shall refuse or neglect to do any Matter or Thing required by this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be charged in any Assessment of such Duties as aforesaid, for such Parish, Ward or Place, and recovered as such Assessment may be recovered; and shall also remain liable to such other Forfeitures and Disabilities that may be incurred by Virtue of this Act, for detaining the said Monies in his Hands after such Demand made of the same as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector being duly summoned, shall refuse to attend such respective Commissioners, or shall not answer all such lawful Questions as shall be demanded of him by such Commissioners, touching the Execution of his Office of Collector, or shall refuse or neglect to produce to them the Certificates of Assessments, Accounts or Vouchers of such Receipts or Payments as aforesaid, or shall not obey the Order of such Commissioners to be made as before directed, every such Collector shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be charged upon him in any Assessment as aforesaid, and to be recovered as such Assessment may be recovered, over and above any Forfeiture or Disability that may be incurred by Virtue of this Act for detaining Monies of the said Duties in his Hands, contrary to this Act; and whenever any Money of the said Duties herein mentioned shall be detained in the Hands of any Collector or Collectors, or any Penalty or Penalties imposed on any Collector or Collectors shall remain unpaid, and the same, or any Part thereof, cannot be recovered by or under the Warrant

or

A.D. 1803.

GEO. III. C. 99.

193

or Authority of the respective Commissioners, or the said re- the Araount spective Commissioners shall neglect to issue such Warrant, then shall be reco-such Part thereof as cannot be so recovered, which shall have ^rable asa arisen from the said Duties, shall be recoverable as a Debt upon RecordP&c Record to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with all ’

Costs and Charges attending the same; and such Part thereof which shall arise from any Penalty as aforesaid, may be recovered by Action or Information, as other Penalties may by this Act be recovered, with full Costs of Suit; and the Sum so recovered shall be paid to the Receiver General, in Aid of the Parish or Place answerable for the same.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Collectors, when Collector or Collectors appointed for any Parish, Ward or Place p5uirf^ as aforesaid, when required so to do by the Churchwardens and &cUsbandeHver Overseers or Guardians of the Poor, or any Two of them, or the a Statement of select Vestry as aforesaid, or any Seven of them, shall deliver to their Account, them respectively an Account in Writing of the Sums received by such Collector or Collectors, and of the Sums in Arrear, and of the Sums remaining in his or their Hands, and also of the Sums paid to the Receiver General; and if any Collector shall refuse or Penalty, 20I. neglect so to do, within Fourteen Days after such Demand shall be made, he shall forfeit and pay to the Use of the Poor of such Parish or Place, where such Collector shall reside, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector to be If Collectors do appointed as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to demand Payment not (}emand of all Sums of Money given in charge to such Collector of the ^cted^ w respective Persons chargeable therewith, or leave a Demand in or m De-Writing at their respective Places of last Abode, or on the Premi- fault of Pay-ses, charged with the Assessment, as the Case may require, nient, proceed within the Time herein limited; or in case of Default of Paj’ment w*tb*n Two thereof upon such Demand, shall neglect or refuse to execute the ^allaim^for Warrant or Precept of the Commissioners for recovering the same, Defaulters. within Two Calendar Months after the said Duties are payable, as by this Act is directed, it shall not be lawful for such Collector to insert in the Schedule to be by the Receiver General returned into the Exchequer, the Name of such Person as having made Default of Payment of any of the Sums rated or assessed on such Person, but the Parish, Ward or Place respectively for which such Collector shall have been appointed, shall be answerable for the same, in the Manner directed by any Act or Acts for granting the said Duties herein mentioned.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Collector appointed Collectors not for any Parish, Ward or Place, shall be allowed to insert in any to insert in any Schedule the Name of any Person to be returned into the Ex- Schedule to be chequer as not having paid the Duties made payable by any Act th^Exchequer or Acts herein mentioned, unless such Collector shall make Oath, any person as a or, being One of the People called Quakers, shall make and sub- Defaulter, unscribe a solemn Affirmation before Two Commissioners (who re- less upon path spectively shall certify the said Oath or Affirmation on the said to certain Schedule) , that the Sum for which such Person is so returned in alUcu ars* Default, is due and wholly unpaid, either to such Collector, or to any other Person or Persons for such Collector, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and that such Person became Insolvent or

194

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Collectors to make Returns, on Oath, of Defaulters.

Commissioners, after Examination of Collectors, to make out Schedules of particulars herein mentioned, and deliver same to Receiver General to be returned into Exchequer.

In Default thereof Receiver General to return Parish

insuper.

Collector neglecting to

Bankrupt before the Day on which the Duties became payable, and had not Goods and Chattels sufficient whereon to raise and levy such Duties within the Parish, Ward or Place, for which such Collector shall have been appointed at any Time since such Duties became payable, or that such Person removed from the Parish, Ward or Place for which such Collector shall have been appointed before the Day on which such Duties became payable, without leaving therein sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon such Duties then payable could be raised and levied, and that there were not nor are any Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of such Duties in Arrear, or any Part thereof, whereby the same, or any Part thereof, could or might be raised or levied, which Oath or Affirmation shall be indorsed on such Schedule.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors appointed as aforesaid shall make a due Return fairly written on Paper, under their Hands, to such Commissioners, containing the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode of every Person within their respective Collections, from whom such Collector or Collectors shall not have been able to collect or receive such Duties for any of the Causes before mentioned, and which shall have been duly verified on the Oath of such Collector as aforesaid, and the particular Reason for returning each Defaulter, and the Sum and Sums charged upon every such Person; and such Commissioners, after due Examination thereof on the Oaths or Affirmations as aforesaid of the Collectors, shall ascertain the Sums which, according to the Provisions of any of the said Acts herein mentioned, shall have been discharged from Assessment for any Cause therein specially allowed; and the said Commissioners shall also make out their Schedules containing the Sums so discharged, and the Sums with which each and every such Defaulter ought to be charged, and the Sums which shall not have been collected by Occasion of the Collector’s Neglect, and which ought to be reassessed on the Parish, Ward or Place as aforesaid, and shall cause the said several Particulars to be inserted in a Schedule fairly written on Parchment, under the Hands and Seals of such Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, containing the Names and Surnames of the said Collectors, and the same to be delivered to the Receiver General, to be returned by such Receiver General into His Majesty's said Court of Exchequer, whereupon every Person so making Default of Payment, and each Parish, Ward or Place, so in Default, may be charged by Process of Court according to the Course thereof in that Behalf; and in Default of such Schedule made out according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Receiver General, and he is hereby required to return every such Parish, Ward or Place insuper, for all Sums not paid to the Receiver General, and contained in the Duplicate of Assessment to him delivered, and all such Sums so returned shall in such Case be reassessed on such Parish, Ward or Place; and all and every the proper Officers therein concerned shall and they are hereby required to take Care, from time to time, that such Process be duly issued and made effectual, so that all such Sums as shall be in Arrear and unpaid as aforesaid, may be speedily recovered and paid into His Majesty's Exchequer; and if any such Collector shall

A.D. 1803.

43° GEO. III. C. 99.

195

neglect or refuse to make such Return in Manner before directed, every such Collector shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners aforesaid, shall cause Two Duplicates of every Assessment to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, within One Month at farthest after the Tenth Day of February, after the making the said Assessment yearly, and One of them to be delivered unto the respective Receivers General, and the other of them transmitted into the Office of King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer, for which Duplicates the proper Officer shall give Acquittances gratis, so as every of them may be duly charged to answer their respective Collections and Receipts, and the said Duplicates shall be made for the same Hundreds, Rapes, Laths, Wapentakes, Wards, Parishes or Places, or Divisions, for which distinct Duplicates are directed to be made out, or may be made by virtue of the said recited Act for granting an Aid by a Land Tax before mentioned; and every such Duplicate shall contain the Names and Surnames of the several Assessors and Collectors for every Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, Ward, Parish or Place, or other Division, and the full Amount of the Sums given in charge to the Collectors throughout the whole Year, shall be inserted without any Discharge, Diminution or Defalcation on any Pretence whatever; and if any Clerk to such Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Duplicates as aforesaid, within the Time and in Manner hereinbefore directed, or shall make any false Entry, or omit any Sum or Sums in such Duplicates, every such Clerk shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and on Conviction thereof shall be discharged from his said Office.

[Time for making out Duplicates, en-

larged, 50 G. 3. c. 105. § 5.]

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Failure of assessing or charging the said Duties, in any Parish, Ward or Place, or of returning the Duplicates of the Assessments made for any such Parish, Ward or Place, or of raising or paying the several Sums charged upon any Person or Persons in any such Parish, Ward or Place, within the respective Times limited by this Act, the Receiver General acting for the Duties charged or to be charged on such Parish, Ward or Place, shall and may at any Time after such Failure hath happened, certify to the Barons of the Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the particular Parish and Parishes, Ward or Wards, or Place and Places, and the particular Division where any such Failure hath happened, and the Cause thereof to the best of his Knowledge, together with the Names of the Commissioners appointed as aforesaid to act for the Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, City, Ward, Town or Place, or the Division wherein such Failure hath happened, or any Two or more of them residing within such Division, Hundred, Rape, Lath, Wapentake, City, Ward, Town or Place, and also the Names of the Assessors and Collectors, and the several Persons belonging to such Parish or Place charged to such Duties, and who shall have made Failure in the Payment thereof, in case an Assessment shall have been made, which said Commissioners, Assessors and Collectors, and any Person or Persons charged with such Duties, shall be respectively liable to Process for such Neglect by the Order of such

O 2 Barons,

make Returns, Penalty,

Commissioners to cause two Duplicates of Assessments to be made out yearly. One for Receiver General, and the Other for Remembrancer’s Office.

45 G. 3. c. 71.

What Duplif cates are to contain.

Clerks neglecting to make out Duplicates, &c. Penalty, 1001. and Dismissal.

On Failure in assessing Duties or returning Duplicates, Receiver General to certify to Court of Exchequer, with Names of Commissioners, Assessors, &c. who shall be respectively liable to Process by Distringas, on Application of Tax Office, who shall certify Compliance with the Act, &c.

196

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Collectors shall pay the Amount of the Duties to the Receiver General or his Deputy, of whose Appointment Notice shall be given to Commissioners.

Receivers General to give Receipts to Cob lectors gratis.

Receiver General to hasten Collectors, and in Default levy upon Collectors' Goods.

Collectors travelling.

Barons, according to the Exigency of the Case, which Process shall be by Writ of Distringas, to be forthwith and from time to time, as there shall be Occasion, issued out of the said Court on the Application of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, against such of the said Commissioners, Officers or Persons, who shall have made such Failure; upon which Writ of, the

Sheriff or other Officer to whom the same shall be directed shall return such Issues as the said Court shall order at the Return of such Writ, and immediate Process shall thereupon issue for levying the same, out of and under the Seal of the said Court of Exchequer, unless the said Commissioners fov the Affairs of Taxes shall certify to the said Court, if in the Term Time, or to any One of the said Barons, if in the Vacation, that the Commissioners, Officers and other Persons, against whom such Writ issued, have complied with the Directions of this Act, in which case it shall be lawful for such Court or Baron to cause such Process to be respited till a future Day, and so from time to time, or to be finally discharged.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies of the Duties herein mentioned, to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall, at such Times as shall be appointed for the Payment thereof, be paid by the particular Collectors who shall collect the same, unto the Receiver General now or for the time being, appointed by His Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, or by the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to receive the same, or the Deputy or Deputies of such Receiver General, (a) to be appointed under his Hand and Seal, and whom he is hereby authorized to appoint, and for whom he shall be answerable, whereof Notice shall be given by the Receiver General unto the Commissioners or any Two or more of them, within their respective Districts, within Twenty Days after the First Meeting, yearly, and so from time to time, within Twenty Days after every Death or Removal of any Deputy, whenever any such shall happen; and the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall give Receipts gratis to the said Collectors for all Monies by them received in pursuance of such Act or Acts; and the Receipt of such Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector.

(a) [Repealed as to Deputies, 3 G. 4. c. 88. § 1.]

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, are hereby empowered and required to call upon and hasten the Collectors to make the Payments of all Sums received by them of such Duties as aforesaid; and in Default of such Payment, to cause the same to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of such Commissioners, upon the Collectors, by Distress and Sale of his or their Goods and Chattels, such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they hath or have received, and as ought by him or them to have been paid, and is not paid.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the particular Collectors for Payment of any Sums by them received, unto such Receiver General or his Deputy, shall not be obliged to travel above Ten Miles from the Place of their Habitations.

A.D. 180 '

43° GEO. III. C. 9

197

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Collector or Collectors of any of the Duties herein mentioned, shall collect or gather the same by any Rate or Book, other than such Rate and Book as shall be signed and allowed by such Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Two or more of them; and that in case any such Collector or Collectors shall collect the same by any other Rate or Book, or shall receive such Duties from any Person or Persons not charged therewith, or shall collect from any Person or Persons more Money than is actually charged in such Rate or Book, and not pay the whole Money by him collected, or fraudulently alter any such Rate or Book, after the same hath been signed and allowed by such Commissioners as aforesaid, every such Collector or Collectors shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors shall neglect or refuse to pay any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be by him or them received as aforesaid, as in and by this Act is directed, and shall detain in his or their Hands any Money received by them or any of them, and not pay the same at such Time as by this Act is directed, or shall have wilfully refused to give an Account to such Commissioners as aforesaid, of the Sums by him or them collected in Manner before directed, the said respective Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, in their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby authorized and empowered to imprison the Person, and seize and secure the Estate, as well Freehold as Copyhold, and all other Estate, both Real and Personal, of such Collector or Collectors to him or them belonging, or which shall descend or come into the Hands or Possession of his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, wheresoever the same can be discovered and found; and such Commissioners who shall so seize and secure the Estate of any Collector or Collectors, shall and are hereby empowered to appoint a Time for a Meeting of the Commissioners for such Division, City, Town or Place, and there to cause public Notice to be given of the Place where such Meeting shall be appointed, Ten Days at least before such Meeting; and the Commissioners present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, in case the Accounts of such Collector be not duly delivered, or the Monies detained by any such Collector or Collectors be not paid or satisfied, as ought to be done according to the Directions of this Act, shall be and are hereby empowered and required to sell and dispose of all such Estates which shall be for the Cause aforesaid seized and secured, or any Part of them, to satisfy and pay into the Hands of the Receiver General the Sum that shall not be so accounted for, or shall be so detained in the Hands of such Collector or Collectors, their Heirs, Executors or Administrators respectively, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of recovering, raising and paying the same; which Costs and Charges shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners, and the Overplus (if any) shall be restored to the Person who owned the Estate before the Sale thereof.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That at every Time and Place appointed by the Commissioners of the District, for the Collectors to pay in the Monies to be paid to the Receiver General or his

O 3 Deputy,

Collectors gathering by a false Book, receiving more than due, of fraudulently altering Rate,

Penalty, lOOl.

Collectors refusing to pay Duties received by .them, or to deliver their Accounts, Imprisonment, their Estate and Effects seized; and at a Meeting on Notice Commissioners may sell the said Estate, &c.

How produce of Sale applied.

Receiver General to deliver Certificates of Sums received

198

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

[Penalty.]

Receivers General shall pay

Exchequer.

by him in each Deputy, the said Receiver General or his Deputy, under his Hand, Parish. shall deliver a List or Certificate fairly written, to such Person as such

Commissioners or any Two or more of them, or the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall under their Hands authorize and appoint to attend then and there for that Purpose, containing the several and respective Sums of Money then and there or before that Time paid by the respective Collectors for each Parish, Ward or Place in that District; and in case there shall be any Refusal or Neglect in delivering such Lists or Certificates as aforesaid, such Receiver General "or his Deputy so refusing or neglecting, shall forfeit any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Receivers General shall pay the several Sums of Money by them received, Monies received as soon after the Receipt thereof as conveniently can be done, and by them mto the at such Times and in such Manner as shall be directed under the Authority of this Act; and in case such Receiver General or his Deputy shall pay any Part of the Monies paid to him or them by any Collector, to any Person or Persons whatsoever other than into the Receipt of His Majesty's said Exchequer, and at or within the respective Times limited by this Act, (except the necessary Charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying and accounting for the same, as is hereinafter directed, and except such Payments as shall be made by Authority of any Act or Acts of Parliament,) then such Receiver General shall for every such Offence of himself or his Deputy forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no such Receiver General,

., or any Heirs, Executors or Administrators of such Receiver, shall

wUWnIT\voSSe *n any Accounts of the Monies wherewith such Receivers shall be Years) not to chargeable as aforesaid (unless such Account shall be declared and passed in the Exchequer, within Two Years at the furthest after the End of the Year for which such Rates and Duties shall be payable) , be allowed or admitted to set or charge any

County, Division or Place for any Monies granted by any Act or Acts herein mentioned, which shall be in Arrear and unpaid, but that the same shall remain a Debt upon every such Receiver, to be answered by him and his Securities, his and their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Lands, Tenements, Goods and Chattels respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And to the Intent the Receivers General may return a ‘ true Account into His Majesty's Court of Exchequer of such ‘ Sums of Money as shall be received by them and every of their Deputy and Deputies; ’ Be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver General shall return or certify unto the said Court any Sum or Sums of Money to be in Arrear or unpaid, after the same bave'been received either by such Receiver General or his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, or shall cause any Person or Persons to be set insuper in the said Court for any Sum or Sums of Money that have been so received, that then every such Receiver General shall forfeit to every Person and Persons that shall be molested, vexed or damaged by reason of such unjust Certificate, Return or setting insuper, Double the Damages that shall be thereby occasioned,

Penalty 5001.

Receiver General (unless

return any County, &c. insuper for Arrears, but shall himself remain answerable.

Receiver General returning any Sums in Arrear or insuper, after he has received the same.

[Penalty.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 99.

199

casioned, the said Damages to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than One Imparlance, and shall also forfeit to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, Double the Sum that shall be so unjustly certified or returned, or cause to be set insujper, to be recovered as other Penalties may be recovered by this Act.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Receiver General shall die or be removed, Notice thereof shall be given by the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to Two or more Commissioners acting for each District in the County or Place for which such Receiver was appointed, before the Time appointed for the next Quarterly Payment of any of the Duties herein mentioned, and so from time to time upon the Death or Removal of such Receiver General.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no such Receiver General, or any of his Agent or Agents, Servant or Servants by him employed for carrying any of the Monies to be received for or on account of any of the Duties herein mentioned, shall maintain any Action or Actions against any Hundred or Hundreds for or upon account of his or their being robbed on the King’s Highway of any of the said Monies, unless the Person or Persons carrying or accompanying the Person or Persons carrying such Monies shall at the Time of such Robbery be together in Company, and be in Number Three at the least, to attest the Truth of his or their being so robbed; any Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen and other His Majesty's Officers, shall and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act, and of every Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, and to obey and execute such Precepts and Warrants as shall be to them directed in that Behalf by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Two or more of them.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter wilfully obstruct any Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors in the due Execution of his or their said Office or Offices, Duty or Duties respectively, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Receivers General, their Deputy and Deputies, Surveyors, Inspectors and all other Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall observe and follow such Orders, Instructions and Directions as they shall from time to time receive from the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, or the High Treasurer for the time being.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of all pecuniar}^ Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations

0 4 of

Tax Office to give Notice of Death or Removal of Receivers General,

Receiver General not to maintain Action against Hundred, upon account of being so robbed, unless Three Persons in Company.

Constables, &c. to be aiding in Execution of Act.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty, 501.

Receivers General, &c. shall follow Instructions, &c. of the Treasury.

Application of Penalties sued for within Twelve Months.

200

c. 99.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

of this Act, may if sued for within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Time of such Penalties being incurred, in Manner herein next mentioned, be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid, except where any Penalty is or shall be directed to be paid to the Use of the Poor of any Parish; and all such Penalties may be sued for in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster for Offences committed in England or Berwick-upon-Tweed, or in the Courts of Great Sessions in, for Offences committed in Wales, by Action of Debt or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; but nevertheless it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Attorney General, in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that any Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of Fraud, to stay all further Proceedings in such Suits or Prosecutions by entering a Noli 'prosequi or otherwise, with respect as well as to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to His Majesty.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Penal^s°notf suc^ Penalty or Forfeiture shall be recoverable in the Name of His sued for*within Majesty's Attorney General, on the Part of His Majesty, by In-Twelve JVTonths . formation in the Court of Exchequer at; and in

Default of Prosecution within the Time hereinbefore limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall be afterwards recoverable in any other Manner, in all which Cases, (except where the same is directed to be paid to the Use of the Poor of any Parish or Place) , the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the proper Receiver General or his PenaitieiTre Deputy, to the Use of His Majesty; and that in all Cases where covered for His the Whole of such pecuniary Penalty or Forfeiture shall be re- Majesty's Use, covered for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, it may be given to shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to Informers. cause such Reward as they shall think lit, not exceeding One Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Penalties not

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all exceeding 201. such pecuniary Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds imposed recoverable be- by ^ct, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, may be recoverable before Two

missioners, and _ , 3 . J, .

or more Commissioners lor executing this Act; and also such of the Penalties exceeding Twenty Pounds as are directed to be added to the Assessment of the Duties in any Parish, Ward or Place in the District where the Offence shall be committed; and such Commissioners shall take Cognizance of such Offence upon Information or Complaint in Writing made to them, and upon a

Summons

also Penalties exceeding that Amount, if directed to be added to the Assessments.

Attorney General may stay Proceedings.

Recovery and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 99.

201

Summons to the Party accused to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as they shall fix, or without such Summons, in case the Party or Parties shall have been surcharged before the said Commissioners and shall have appealed against the same, and shall appear upon such Appeal before the said Commissioners, and such Commissioners shall examine into the Matter of Fact and proceed to hear and determine the same in a summary Way; and upon Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused or by the Oath or solemn Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise as the Case may require, to give Judgment for the Penalty, or for such Part thereof to which Part thereof the said Commissioners shall think proper to mitigate the same, not being in any Case less than One Moiety of such Penalties, and to assess the same upon the Party, and charge the same in the Assessment to which the Penalty adjudged shall particularly relate, and in Addition to the Duty, in case the Party shall be charged therewith, and which Penalties so adjudged shall be levied in like Manner as the said Duties; and the Informer or Informers shall in all such Cases, (except where the Penalty is to be paid to the Poor of any Parish or Place, in which case the Receiver General shall pay the same to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, or One of them) , be entitled to receive from the Receiver General One Moiety of the Amount of such Penalties in such Shares, where Two or more of them are concerned, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall certify to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes they are respectively entitled unto, and the said Adjudication of the Commissioners shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without Power of appealing from the same; and the Proceedings of the Commissioners shall not be removable by any Process whatever into any Court of Law or Equity, or be subject to Revision, except in such Cases where a Surcharge shall be made, and a Case shall be demanded and stated for the Opinion of One of the Justices or Barons of the superior Courts, conformably to the Directions contained in any Act or Acts, granting the Duties to which such Surcharges shall relate.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon any Examination on Oath or Affirmation shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affirmation or Affidavit, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, before the Commissioners for executing this Act, or any of them, touching any Matter or Thing within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be prosecuted for the same; and every such Person or Persons being convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the same Punishment and Disqualifications as Persons are subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws and Statutes of the Realm of England.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That any Indictment or Information for Perjury committed in any such Examination, Affidavit or Deposition whereon the same shall be made, shall and may be laid, tried and determined in the County where the same shall be i exhibited

Commissioners may mitigate Penalties to One Moiety.

Informers may receive a Proportion of Penalties.

Proceedings of Commissioners not subject to Revision, (exception.)

Giving false Evidence before Commissioners, Perjury.

Indictment for Perjury tried in the County where Deposition exhibited.

202

Books of Assessments, and all other Books and Papers relative to the Duties, declared to be the Property of the Commissioners of the Districts for the time being, and so in Succession.

Persons having Books or Papers relating to Duties to deliver same to Persons appointed by Tax Office.

C. 99. 43° GEO. til. A.D. 1803.

exhibited to the Commissioners in pursuance of this Act or the said Act or Acts before mentioned.

LXVII. And Whereas many Difficulties and Inconveniencies have arisen to the Commissioners for the time being, acting in the Execution of the several Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be levied by them, and many like Difficulties may arise to the Commissioners for the time being, acting in the Execution of this Act, or any other Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, in levying the Duties by the said Acts made payable, upon the Death or Removal of their respective Clerks, into whose Custody all the Duplicates of the several Books of Assessments, Minute Books, and other Books and Papers relating to the Business of the said several Duties in their respective Divisions have been delivered; such Clerks so removed, or the Executors or Administrators, or legal Representatives of such Clerk so dying, frequently refusing to deliver over such Duplicates, Books and Papers to the said Commissioners for the time being, or to their Order or Appointment, under a Pretence that the said Commissioners have no Property in the same, and are without Remedy for the Recovery thereof Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Duplicates of the several Books of Assessments which have been or shall be made and delivered by the respective Assessors of the said several Duties, to the Commissioners in any Division or Place, or to their respective Clerks for the time being, and which are or shall be in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of such Commissioners or Clerks respectively, and all Minute Books and other public Books and Papers relating to the said several Duties in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of any such Clerk or Clerks who hath or have been or shall be removed from such Office or Offices, or in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of the Executors, Administrators or other legal Representatives of any Person or Persons who hath or have died, or shall die during his or their holding such Office or Offices, or after his or their Removal from the same, or in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of his or their respective Agent or Attorney, or of any other Person or Persons soever, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said several Duties, acting in the respective Divisions or Places for the time being, and in Succession, as Records of and belonging to them the said Commissioners for their Use and Inspection, and shall be placed and deposited with and remain in the Custody, Keeping and Possession of them the said Commissioners, or their respective Clerks for the time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them for the time being, shall from time to time at their Meetings order, direct or appoint.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatever now or at any Time hereafter having in his or their Custody, Keeping or Possession, any such Books or Papers aforesaid, relating to the said several Duties in this Act mentioned, shall within the Space of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing, signed by Three or more of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, (a true Copy thereof being given to or left at

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C.

203

the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons) , deliver and give up all such Books and Papers unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes by such Notice shall order and appoint, whose Receipt of the same shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Person or Persons so delivering such Books and Papers; and if any such Person or Persons now or at any Time hereafter having in his or their Custody, Keeping or Possession, any such Books or Papers, shall refuse or neglect to deliver the same within the Time limited by such Notice, and Demand made, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all such Books and Papers shall be delivered by the Person or Persons so appointed to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall think proper, for the effectual and speedy Execution of the Powers by this Act granted.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulation of this Act, shall be liable for or by reason of such Execution, to any of the Penalties mentioned in an Act, made in the Twenty fifth Year of King Charles the Second for preventing of Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any Act for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and no Writ or Process shall be sued out for the Commencement of such Action or Suit, until One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to, or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, by the Attorney or Agent for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in which Notice shall be clearly and completely contained, the Cause and Causes of Action, the Name and Place or Places of Abode of the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and of his or their Attorney or Agent, and no Evidence shall be given on the Trial of such Action or Suit of any Cause or Causes of Action, than such as is or are contained in such Notice; and the intended Defendant or Defendants to whom such Notice shall have been delivered, may at any Time before the Expiration of such Calendar Month, tender Amends to the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, his or their Attorney or Agent, and in case such Amends are not accepted, may plead such Tender in Bar to any Action or Suit, to be brought against him or them, grounded on such Notice, Writ or Process; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and also such Tender, and any other Plea with leave of the Court in Bar of such Action or Suit; and may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his or their Action or Suit after the Defendant

Penalty, 50l. Persons receiving same to deliver them to Commissioners under this Act.

Commissioners not liable to Penalties in 25 Car.2. c. 2.

Limitation of Actions, Six Months.

Notice of Action.

Tender of Amends may be pleaded in Bar.

General Issue.

204.

C. 99.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Treble Costs.

Actions against Collectors defended by Commissioners.

Costs defrayed by Assessment.

fendant or Defendants shall have appeared; and if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Case to recover Costs by Law; and every such Action or Suit which shall be brought against any Collector or Collectors appointed under this Act, shall be defended by the Commissioners acting for the Division or Place where such Collector shall have been appointed, and the Costs and Charges attending the same, as also any other Action or Suit to be brought by or against Commissioners or Collectors in pursuance of this Act, or for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any Act for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be defrayed by an Assessment made on the Parish or Place for which such Collector or Collectors shall have been appointed, in a just Proportion to the Amount of the Duties payable under this Act, on the respective Persons charged to the same in the Assessment to be made next after the Time when the said Costs and Charges shall have been incurred.

SCHEDULE (A.)

The Form of the OATH required to be taken by Commissioners, before they act in the Execution of this Act. J A.B.do swear, That I will truly, faithfully, impartially and

9honestly, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner, by an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Acf], or by any other Act or Acts, granting to His Majesty any Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of the said Act, and that I will judge and determine upon all Appeals, and all other Matters and Things which shall be brought before me as a Commissioner under the said Acts, or any of them, without Favour or Affection. So help me GOD.

SCHEDULE (B.)

The Form of the OATH or AFFIRMATION required to be taken by Assessors, before they act in Execution of this Act.

I A.B. do swear, [or, affirm, as the Case That I

will diligently execute the Office of an Assessor, to which I am appointed by Authority of an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act"], and that in the Assessment which I am required to make by any other Act or Acts, granting to His Majesty any Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of the said Act, I will faithfully and honestly act without Favour or Affection, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

[Amended, 45 G. 3. c. 5. As to see cap. 150, post.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 100 — 102.

CAP. C.

An Act to render more effectual two Acts, (a) made in this present Session of Parliament, for the more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britai, and for raising an additional Military Force for the better Defence of the United Kingdom.

[27th July 1803.]

(a) [43 G.3. c. 50. § 9. 14. and 43 3. c. 82.

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for more speedily completing the Militia of Great Britain, raised under Two passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present and

for amending the said Acts, it is among other Things enacted,

that every ballotted Man to be enrolled to serve in the Militia of Great Britain should, previous to his Enrolment, be examined upon Oath before the Deputy Lieutenants as to his Residence, Age and Family; and that if any Person should refuse to be examined as to his Fitness to serve in the Militia, such Person might be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding One Week;

And Whereas Doubts have arisen upon the true Construction of the said Act Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every ballotted Man who shall have been or shall hereafter be ballotted to serve in the Militia of Great Britain, and who shall have refused or shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, as directed by the said Act, and shall have been or shall be imprisoned on account of refusing to be examined as to his Fitness to serve in the Militia, shall, notwithstanding, be liable to be enrolled to serve in the said Militia, if he shall appear to the Deputy Lieutenants a proper Person to be so enrolled, in such and the like Manner, and under the like Penalties and Provisions as are enacted in any of the Militia Laws of Great Britain; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Repealed (except § 1.) 56 3. c. 64. § 1.]

CAP. Cl.

An Act for raising in the City of, a certain Number

of Men as an Addition to the Military Force of Great tain, for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War.

[27th 1803.]

[Repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 144.]

CAP. CII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds, towards defraying the Expence of making an Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea, by Inverness and Fort W, and for taking the necessary Steps towards executing the same.

[27th July 1803.] [See 44 G. 3. c. 62.]

205

Every Man balloted to serve in the Militia, who si jail be imprisoned for refusing to be examined, shall be liable to be enrolled if fit to serve.

EXP.

EXP.

206

C. 103 — 105.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

EXP.

EXP.

31 G.3. c. 30.

§ 10. (Tab. C.)

Quantity of Wheat, &e. in recited Act may be exported to Guernsey, &c. from any other Port in England than Southampton.

But no such Article exported without Certificate of Collector and Comptroller of Southampton, &c.

Cap. cm.

An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom without Payment of Duties, under certain Restrictions, for a limited Time.

[27th 1803.]

CAP. CIV.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled Act for enlarging the Period for the Payment of Part of certain Sums of Money advanced by way of Loan to several Persons with

and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent.

[27th 1803.]

CAP. CV.

An Act to permit the Exportation, for Two Years, of a certain Quantity of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Pulse, to the Islands of, Jersey and,

from other Ports in E?igland as well as the Port of Southampton, under certain Restrictions.

[27th July 1803.] -

\y^7HEKEA.S! by an Act passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for regulating the Importation and Exportation of and the

Payment of the Duty on Foreign Corn, and of the

Bounty on British Corn exported, Nine thousand eight hundred Quarters of Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley or Bread, Biscuit or Pease were allowed to be exported to the Islands of Guernsey.

£ Jersey and Alderney, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, the ‘ Exportation whereof was confined to the Port of Southampton only: And Whereas it will greatly tend to the more regular Supply of the said Islands if the Exportation of such Corn, Grain,

‘ Meal, Flour or Bread was permitted to be made from other Ports;

‘ and it is desirable also that the Permission should extend to Beans and Oats May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Period of Two Years after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons to export the Whole or any Part of such Quantity of Wheat, Wheat Meal or Flour, Rye, Barley or Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans and Oats, to the said Islands from any other Port or Ports in England as well as the said Port of Southampton; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That during such Period as aforesaid, no such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans or Oats, shall be exported from the said Port of Southampton, or any other Port or Ports, unless under the Certificate of the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the said Port of Southampton, who are hereby required to grant such Certificate, and to specify in every such Certificate the Quantity and Sort of Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans

or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 105, 106.

207

or Oats intended to be exported under the same, the Time within which the same shall be exported, such Time in no Case exceeding a Fortnight from the Time of granting such Certificate, and a Description of the Vessel in which the same is intended to be exported; and the Person or Persons to whom such Certificate shall be given, shall produce or cause to be produced such Certificate to the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the Port from which such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans or Oats is so to be exported, who shall thereupon take Bond for the due Exportation thereof according to the Provisions of the said recited Act.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the Exportation from England to the said Islands of any greater Quantity in the Whole of such Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, Pease, Beans or Oats, than such Quantity of Nine thousand eight hundred Quarters as aforesaid; or to authorize the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs of the said Port of -ampton to grant Certificates for any greater Quantity in the Whole, than such Nine thousand eight hundred Quarters as aforesaid.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Restrictions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said recited Act contained, in relation to the Exportation of the said Corn, Grain, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Pulse, to the said Islands of Guernsey, Jersey and Alderney, shall, so far as the same are not altered by this Act, and can be made applicable to the Provisions of this Act, be applied to such Exportation as aforesaid under this Act, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein severally and separately repeated and re-enacted.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall remain and

continue in Force for Two Years from the passing thereof, and no longer.

[Made perpetual, 45 G. 3. c. 68. § 4*. — See 46 G. 3.

c. 97. § 4.]

CAP. CVI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest free) to Incumbents of Benefices there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect or purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence; and to purchase Glebe Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices; and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS, in many Parts of Irelathere are no Mansion or Glebe Houses fit and convenient for the Residence of the respective Incumbents, in or on their several Parishes or Benefices; and it would greatly tend to encourage the ‘ Erection of proper Buildings for the Residence of such Incumbents, if the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in Ireland were enabled to advance Sums of Money out of the ‘ Monies entrusted to their Disposal, from time to time, by way of Loan, to such Incumbents for such Purpose, and if full Provision

Quantity allowed for Exportation not to exceed 9800 Quarters.

Provisions of recited Act extended to this Act.

[Continuance of Act.]

208

C. 106.

43° GEO. III.

AJY 1803.

The Board of First Fruits may lend out of their Funds certain Sums to Incumbents for building Glebe Houses and Offices.

Incumbents and their Successors shall repay Money lent, by annual Instalments.

At what Time Successor shall become chargeable.

were made for Repayment of such Loan by Instalments, ‘ without Interest, by Means whereof in course of Time all the Parishes and Benefices in Ireland might be provided with Glebe

Houses for the Residence of the respective Incumbents Be it

therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in, from

time to time, and in such Proportion as they shall think proper, to lend and advance, out of the Funds entrusted to their Care, to the Incumbent of any Benefice, Parish or Union of Parishes, who shall apply for the Aid and Assistance intended to be given by this Act, any Sum of Money not exceeding Two Years Net Income of such Benefice, Parish or Union, to be applied to the Purposes of building a Mansion or Glebe House and Offices, and making other Improvements, or in the Purchase of Houses already built, for the fit and suitable Habitation and Residence of such Incumbent and his Successors, or in the Purchase of Glebe or Demesne Lands fit and convenient for the Erection of such Glebe Houses and Offices.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Incumbent of every

such Benefice, Parish or Union of Parishes, to whom any such Money shall be so advanced, or in case of his Death or Removal before the Repayment of the whole Sum so advanced, his Successor or Successors for the time being shall, and he and they is and are hereby severally required and bound to repay to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, or their Treasurer, so much of the said Sum as shall become due, by Instalment during their respective Incumbencies in Manner following; that is to say, Six Pounds per Centum of the Sum so advanced on the First Day

of July next after the Expiration of One Year from the Day on

which the last Sum advanced to such Incumbent, for the Purpose aforesaid, shall have been so advanced and lent, (or within Twenty one Days after); Six Pounds per Centum more of the Sum advanced on the First Day of July in every succeeding Year (or within Twenty one Days after) , until Ninety six Pounds Centum of the Sum so advanced shall be repaid; and Four Pounds Centum more of the Sum so advanced on the First Day of

(or within Twenty one Days after) , in the Year succeeding that in which the last Instalment of Six Pounds per, making in

the Whole Ninety six Pounds per, shall have been paid as

before mentioned.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed a Successor, so as to be charged by or under this Act, who shall die or be removed within the Space of One Year from the Death or Removal of the Incumbent immediately preceding him:Provided also, that no Successor shall in any case be liable to pay any such Instalment before the First Day of July next, after he shall have so become a Successor, chargeable under this Act, nor to pay any more than One such Instalment on such First Day of July, notwithstanding that more than One Year may have intervened between the Death or Removal of the last Incumbent who had been chargeable with the Payment of any Instalments under this Act, and such First Day of July Provided also,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 106.

209

that no Interest shall be paid for or upon any Sum so advanced by the said Trustees or Commissioners of the First Fruits, or for or upon any Part thereof, unless the Payment of the said Instalments shall be deferred beyond the Day on which they shall have severally become due and payable.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in order to enforce the punctual and regular Discharge and Payment of such Sums as shall be so lent and advanced in pursuance and by virtue of the Provisions of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits for the time being, and they are hereby required to take and receive, previous to the advancing of any Sum of Money to any Incumbent as aforesaid, a Bond from such Incumbent, binding himself, his Heirs, Executors and Administrators, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in a Penalty amounting to Double the Sum advanced, conditioned for the Payment to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits of all such Instalments of the said Sums at the several Times hereinbefore mentioned, as may severally become due during his Incumbency, with legal Interest on such Instalments respectively, from the respective Times when each Instalment ought to be paid, until the actual Payment thereof; which Bond shall have the same Force and Effect as Bonds to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and for his Use, have, by virtue of an Act passed in Ireland in the Twenty first and Twenty second Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more speedy and effectual Recovery of the Kings Debts; and Suits shall and may be prosecuted and carried on upon such Bonds, by the Orders and under the Directions of the said Commissioners, for Recovery of the Money which shall be due thereon, in such and the same Manner as Suits on Bonds to the King’s Majesty may be prosecuted by virtue of the said Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced by the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits, to any such Incumbent as aforesaid, shall be, from the Time of advancing any Part thereof, a Charge on all the Glebe Lands, Tithes, Rents, Moduses, Composition for Tithes, Salaries, Stipends, Fees, Gratuities, and all other Ecclesiastical Emoluments and Profits whatsoever, arising or to arise from the Benefice, Parish or Union of which such Person or Persons shall be Incumbent as aforesaid; and in case Default shall be made in the regular Discharge of any of the said Payments, or any Part thereof, on the Days appointed for Payment thereof, by such Incumbent or by his Successor or Successors, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary of the Diocese wherein such Living, Benefice, Parish or Union shall be, to sequester the said Glebe Lands, Tithes, Rents, Moduses, Composition for Tithes, Salaries, Stipends, Fees, Gratuities, and all other Ecclesiastical Emoluments and Profits whatsoever, or such Part or Parts thereof as he shall deem to be fully sufficient for the Purpose; and to put a Sequestrator, to be named by and on Behalf of the said Trustees, into the full Possession thereof, and Perception of all the Profits thereof, to hold until the said Trustees shall have fully paid, to the Fund wherewith they shall be entrusted, all such Sums of Money as shall be then due for any such Instalment as aforesaid, together with

43 Geo. III. P lawful

No Interest payable, unless on Default of Instalments.

Incumbents shall give Bond to the Board for Payment of the Instalments,

Sec,

Recoverable as under 21 & 22 G.3. c. 20. (I.)

All Sums to be advanced shall be a Charge on all the Eccles-siastical Emoluments of the Benefice.

In Default of Repayment, the Ordinary may sequester, and put a Sequestrator, to be named by the Board, into Possession of the Profits until Repayment with Costs.

210

C. 106.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

On Application by the Board, Lord Chancellor shall issue a Writ of Assistance to Sheriff to keep Sequestrator in Possession.

Upon Repayment, Redelivery of the Glebe, &c. shall be made to Incumbent.

Ordinary may direct Account’ if necessary.

Account of Sum lent shall be stated in the Certificate of Archbishop, &c. to charge the Successor.

On Avoidance of Benefice before the whole Sum advanced, Successor shall

lawful Interest for the same, from the Time when every such Instalment ought to have been paid, the Costs of insuring the Premises against Fire, Sequestrator’s Fees, and all other Costs, Charges and Expences whatsoever attending such Sequestration as aforesaid, and the entering into such Possession by Receipt, Enjoyment and Perception of the said Rents and Profits of such Benefice, Parish or Union and in case any Difficulty shall arise in obtaining or in retaining quiet Possession by such Sequestrator as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to apply, by Petition in a summary Way, to the Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being, who shall thereupon cause a Writ of Assistance to be issued under the Great Seal, directed to the Sheriff of the County, City or Place where such Glebe Lands, Tithes or other Ecclesiastical Profits shall be or arise, commanding him to assist, keep and maintain such Sequestrator in the peaceable and quiet Possession thereof; and it shall be lawful for the said Lord High Chancellor, Lord Keeper or Lords Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Ireland for the time being, to proceed against all Persons opposing such Process, or in any Manner hindering the due Execution thereof, in the same Manner as in other Cases of Writs of Assistance directed to the Sheriff in pursuance of Orders of the Court of Chancery for that Purpose.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when the Sum to be paid by such Incumbent as aforesaid shall be fully and entirely repaid, together with such Interest, Fees, Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Incumbent for the time being to appty to the Ordinary of the Diocese for Redelivery of all the said Glebe Lands, Tithes, Rents and other Ecclesiastical Emoluments whatsoever so sequestered; and in case the said Trustees shall not admit full Payment of all such Sums of Money, Fees, Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Ordinary to direct an Account to be taken thereof by such Person or Persons as he shall appoint for that Purpose, and thereupon to make such Order, touching such Sequestration, as Justice shall require.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be lent and advanced to any Incumbent, by virtue of this Act, shall be distinguished and mentioned apart, in the usual Certificate to be given by any Archbishop or Bishop, by virtue of the Acts now in Force, to enable an Incumbent who builds to recover against his Successor, from any and every Sum or Sums by any Incumbent laid out or expended out of his own proper Income, in the building of such Glebe Houses and Offices, which would otherwise be allowed by the said Certificate; and a separate and distinct Portion of the said Certificate shall be allotted by such Archbishop or Bishop, for ascertaining the Expenditure of the Sum so lent and advanced by the said Trustees.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Benefice, Parish or Union shall become void, by Death or otherwise, before all the Sums agreed to be advanced by the said Trustees for building thereon shall have been actually advanced by the said Trus-v' 9 tees,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

211

C. lOG.

tees, then and in such Case the Successor shall be entitled to re- receive the ceive the Remainder of the Money so agreed to be advanced, upon Remainder, giving, in Proportion to the Money remaining to be advanced, the like Security that had been given by his Predecessor, by Bond to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; the Penalty of which Bond shall be recovered in Manner hereinbefore declared and enacted with respect to the Recovery of the Penalty of the Bond so given by his Predecessor; and the Money so advanced shall also be charged on the Benefice, Parish or Union, in the same Mariner as the Money advanced to the first Incumbent, and shall also be recoverable in like Manner.

IX. Provided always, That no Money shall be advanced by the said Trustees, for the Purposes aforesaid, until a Plan for the proposed Buildings and Improvements shall have been approved of by the Ordinary of the Diocese, and an Estimate made of the Expence thereof, and until Security shall have been given, by Bond of One or more Surety or Sureties, in sufficient Penalties, for the due Application of the Money so to be advanced in making and completing such Buildings, or for refunding to the Trustees so much as shall not have been actually so expended thereon during the Incumbency of such Incumbent, or within Two Years after such Money shall have been advanced, unless the said Trustees shall think fit not to require such Security; and then and in such Case, no Money shall be advanced by the said Trustees to such Incumbent but upon Certificate of the Incumbent or Incumbents of One or more Benefices, Parishes or Unions of Parishes adjoining or near to such Benefice, Parish or Union, that a Sum has been, actually expended in making the Buildings agreed to be made, equal to the Sum from time to time required to be advanced; and then it shall be at the Option of the said Trustees, either to pay such Money to the Incumbent, or to apply the same in Discharge of the Expences actually incurred in such Buildings.

X. Provided also, That the Incumbent for the time being shall

annually, at his own Expence, until the last Instalment shall be paid, keep the Buildings on which such Money so lent and advanced shall have been expended, regularly insured against Fire at some public Insurance Office in Great Britain or, to the

full Amount at least of the Sum so lent and advanced; and in Default thereof, the Ordinary shall have Power in each Year to sequester the Profits of the Benefice, Parish or Union, until such Insurance shall be made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to limit or restrain the Power now vested by Law in the said Trustees and Commissioners to grant or give any Sum or Sums of Money gratuitously to any Incumbent, for the Purpose of enabling or assisting him to build, repair or improve any Glebe House, in or upon the Benefice, Parish or Union of which he shall be Incumbent, whether such Incumbents shall or shall not have received a Loan to be in Part applied to the said Purposes from the said Trustees and Commissioners under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act; nor to obstruct, annul, make void or alter the Laws now in Force for building, repairing and improving Glebe Houses, or any of them, save as hereinbefore mentioned; but that Incumbents, in

P 2 case

Plan and Estimate of Buildings shall be approved by Ordinary, and Security given to apply the Sum advanced; on a Certificate of the Expence actually incurred, &c.

Incumbent shall keep Buildings insured.

This Act shall not obstruct or alter the Laws now in Force for building Glebe Houses.

212

•43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Board may require Interest, if they shall think fit.

No Act shall be done unless Four Trustees shall be present at the Board.

2&3 Anne, c.ll. § 4. by which Persons were empowered to grant Estates, &e. in their own Right to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, towards the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Clergy,

C. 106, 107.

case they shall think proper to proceed under and according to the said Laws, may do so in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall think fit to advance any Sum of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Manner aforesaid, and to require Interest at the lawful Rate, or any less Rate, to be paid for the same, from the Time of advancing the said Sum, or any other Time, until Repayment thereof, it shall be lawful for them so to do, any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding; and in such Case the Repayment to be made by the Successor shall be made at such Times as the same would have been to be made if the Money so advanced and lent had been advanced by the Incumbent thereof, under the Laws now in Force, or which shall be then in Force for that Purpose.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Act shall be done by

the said Commissioners and Trustees of First Fruits, under or by virtue or in Performance of this Act, or any of the Provisions therein contained, unless Four of the said Trustees (of whom the Lord Chancellor of Ireland, or if there shall not be a Lord Chancellor, the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of, or the First

Commissioner of the Great Seal of, for the time being, or

One of the Lords Archbishops of, shall be always One)

shall be present at the doing of such Act.

[See 48 G.3. c. 65.]

CAP. CVII.

An Act for effectuating certain Parts of an Act, passed in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled An Act for the making more effectual Her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation

the Maintenance of the Poor, by enabling Her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First Fruits and, Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose, so far as the same relate to Deeds and Wills made for granting and bequeathing Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and for enlarging the Powers of the said Governors.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Second and Third Years (W of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen, intituled

An Act for the making more effectual Her Majesty's gracious In-1 tentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, by enabling Her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity the -

1 venues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose; after recit-

ing, amongst other Things, That, for the Encouragement of such e well disposed Persons as should, by Her Majesty's Royal Ex-(ample, be moved to contribute to so pious and charitable a Pur-

pose, and that such their Charity might be rightly applied, it (was amongst other Things enacted, that all and every Person

‘ and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 107 *

213

‘ and Persons having in his or their own Right any Estate or Interest, in Possession, Reversion or Contingency, of or in any

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Property of or in ‘ any Goods or Chattels, should have full Power, Licence and Authority, at his, her and their Will and Pleasure, by Deed enrolled in such Manner, and within such Time as is directed by ‘ the Statute made in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of

King Henry the Eighth, for Enrolment of Bargains and Sales,

‘ or by his, her or their last Will or Testament in Writing, duly ‘ executed according to Law, to give and grant to and vest in the ‘ Corporation thereby authorized, and since erected under the

Name of The Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and their

Successors, all such his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property ‘ in such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, or any Part or Parts thereof, for and towards the Augmentation of the Maintenance of such Ministers officiating in such ‘ Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the said Church

were or should be so used or observed, as in the same Act were ‘ mentioned, and having no settled competent Provision belonging ‘ to the same, and to be for that Purpose applied according to the ‘ Will of the said Benefactor, in and by such Deed enrolled, or by ‘ such Will or Testament executed as aforesaid expressed, and in ‘ Default of such Direction, Limitation or Appointment, in such

Manner as by Her Majesty's Letters Patent should be directed or i appointed as aforesaid; and such Corporation and their Successors, should have full Capacity and Ability to purchase, receive,

‘ take, hold and enjoy for the Purposes aforesaid, from such Persons ‘ as should be so charitably disposed to give the same, any Manors,

‘ Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels, without any Licence or ‘ Writ of Ad quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain or any other ‘ Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: And it was by ‘ the same Act provided, that that Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to enable any Person or Persons being ‘ within Age, or of nonsane Memory, or Women Covert without ‘ their Husbands, to make any such Gift, Grant or Alienation, i any Thing in that Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding: And Whereas the beneficial Effect and Operation of the said Act have been considerably obstructed and retarded ‘ by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act to restrain the Disposition of Lands, vohereby the same become;

For Remedy thereof be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act of Her late Majesty Queen, as is herein recited, shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, the said Act of His late Majesty King George the Second, or any other Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for making more effectual Her late Majesty's gracious Inten- tion for augmenting the Maintenance of the Poor Clergy, it was

6 amongst other Things enacted, that it should be lawful, with

to remain in Force, notwithstanding Mortmain Act, 9G.2. c. 3

Power of exchanging Lands, &c. under 1 G.l. c. 10. § 13. extended to all

214?

C. 107, 108.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

the Lands, &c. of augmented Livings.

Where there is no suitable Parsonage House, the Governors may provide one.

Persons possessed in their own Right may, by Deed enrolled (in England under Stat.27 H.8. c. 16. and in Ireland under

the Concurrence of the said Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne, and the Incumbent, Patron and Ordinary of any aug-

4" mented Living or Cure, to exchange all or any Part of the Estate settled for the Augmentation thereof, for any other Estate in Lands or Tithes of equal or greater Value, to be conveyed to the same Uses Be it also enacted, That the said Power shall be and the same is hereby extended to all the Messuages, Buildings and Lands belonging to every such augmented Living or Cure.

III. And be it further enacted, That where a Living shall have been or shall be augmented by the said Governors, either by way of Lot or Benefaction, and there is no Parsonage House suitable for the Residence of the Minister, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governors, and they are hereby empowered, from time to time, in order to promote the Residence of the Clergy on their Benefices, to apply and dispose of the Money appropriated for such Augmentation, and remaining in their Hands, or any Part thereof, in such Manner as they shall deem most adviseable, in or towards the building, rebuilding or purchasing a House and other proper Erections within the Parish, convenient and suitable for the Residence of the Minister thereof, which House shall for ever thereafter be deemed the Parsonage House appertaining to such Living, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing in any Act or Acts, or the Rules of the said Governors contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CVIII.

An Act to promote the building, repairing or otherwise providing of Churches and Chapels, and of Houses for the Residence of Ministers, and the providing of Church Yards and Glebes.

[21th July 1803.]

WHEREAS a sufficient Number of Churches and Chapels for the Celebration of Divine Service, according to the Rites and Ceremonies of the United Church of England and Ireland, and of Mansion Houses with competent Glebes for the

4 Residence of Ministers officiating in such Churches and Chapels, is necessary towards the Promotion of Religion and Morality: And Whereas the same are either wholly wanting or materially deficient in many Parts of England and Ireland: And Whereas many well disposed Persons would be desirous of contributing towards the Supply of such Defects, if they were enabled so to do in the Manner hereinafter directed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons having in his or their own Right any Estate or Interest in Possession, Reversion or Contingency, of or in any Lands or Tenements, or of any Property of or in any Goods or Chattels, shall have full Power, Licence and Authority, at his and their Will and Pleasure, by Deed inrolled in such Manner, and within such Time as is directed in England by the Statute made in the Twenty seventh

Year

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 108.

215

Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and in Ireland by the Statute made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the First, for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, or by his, her or their last Will or Testament in Writing duly executed according to Law, such Deed, or such Will or Testament, being duly executed Three Calendar Months at least before the Death of such Grantor or Testator, including the Days of the Execution and Death, to give and grant to and vest in any Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, all such his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property in such Lands or Tenements, not exceeding Five Acres, or Goods and Chattels, or any Part or Parts thereof, not exceeding in Value Five hundred Pounds, for or towards the erecting, rebuilding, repairing, purchasing or providing any Church or Chapel where the Liturgy and Rites of the said United Church are or shall be used or observed, or any Mansion House for the Residence of any Minister of the said United Church, officiating or to officiate in any such Church or Chapel, or of any Outbuildings, Offices, Church Yard or Glebe for the same respectively, and to be for those Purposes applied, according to the Will of the said Benefactor in and by such Deed enrolled, or by such Will or Testament executed as aforesaid expressed, the Consent and Approbation of the Ordinary being first obtained, and in Default of such Direction, Limitation or Appointment, in such Manner as shall be directed and appointed by the Patron and Ordinary, with the Consent and Approbation of the Parson, Vicar or other Incumbent; and such Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, shall have full Capacity and Ability to purchase, receive, take, hold and enjoy, for the Purposes aforesaid, as well from such Persons as shall be so charitably disposed to give the same, as from all other Persons as shall be willing to sell or aliene to such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, any Lands or Tenements, Goods or Chattels, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that this Act, or any Thing therein contained, shall not extend to enable any Person or Persons being within Age or of nonsane Memory, nor Women Covert without their Husbands, to make any such Gift, Grant or Alienation; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no more than One such Gift or Devise shall be made by any One Person, and that if any such Gift or Devise as aforesaid shall happen to exceed Five Acres in Lands or Tenements, or the Value of Five hundred Pounds in Goods and Chattels, every such Gift or Devise shall be good and valid to the Extent aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Lord Chancellor for the time being, on Petition, to make Order for reducing every such Gift or Devise to and within the said Limits, and for allotting such specific Five Acres, and if Occasion should require, such specific Goods and Chattels as in his Judgment shall be most convenient, and to make such further Order touching the Premises as to him shall appear just and reasonable.

III. Provided also, That no Glebe containing upwards of Fifty Acres shall be augmented with more than One Acre under or by

P 4 virtue

IOC. st.2. c.l. § 17.) , or by Will executed Three Months before their Decease, give Lands not exceeding Five Acres, or Goods and Chattels not exceeding 5001. for the Purposes f this Act.

Not to extend to Infants, Femes Covert, &c.

Only One such Gift shall be made by One Person, and where it exceeds Amount, the Chancellor may reduce it.

No Glebe upwards of 50 Acres shall be

216

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

augmented with more than One Acre.

Plots of Land not exceeding One Acre, held in Mortmain, may be granted either by Exchange or Benefaction for being annexed to a Church, &c.

Accommodation shall be provided for all Persons resorting to Church, &c.

Former Rights of devising, &c. reserved.

c. 84. § 4. ante.

•. 108, 109.

virtue of this Act, but that the Excess, if any, given or devised for the Purpose of such Augmentation, shall be reduced in Manner aforesaid, by the said Lord Chancellor, and such Order thereupon shall be by him made as hereinbefore is directed in the case of an Excess beyond Five Acres.

IV. And Whereas it often happens that small Plots of Land ‘ held in Mortmain lie convenient to be annexed to some such Church or Chapel, or House of Residence as aforesaid, or to some ‘ Church Yard or Curtilage thereto belonging, or convenient to be ‘ employed as the Scite of some such Church or Chapel or House ‘ to be hereafter erected, and for the necessary and commodious < Use and Enjoyment thereof, and that they might be so employed ‘ to the Advantage of the Public and without Detriment to the ‘ Proprietors thereof, if they were enabled to give and grant the same for the Purposes aforesaid Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for every Body Politic or Corporate, Sole or Aggregate, by Deed inrolled as aforesaid, with or without Confirmation, as the Law may require, to give and grant, either by Way of Exchange or Benefaction, any such small Plot of Land not exceeding One Acre, to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, his and their Heirs and Successors respectively, to be held, used and applied for the Purposes aforesaid; and such last mentioned Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs and Successors respectively, shall have full Capacity and Ability with Consent of the Incumbent, Patron and Ordinary, to take, hold and enjoy such small Plot of Land for the Purposes aforesaid, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod damnum, the Statute of Mortmain or any other Act or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That in every Parochial Church or Chapel hereafter to be erected, ample Provision shall be made for the decent and suitable Accommodation of all Persons, of what Rank or Degree soever, who may be entitled to resort to the same, and whose Circumstances may render them unable to pay for such Accommodations.

VI. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to take away or abridge any Right of giving or devising which already exists in any Person whatsoever.

[See51 G.3. c.ll5.]

CAP. CIX.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England; and to remove a Doubt respecting the Title of the Statute of the Twenty first Year of King Henry the Eighth therein mentioned.

[27th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend the Laws relating to Spiritual Persons holding of Farms; and for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in England; and reciting as therein is recited, it was amongst other Things

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 109. 217

enacted in the Words following; that is to say, 44 And it shall also be lawful for any Spiritual Person having or holding any Donative, Perpetual Curacy or Parochial Chapelry, not having any sufficient or convenient Glebe or Demesne Lands annexed to or in Right of, or by reason of his Benefice or Cure or Cha- pelry, or for any Stipendiary Curate or any unbeneficed Spiritual Person, with the Consent or Approbation of the Bishop of the Diocese, signified in Writing, to take to ferm to himself or to any Person or Persons to his Use for a limited Term of Years, any Farm or Farms, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, that may, under all the Circumstances, appear to such Bishop proper to be taken, held or occupied by any such Spiritual Person, for the Convenience and Accommodation of his Household and Hospitality only, without being subject or liable to any Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, under the said first recited Act or any other Act, by reason thereof, any Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstandingAnd 4 Whereas after the Words any Spiritual Person having or holding any, " and before the Word Donative" in the said Provision, the Word Benefice" was by Mistake omitted to be there inserted For rectifying the said Mistake, May it there- Provision of fore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it recited Act, enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and by Mistake Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au- omitted, ex-thority of the same, That, from the Day on which the said Act tended to Spi-passed, the said Provision and every Matter therein contained, ritual Persons shall extend and be construed to extend to every Spiritual Person having or holding any Benefice, in like Manner as if the Word cne te ’

Benefice" had been inserted after the Word any" and before the Word Donative" in the said Provision in the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Clause, Matter and Clauses in said Provision contained in the said Act, which has or in Construction Act shall have thereof can or ought to have relation to the said Provision, shall ^£fct

be construed in such and the like Manner, and shall be and be bad beenfn-taken to be of the same Effect as if the Word Benefice" had serted. been inserted as aforesaid in the said Provision.

III. And be it also enacted, That the said Act, passed in the Doubt respect-Twenty first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, mg the Title of whereby it is among other Things enacted in the Words or to ^dtedin' the Effect following: 44 That as well every Spiritual Person now ^.84. of this being promoted to any Archdeaconry, Deanry or Dignity, in any Session) re-Monastery or Cathedral Church or other Church, Conventual moved.

or Collegiate, or being beneficed with any Parsonage or Vicarage, as all and every Spiritual Person and Persons which hereafter shall be promoted to any of the said Dignities or Benefices with any Parsonage or Vicarage, from the Feast of Saint Michael the Archangel next coming, shall be personally resident and abiding in> at and upon his said Dignity, Prebend or Benefice, or at one of them at the least; and in case that any such Spiritual Person at any time after the said Feast keep not Residence at one of his said Dignities, Prebends or Benefices as is aforesaid, but absent himself wilfully by the Space of One Month together, or by the Space of Two Months, to be accounted at several Times in any One Year, and make his Residence and Abiding in any other Places by such

Time.

218

C. 109, 110.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Time, that then he shall forfeit for every such Default Ten Pounds Sterling, the One Half thereof to the King our Sovereign Lord, and the other Half of the same to the Party that will sue for the same in any of the King’s Courts, by original Writ of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which Action and Suit the Defendant shall not wage his Law, nor have any Essoign or Protection allowed, " shall, from the Day on which the said recited Act of this present Session of Parliament passed, be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes in the Construction of the said Act of the present Session, to be the Act of the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intended to be recited in the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, and which is in such Act of the present Session mentioned, to be intituled’ Persons abridged

from having Pluralities of Livi from taking of Perms, , fyc. c. not-

withstanding any Mistake which there may be in the said Act of the present Session of Parliament, in setting forth the Title of the said Act of the Twenty first Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, wherein and whereby it is enacted as aforesaid.

CAP. CX.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend an Act made in the Twenty second. Year of the Reign Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House, [27th 1803.]

22 G. 3. c. 83.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Twenty second Year

§ 20. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, it was among other Things enacted, that in case any Money should be borrowed under the Powers of the said Act, for the building any Poor House or Workhouse, or purchasing any Land necessary to be used for that Purpose, the Assessments for the Relief of the Poor should continue at the same Rate they were when such Poor House or Workhouse was first established, until the Debts so contracted, and the Interest thereof, should be fully discharged: And Whereas by an Act, made in the Forty second 42 G.3. c. 74. 4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to

amend an Act, made in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor, so far as relates to the Payment of the Debts incurred for building any Poor House, it was enacted, that the Guardians of the Poor of any Parish who had erected any Poor House or Workhouse, under the Powers of the said therein recited Act, should, with the Consent of the several Persons to whom the same should be due and payable, yearly and every Year pay off and discharge any Part of the Money borrowed under the Powers of the said recited Act of the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, not being less than One Twentieth Part thereof, besides the Interest which might be payable on the Sum remaining undischarged; and in case such Sum to be paid off should not in any One Year be sufficient to discharge any One of the Notes for Fifty Pounds issued pursuant

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 110, 111.

219

So much of § 20. of 22 G. 3. c. 83. as requires Assessments to continue unaltered, repealed.

suant to the Directions of the said recited Act, for securing the Money borrowed under the Authority thereof, the same should from time to time remain in the Hands of the Overseers of the Poor of such Parish, until it amounted to a sufficient Sum to pay off and discharge any of the said Notes: And Whereas Doubts are entertained whether the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign has effectually relieved such Parishes as have adopted the Provision in the said Act of the Twenty second Year of his present Majesty's Reign, from the burthensome Effects thereof; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as requires that the Assessments for the Relief of the Poor shall continue at the same Rate as they were when any Poor House or Workhouse was first established under the Authority of the said recited Act, until the Debt contracted, and the Interest thereof, should be fully discharged, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That such Assessments shall and may from time to time be diminished to such Amount as shall be deemed proper and necessary:Provided always, that the Guardians of the Poor, for the time being, of every such Parish, shall, yearly and every Year, pay off or provide for a Twentieth Part at least of any Monies which shall have been borrowed for the Purpose aforesaid, under the Powers of the said Act of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and also shall duly keep down the Interest of all Monies which shall be so borrowed; any Thing in the said recited Acts of the Twenty second and Forty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. CXI.

An Act for enabling Friendly Societies, intended to be established under an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to rectify Mistakes made in the Registry of their Rules.

[27th 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty third Year of 33 G. 3. c. 54 the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement and Relief of Friendly it was

enacted, that the Rules, Orders and Regulations made or to be made for the Government of the said Societies, in order to entitle the said Societies to the Benefit of the said Act, should be first exhibited in Writing to the Justices of the Peace, assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or at some Adjournment thereof, in and for the same County, Riding, Division or Shire where such Society should be established, and should be subject to the Examination, Review, Allowance and Confirmation of such Justices: And Whereas several Societies established in Towns and Places having peculiar Jurisdiction have inadvertently exhibited their Rules, Orders and Regulations to the Justices assembled at the General or Quarter Sessions, having

Assessments may be diminished.

Guardians of the Poor shall annually pay off One Twentieth of Money borrowed under 22 G. 3. c. 83.

220

G. 11], 112.

13" GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Any Society having exhibited their Regulations at any Quarter Sessions for a peculiar Jurisdiction, may exhibit them to the Quarter Sessions for the County, with a Certificate or Affidavit of such First Exhibition; and such Regulations being confirmed shall then be valid from the Beginning,

13 G.3. c. 55. § 1.

ing peculiar Jurisdiction for such Towns and Places respectively,

and not for the County, Riding, Division or Shire at large,

whereby they are or may be deprived of the Benefit of the said ‘ Act; ’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for any such Society who shall have exhibited the Rules, Orders and Regulations made for Government thereof, at any General or Quarter Sessions having peculiar Jurisdiction for the Town or Place where such Society is established, and not to the Sessions for the County, Riding, Division or Shire at large, to exhibit the Rules, Orders and Regulations of such Society to the Justices assembled at any General Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, to be holden for the County, Riding, Division or Shire where such Society is established, such Rules, Orders and Regulations bearing the Certificate of the Town Clerk or other proper Officer, of the Time when such Rules, Orders and Regulations were respectively first exhibited as aforesaid; or to exhibit in like Manner a Duplicate or a true Copy of such Rules, Orders and Regulations, with an Affidavit annexed, to be taken before any One Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division or Shire where such Society is established, which such Justice is hereby authorized to take, of the Time when such Rules, Orders and Regulations were respectively first exhibited as aforesaid, subject to the like Examination, Review, Allowance and Confirmation of the Justices assembled at such last mentioned General Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, as is directed by the said recited Act; and such Rules, Orders and Regulations being confirmed by the Justices, at such last mentioned General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, may be filed at such Sessions, and shall be as valid and effectual from the Time the same were first exhibited at the Sessions having such peculiar Jurisdiction as aforesaid, as if the same had been originally exhibited and filed at the Sessions holden for the said County, Riding, Division or Shire.

[See59G. 3. c. 128. §1.]

CAP. CXII.

An Act for the better Preservation of Heath Fowl, commonly called Black Game, in the the County

of Southampton.

[_27th 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain and amend the several Lavas novo in being so far as the same relate to the Preservation of the Moor or Hill Game, it is enacted, amongst other Things, 4 that, from and after the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy three, no Person or Persons shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, wilfully take, kill, destroy, 4 carry, sell, buy or have in his, her or their Possession or Use,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

c. lie, 113.

221

any Heath Fowl, commonly called Black, between the

‘ Tenth Day of December and the Twentieth Day of August in ‘ any Year: And Whereas the pursuing, taking and killing in the ‘ New Forest, in the County of Southampton, of Heath Fowl,

1 commonly called Black Game, so early as the Twentieth Day of < August, has been found to be very prejudicial to the Increase < of such Heath Fowl, as well as of all other Game within the t said Forest, and it would tend very much to the Preservation thereof in the said Forest, if the Time for taking and killing ‘ therein Heath Fowl were postponed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Person or Persons taking Persons shall, on any Pretence whatsoever take, kill or destroy, or killing in the or attempt to take, kill or destroy, in the New Forest, in the ^ea^kFQ^eany County of Southampton, any Heath Fowl, commonly called Black bet^een xJS Game, between the Tenth Day of December and the First Day of 10. and Sept. l. Septembers any Year; and every Person who shall transgress this liable to the Act in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall, for every Heath Fowl so Forfeitures of taken, killed or destroyed, and for every Attempt to take, kill or the recited Act. destroy such Heath Fowl, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, be liable to the same Forfeitures and Penalties, to be recovered in the same Manner, and subject to the like Appeal and the same Provisions in every Respect whatsoever, as in and by the said recited Act are enacted in respect of any Offence committed against the said Act.

CAP. CXIII.

An Act for the more effectually providing for the Punishment of Offences in wilfully casting away, burning or destroying Ships and Vessels; and for the more convenient Trial of Accessaries in Felonies; and for extending the Powers of . an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as far as relates to Murders, to Accessaries to Murders, and to Manslaughters.

[27th 1803.]

WHEREAS in and by a certain Act of Parliament, made 4G.1.C. 12. §3.

in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for enforcing and making ‘ perpetual an Act of the Twelfth Year of Her late Majesty,

1 tituled ‘ An Act for the preserving of all such Ships and Goods

thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded upon

1 the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of Her Dominions; and for inflicting the Punishment of Death on such as i shall wilfully burn or destroy Ships, it is amongst other Things ‘ enacted, that if any Owner of, or Captain, Master, Mariner or ‘ other Officer belonging to any Ship, shall, after the Twenty fourth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and eighteen, wilfully cast away, burn ‘ or otherwise destroy the Ship of which he is Owner, or unto ‘ which he belongeth, or in any manner of wise direct or procure

f the

222

C. 11.3.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

and 11 G.l. c. 29. § 5, 6, 7, respecting the casting away or destroying Ships, recited.

Repealed.

‘ the same to be done, to the Prejudice of any Person or Persons that shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon,

‘ or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, he shall suffer Death: And Whereas, in and by a certain other

Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of ‘ His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act to con-

6tinue several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Frauds - mitted by Bankrupts; for encouraging Silk Manufacture of

‘ this Kingdom; for preventing the clandestine Running of Goods;

1 for making Copper Ore of the British Plantations an enumerated ‘ Commodity; and for explaining and amending a late Act for the ‘ more effectual Punishment of such as or destroy

i Ships; and reciting amongst other Things, as is above herein

(recited, and that some Doubt had arisen touching the Nature ‘ of the Offence provided against by the said recited Act, and the

Trial and Punishment to be had and inflicted for the same, it ‘ was therefore by that Act enacted and declared, that if any (Owner of, or Captain, Master, Officer or Mariner, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall, after the Four and twentieth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and twenty five, wilfully cast

away, burn or otherwise destroy the Ship or Vessel of which he is Owner, or to which he belongeth, or in any wise direct or procure the same to be done, with Intent or Design to prejudice any Person or Persons that hath or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance thereon, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, or of any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, the Person or Persons offending therein, being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a Felon or Felons, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and it was in and by the said Act further declared, that if any of the said Offences,

4 in wilfully casting away, burning or otherwise destroying any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall be committed within the Body of any County of this Realm, the same shall be and may be inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged in the same Courts,

4 in such Manner and Form as Felonies done within the Body of any County, by the Laws of this Realm, are to be inquired of,

tried, determined and adjudged; and if any of the said Offences shall be committed upon the High Seas, the same shall be inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged, before such Court,

and in such Manner and Form as in and by an Act made in the Eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled For Pirates, is directed and appointed for the enquiring, trying, determining and adjudging of Felonies done upon the High Seas: And Whereas the above Provisions in the said in part recited Acts have been found inadequate and ineffectual for the Prevention and Punishment of the Offences therein mentioned May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provisions of the said Two several herein in part recited Acts and every of them, be henceforth repealed.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 113.

223

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, from and after the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, wilfully cast away, burn or otherwise destroy any Ship or Vessel, or in any wise counsel, direct or procure the same to be done, and the same be accordingly done, with Intent or Design thereby wilfully and maliciously to prejudice any Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, or any Owner or Owners of any Goods loaden on board the same, or any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, that hath or have underwritten or shall underwrite any Policy or Policies of Insurance upon such Ship or Vessel, or on the Freight thereof, or upon any Goods loaden on board the same, the Person or Persons offending therein being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be deemed and adjudged a principal Felon or Felons, and shall suffer Death as in cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Ship or Vessel shall, from and after the Sixteenth Day of July in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, be wilfully cast away, burnt or otherwise destroyed, within the Body of any County of this Realm, that then the said several Offences, as well in wilfully casting away, burning or otherwise destroying such Ship or Vessel, as in counselling, directing or procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged in the same Courts, and in such Manner and Form as Felonies done within the Body of any County, by the Laws of this Realm now are to be, or by virtue of this Act hereafter may be, inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged; and if any such Ship or Vessel shall be wilfully cast away, burnt or otherwise destroyed, on the High Seas, then that the said several Offences, as well in wilfully casting away, burning or otherwise destroying any such Ship or Vessel, as in counselling, directing and procuring the same to be done as aforesaid, shall and may be respectively inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged before such Court, and in such Manner and Form as in and by an Act made in the Eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled For

Pirates, is appointed and directed for the inquiring, trying, determining and adjudging of Felonies upon the High Seas.

u Act shall not bar Prosecutions for Offences committed before 4f July 16, 1803. — § 4.

V. And Whereas it is convenient that Accessaries to Felonies committed within the Body of any County within the Realm,

should be by Law liable to be tried, as well in the County wherein the principal Felony was committed, as in the County in which their so became Accessaries, and also that Accessaries to Felonies committed upon the High Seas should be by Law liable to be tried by such Court, and in such Manner as by the Act 4 made in the Eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth, is directed in respect to Felonies done upon the High Seas Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from and after the said Sixteenth Day of July in the said Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and three, in all Cases whatsoever in which any Person or Persons shall hereafter

Persons wilfully casting away, &c. any Vessel, or procuring it to be done, declared Felons without Clergy.

Offences, if committed within the Body of any County, shall be tried as other Felonies;

if on the High Seas, as under 28 H.8. c. 15.

Accessaries to Felonies may be tried either in the County where the principal Offence was committed, or in that where the Offence of being Accessary was done; and if the principal Offence shall be committed on the High Seas, the Accessaries

224

C. 113.

43° GEO. III.

shall be tried in Manner prescribed by 28 H. 8. c. 15.

Persons once tried shall not be again tried for the same Offence.

33 H.8. c. 23. recited, and the Powers therein contained respecting Murder, &c. extended to Accessaries before the Fact in Murder, and to the Offence of Manslaughter.

A.D. 1803.

after procure, direct, counsel or command any other Person or Persons to commit, or shall abet any other Person or Persons in committing any Felony whatsoever, or shall in any wise whatsoever become an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to any Felony whatsoever, whether such principal Felony be committed within the Body of any County within this Realm, or upon the High Seas, and whether such procuring, directing, counselling, commanding and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact, shall have been committed or done within the Body of any County within this Realm, or upon the High Seas, that then and in all such Cases the Offence of the Person or Persons so procuring, directing, counselling, commanding, or abetting such Felony, or so in any wise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to such Felony, shall and may be inquired of, tried, determined and adjudged, in case such principal Felony shall have been committed within the Body of any County within thisRealm, by the Course of the Common Law, either within such County wherein the said principal Felony shall have been committed, or within the County wherein the said Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding and abetting, or otherwise becoming Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact, shall have been committed or done; and in case the said principal Felony shall have been committed upon the High Seas, then the said Offence in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding or abetting such Felony, or of so becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to the same, shall and may be inquired of in and by such Court, and in such Manner and Form as in and by the said Act made in the Eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, is appointed and directed for the trying, determining and adjudging of Felonies done upon the High Seas:Provided always, that no Person or Persons who shall hereafter be once tried and acquitted, or convicted of any such Offence, in procuring, directing, counselling, commanding or abetting any Felony, or of otherwise becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to such Felony, whether the Trial of such Person or Persons shall have been had according to the Course of the Common Law, as in the Case of a Felony committed within the Body of any County in this Realm, or according to the Provisions contained in the Statute made in the Eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, as in the Case of a Felony committed on the High Seas, shall be liable to be again indicted, prosecuted or tried for the same Offence, in any Court or Jurisdiction whatsoever.

VI. And Whereas by an Act, made and passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled An Act to proceed, by Commission of Oyer and Terminer, against such

4 Persons as shall coif ess Treason, et, remanding the

same to be tried in the Shire where the Offence was committed certain Powers, Authorities, Provisions and Regulations are given and enacted for making Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, for the speedy Trial, Conviction or Delivery of Persons examined before the Kings Council, or Three of them, upon any Murders or other Offences therein mentioned, and for inquiring of, hearing and determining such Murders and other Offences, under such

4 Circum-

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 113, 114.

225

4 Circumstances, and in such Cases, as in the said Act are mentioned; which said Act, so far as the same relates to the Crime of Murder, is still in Force and unrepealed; but no Provision is therein made for the Trial of Accessaries before the Fact in Murder, or for the Trial of the Offence of Manslaughter, either upon Indictments for that Offence, or for the Crime of Murder,

under any Commission to be made or issued in pursuance of the same Act, whereby Persons guilty of those Offences, and more particularly when such Murders or Manslaughters happen to be committed out of the Realm, and not upon the High Seas, may frequently escape Punishment, to the Encouragement and evil Example of evil Doers; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth all and singular the Powers and Authorities in the said last recited Act contained respecting the Offence of Murder, and the Examination of any Person or Persons upon any Murders by the King’s Council, or Three of them, and the making or issuing of Commissions of and Terminer for the Trial, Conviction or Delivery of Offenders, and the inquiring, hearing and determining of all such Murders in Manner therein mentioned, and all other the Clauses, Provisoes, Conditions and Declarations concerning the Offence of Murder, and the inquiring, hearing and Determination thereof, and the Trial, Conviction or Delivery of such Offenders therein, as in the same Act are mentioned, shall be, and the same are hereby extended to the Offence of procuring, directing, counselling, commanding or otherwise becoming an Accessary or Accessaries before the Fact to any Murder or Murders; and also to the Offence of Manslaughter, in like manner as if those Offences had been expressly mentioned in the said last recited Act; and in case any Offender or Offenders, if on Trial shall, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, be indicted for (under this or the Offence of Murder, and upon such Trial it shall appear that recited Act) of the Person or Persons, or any of them, so indicted and tried, is or fyjMurder it are guilty of Manslaughter, and of no greater Offence, the Jury shall appear he may on such Indictment find the Party or Parties guilty of Man- is guilty of slaughter only; or in case of Doubt or Difficulty, may find a spe- Manslaughter cial Verdict, upon which there shall be the like Proceedings, 01lly>the Jury Judgment and Punishment or Execution, as if the Offence had sordino-] a&c been committed within the Body of any County within this Realm, and such Trial had been had, and such General or Special Verdict had been found upon an Indictment for Murder, found and tried according to the Course of the Common Law by a Jury of the same County within which the Offence was committed.

VII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall ex- Act not to extend or be construed to extend, to that Part of the United King- tend to Ireland, dom called Ireland.

[See ante) c. 79.]

e a p. cxiv.

An Act for raising the Sum of One Million Currency, exp. by Treasury Bills, for the Service of, for the Year

One thousand eight hundred and three.

[27th July 1803.]

4*3 Geo. III. Q

A.D. 1803.

22 6

2 G.S. c. 28.

39 & 40 G.3. c. 87.

Coffee, Tea, &c. and alL Articles subject to Excise Duty, stopped by reason of Forfeiture, to be conveyed to the Excise Office within Twenty four Hours.

Articles stopped on Suspicion of

C. 115. 43° GEO. III.

CAP. CXV.

An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, made in the Second and Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bumb Boats and other Boats, upon the River, and for the more,

effectual Prevention of Depredations thereon, so far as relates to the Seizure of Exciseable Commodities.

[27th 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act to

vent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames; and by another Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Depredations on the River Thames and in its Vicinity; and to amend an Act made the Second Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, to prevent the committing of Thefts and Frauds by Persons navigating Bum Boats and other Boats upon the River Thames, certain Powers and Authorities are given and granted which are incompatible with the Laws of Excise made for the Prevention of Frauds and the Security of the Revenue, and under which Powers and Authorities fair Dealers may be injured, the Revenue exposed to great Loss, and much Uncertainty and Confusion introduced into the Accounts required to be kept by the Officers of Excise For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, that noware, or hereafter maybe, subject or liable to a Duty of Excise, which shall be stopped, detained or taken by any Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons under and by virtue of the before recited Acts of Parliament, or under or by virtue of any other Authority whatever, for or by reason of the same having been unshipped, smuggled or run on Shore, or made or manufactured without Payment of Duty, or for or by reason of the same being removed or removing without Permit, or for any other Cause of Forfeiture, shall, and the same is hereby directed and required to be carried, conveyed or taken to and deposited and lodged in the Chief Office of Excise in London, within Twenty four Hours after the same shall have been so taken, stopped or detained, in order that all such Articles or Commodities as aforesaid, and the Person or Persons in whose Custody or Possession the same were found, may be prosecuted, or proceeded against as the Nature of the Case shall or may require; any Thing in the aforesaid Acts or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Coffee,

Tea,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

G. 115.

227

Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, so subject or liable to a Duty of Excise, shall be stopped, detained or taken by any Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons on Suspicion of the same having been feloniously stolen, taken or received, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons so stopping, detaining or taking the same, to lodge and deposit all such Articles or Commodities as aforesaid, in the Office of the Thames Police, or the Police Office nearest to the Place where the same shall be so stopped, detained or taken as aforesaid, there to remain until and in order to be produced at the Trial of any Person or Persons who shall or may be charged with feloniously stealing, taking or receiving the same as aforesaid.

III. Provided alwajrs, and it is hereby further enacted, That every such Police or Peace Officer, or other Person or Persons who shall so stop, detain or take any such Article or Commodity as aforesaid, on Suspicion of the same having been so feloniously stolen, taken or received as aforesaid, shall within Twenty four Hours after he or they shall have stopped, detained or taken the same as aforesaid, give Notice thereof in Writing at the said Chief Office of Excise, and shall thereupon permit the proper Officer of Excise to examine and take Account of all such Articles and Commodities so stopped, detained or taken as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Person or Persons so charged with feloniously stealing, taking or receiving any such Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, shall have been tried for the said Felony, all such Articles and Commodities as aforesaid, shall be immediately conveyed to and deposited in the said Chief Office of Excise, to be prosecuted or proceeded against for such Cause of Forfeiture as the same may be liable to, or to be restored upon Payment of such Duties as may be due in respect of the same, to such Person as may prove himself to be the legal Proprietor, or otherwise be dealt with in such Manner as the Case may require.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize that now are or hereafter may be subject or liable to a Duty of Excise, which shall be so stopped, detained or taken as aforesaid, shall not be conveyed to and lodged and deposited in the Chief Office of Excise in London in the Manner and within the Time or Times respectively by this Act directed, all such Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate, Tobacco, Snuff, Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva or other Spirits, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize that now are or hereafter may be subject or liable to any Duty of Excise, which shall not be so conveyed and actually lodged and deposited in the said Chief Office, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or reseized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Party or Parties neglecting or refusing so to convey to and to lodge and deposit the same in the said Chief Office of Excise, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose or impede any

Q 2 Officer

being stolen, deposited in Office of Thames Police, &c. till produced at Trial.

Notice to be given of Detention to Excise Office within Twenty four Hours.

After Trial, Goods conveyed to Excise Office.

If Goods not conveyed to Excise Office, they may be seized.

Penalty 201.

Obstructing

Officer,

228

C.J 15 — 118.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Penalty 2001.

How Penalties levied and applied.

EXP.

EXP.

5 G. 3. c. 20.

Officer or Officers of Excise in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted; every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted that all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise; or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster: and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them, who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

CAP. CXVI.

An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Majesty's Person and Government, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[29th July 1803.]

CAP. CXVII.

An Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in, and for

the Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's faithful Subjects there, to continue in Force until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[29th July 1803.]

CAP. CXVIII.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for continuing the Encouragement of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or other useful Discoveries and Improvements in Navigation, and for making Experiments relating thereto; and for discharging certain Debts incurred by the Commissioners of the Longitude in carrying the Acts relating thereto into Execution.

[29th July 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for explaining < and rendering more effectual Two Acts, one made in the Twelfth

1 Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, 1 An Act for pro-

vidino-a public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall dis-

cover the Longitude at Sea; and the other in the Twenty sixth t Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to render more effectual an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of

the Reign -of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled 1 An Act

(for providing a public Reward for such Person or Persons as ‘ shall discover the Longitude at Sea, ' with regard to the making £ Experiments of Proposals made for discovering the,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 118.

229

and to enlarge the Number of Commissioners for 'putting Execution the said Act; it is among other Things enacted, That it should be lawful for the Commissioners for discovering the Longitude at Sea, to cause such Nautical Almanacks, or other useful Tables, to be constructed, and to print, publish and vend,

or cause to be printed, published and vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other useful Table or Tables, which

they, or the major Part of them, should, from time to time, 4 judge necessary and useful, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Longitude at Sea; and it was further enacted, 4 that no Person or Persons should print, publish or vend, or cause to be printed, published or vended, any Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other Table or Tables constructed under the Direction of the said Commissioners, without being licensed by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, and that if any Person or Persons not so licensed, or not being authorized by the Person or Persons so licensed by the said Commissioners,

should print, publish or vend, or cause to be printed, published ‘ or vended, any such Nautical Almanack or Almanacks, or other

Table or Tables, every such Person or Persons should, for every ‘ Copy of such Nautical Almanack or Table so printed, published

or vended, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as in the said Act is mentioned: And ‘ Whereas the said Commissioners for discovering the Longitude

at Sea, have, from time to time, caused Nautical Almanacks, or ‘ Astronomical Ephemerides, and other Tables, to be constructed for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and particularly have for those Purposes caused such Nautical Almanacks, and

Astronomical Ephemerides, and other Tables, to be constructed for the Years One thousand seven hundred and ninety nine, One

thousand eight hundred, One thousand eight hundred and one,

4 One thousand eight hundred and two, One thousand eight hundred and three, One thousand eight hundred and four, One thousand eight hundred and five, and One thousand eight hundred and six: And Whereas the said Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, have been printed and published pursuant to the Warrants or Licences of the said Commissioners for the said Years hereinbefore mentioned; and the said Commissioners have caused sundry Calculations to be made towards the constructing, and completing and publishing of the like Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, for discovering the Longitude at Sea, for several Years subsequent to the said Year One thousand eight hundred and six: And Whereas it has been found inconvenient that the said Nautical Almanacks, Astronomical Ephemerides, and Tables, should be constructed, printed and published, only under the Authority of the major Part of the

said Commissioners, who are many in Number, by reason of the Difficulty of obtaining the necessary Signatures for licensing and authorizing such Publication, and of proving the same to be the Signatures of the major Part of the said Commissioners for the time being, in case of Prosecutions for pirating the said Works; and it is expedient that further Regulations should be made in relation to the printing and publishing the said Nautical Al-

§ n.

manacks.

230

C. 118.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Five Commissioners of Longitude may-construct Nau

of Royal Society and the Royal Astronomer being Two.)

manacks, Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of Longitude for the time being, or any Five or more of them, (of whom the President of the Royal Society, tical Almanacks anc^ the Royal Astronomer at for the time being, shall

(the President be Two,) to cause any Nautical Almanacks and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, to be constructed, as they the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, (of whom the President of the Royal Society, and the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, shall be Two,) shall from time to time judge necessary and useful to be constructed, in order to facilitate the Method of discovering the Longitude at Sea; and that it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons only as have been or shall be for that Purpose licensed in manner hereinafter mentioned, to print, publish and vend, or cause to be printed, published and vended any such Nautical Almanacks, or Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, as have been, or shall from time to time be so constructed as aforesaid; any Law, Statute, exclusive Privilege, private Charter or other Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Licences already given and granted for printing, publishing and vending any such Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Commissioners of Longitude for the time being (of whom the President of the Royal Society and the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, were Two) , shall be deemed as valid and effectual Licences for the Purposes therein mentioned, and for all other Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been given, granted and signed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for the time being; and that all Licences hereafter to be given and granted, for printing, publishing and vending such Nautical Almanacks, and Astronomical Ephemerides, and other useful Tables, shall be signed by Five or more of them the said Commissioners (of whom the President of the Royal Society, and the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich for the time being shall be Two) , and being so signed, shall have the same Force and Effect as if the same had been given, granted and signed, by the major Part of the said Commissioners for the time being; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Penalties or Forfeitures of Twenty Pounds each, for every pirated Copy of the said Works, given by the said Act of the Fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be

pies sued for by sue(j? informed and prosecuted for by the Secretary of the said Comr^ssioners Commissioners of the Longitude for the time being, or by some other Person or Persons authorized by Writing, signed by Five or more of the said Commissioners, and shall not be sued, informed or prosecuted for by any other Person or Persons whomsoever, and that such Suits, Prosecutions and Informations, shall not abate

by -

Licences for printing and publishing them, signed by such Five Commissioners, valid.

Penalties of20l under Stat.

5 G.3. c. 20. for pirated Co

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 118.

231

by reason of the Death of such Prosecutors, or any of them, but shall be continued, in the Case of a sole Plaintiff or Informer, dying before Judgment obtained, in the Name of the Secretary of the said Commissioners for the time being; and that such Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be wholly to the Person who shall inform, prosecute or sue for the same in Manner aforesaid, which Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered shall be in Trust for, and subject to the Order and Disposition of the said Commissioners of Longitude for the time being, or of any Five or more of them; any Thing to the contrary in any former Act notwithstanding.

IV. And Whereas by an Act made in the Thirty sixth Year of 36 G.3. c. 107.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled ‘ An Act for -

tinuing the Encouragement and Re'ward of Persons making certain Discoveries for finding the Longitude at, or making

other useful Discoveries and Improvements, and

i for making Experiments relating thereto, the Commissioners for

the Discovery of Longitude were empowered whenever they

should be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Pro-

posals that should be made to them for discovering the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement

in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to ‘ be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they should adjudge any Person or

Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude ‘ at Sea, which, though not of so great Use as to be entitled to

any of the great Rewards specified in an Act made in the Four- 14 G.3. c. 66.

‘ teenth Year of His present Majesty, therein and also hereinbefore

referred to, yet that the said Discovery was of considerable Use

to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Dis-t coveries, Improvement or Improvements useful to Navigation, to '* certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they

the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude should < think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the

Commissioners of the Navy were thereby authorized and re-

quired to make out Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for ‘ such Sums so certified, who was thereby authorized to pay the

same immediately to such Person or Persons, out of any Monies ‘ which should be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands, unapplied to ‘ the Use of the Navy; and it was thereby further enacted, that

all such Sum or Sums of Money as should be paid by the Trea-i surer of the Navy, by virtue of the said Act, for the Purposes of

making such Experiments as aforesaid, and in rewarding in a

lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at ‘ Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, should not altogether exceed the Sum of Five thousand

Pounds: And Whereas by several Payments made by the Treasurer of the Navy, pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of

the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, have

expended the whole of the Sum of Five thousand Pounds,

‘ granted by the said Act for the Purposes aforesaid, and more-

over, several Debts have been incurred, and are now growing due

‘ for sundry Matters and Things done by Order of the said Corner 4 ‘ missioners

9.9, 9.

C. 118.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Commissioners to certify Amount of Debts incurred by them under recited Act, to Commissioners of the Navy, who are to make out Navy Bills for their Discharge.

Commissioners to certify to Navy Board the Fitness of trying Experiments for Discovery of the Longitude; and also their Judgment that any Person is entitled to a less Reward than under 14 G.3. c .66.for Improvements.

Treasurer to pay Bills made out by Navy Board.

All such Debts and Rewards not to exceed 50001.

missioners in carrying the said Acts into Execution, and for Services tending to the Benefit of Navigation: And Whereas it is ‘ highly necessary that the said Debts should be discharged, and that the said Encouragements and Rewards for the Purposes mentioned in the said Act of the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, should be continued Be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude shall and may certify the Amount of such Debts, together with the Names of the Persons to whom the same are or shall be respectively due, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy, who are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary for discharging the said Debts, which Sum or Sums of Money the said Treasurer is hereby required to pay to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so certified to be due respectively, out of any Money which shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands, unapplied as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, whenever they shall be satisfied of the Probability of any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them, for Discovery of the Longitude, or making any other useful Discovery and Improvement in Navigation, so as to think it proper to cause Experiments to be made thereof, to certify the same to the Commissioners of the Navy; and also in case they shall adjudge any Person or Persons to have made any Discovery for finding the Longitude at Sea, which though not of so great Use as to be entitled to any of the great Rewards specified in the said Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty, yet that such Discovery is of considerable Use to the Public, or to have made any other Discovery or Discoveries, Improvement or Improvements, useful to Navigation, to certify such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, as they the said Commissioners for the Discovery of Longitude shall think reasonable to be paid to such Person or Persons; and the Commissioners of the Navy are hereby authorized and required to make out a Bill or Bills upon the Treasurer of the Navy, for such Sum or Sums as shall be so certified to them by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude; and the said Treasurer of the Navy is hereby authorized and required to pay immediately such Sum or Sums to the Person or Persons who shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, to make such Experiments, or to receive such less Reward, or Sum or Sums of Money, for making lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, or any other Discoveries and Improvements useful to Navigation, out of any Monies which shall be in his the said Treasurer’s Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy by virtue of this Act, as well for the Purpose of discharging the several Debts which have been incurred, and are now growing due, in Manner aforesaid, as of making such Experiments as aforesaid, and of rewarding in a lesser Degree lesser Discoveries for finding the Longitude at Sea, and also other Discoveries and Improvements

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 118, 119. 233

provements useful to Navigation, do not altogether exceed the Sum of Five thousand Pounds.

VII. Provided also, That in case any such Reward or Sum of How Rewards

Money to be given or paid for any of the Purposes aforesaid shall not exceeding not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then and in 6

every such Case, it shall be certified to the Commissioners of the

Navy as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude, or any Five or more of them; but if any such Reward, or Sum of Money, shall exceed above looool. the Sum of One thousand Pounds, that then the same shall in every such Case be certified as aforesaid, under the Hands and Seals of the First Commissioner of the Admiralty, the First Commissioner of the Navy, the President of the Royal Society, the Royal Astronomer at Greenwich, and the Comptroller of the Navy for the time being, they respectively being by virtue of the several Offices held by them, Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude as aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Licences Licences and

and Certificates, signed and sealed respectively, as herein before Certificates is directed, shall not be considered, deemed or taken to be, Deeds at>l?

or Instruments liable to any Stamp Duties; but that the same shall p

be good and valid, and shall and may be given in Evidence in any Court of Law or Equity, as Occasion shall require, without being Stamped in any Manner whatsoever:any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See46 G.3. c. 77. 55 G.3. c. 75.]

CAP. CXIX.

An Act for improving the Funds of the Chest at,

and for transferring the Administration of the same to Greenwich Hospital: and for ameliorating the Condition of the Pensioners on the said Funds.

[29th July 1803.]

WHEREAS there now is within this Realm a certain ancient and laudable Institution, commonly called or known.

by the Name of The Chest at Chatham, for the perpetual Relief of such Mariners and Seafaring Men as have been or may happen

to be hurt or maimed in the Service of His Majesty in the Royal ‘ Navy, or in any Ship or Vessel in His Majesty's Service, either

at Sea or in Harbour; which said Chest is supported and maintained not only by certain Defalcations, Deductions and Abatements, heretofore and still rightfully and accustomably made ‘ from and out of the Wages of certain Mariners, Seamen and others, in His Majesty's Navy, and by the Fines and Mulcts imposed by Naval Courts Martial, but also by and with the Rents,

4 Issues, and Profits of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Dividends, Interest and Produce of certain Capital Stock in the Public Funds of and belonging to the said Chest; and which said Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and Capital Stock, or some Part or Parts thereof,

now are or is vested in Sir Andrew Snape Hamond Baronet, Sir 4 Francis John Hartwell Knight, Supervisors, and in John Madg- shonGentleman, and Edward Sison Gentleman, Governors of

the said Chest, and also in Abel Mosey Esquire, Deputy Remembrancer

234

C. 119.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

The Chest at Chatham removed to Greenwich, and to be called The Chest at Greenwich."

Powers vested in a Body Corporate, to be called Supervisors of The Chest at Greenwich.

of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at

some or One of them, or in some other Person or Persons, to ‘ the Use of or in Trust for the said Chest: And Whereas the ‘ Affairs of the said Chest are now conducted and managed at

Chatham in the County of Kent by certain Officers and Persons re-

moveable every Year: And Whereas in order the more effectually

to secure the due Administration of the Trusts of the said Chest,

and to increase the Funds thereof, and also the better to provide

for the Relief of such maimed and wounded Mariners and Seafar-

ing Men as aforesaid, it is expedient not only that the said Chest

should be removed from Chatham aforesaid, to the Royal Hos-

pital for Seamen at Greenwich, and be there placed under the

Superintendance and Controul of the Persons herein after named,

but also that the Affairs of the said Chest should be conducted ‘ and managed as herein after mentioned, and that the said Mes-

suages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, should be sold ‘ and disposed of, and the Monies arising therefrom vested in the

Public Funds, in Trust for the Use and Benefit of the said Chest

May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said Institution, commonly called or known by the Name of The Chest at Chatham, shall be removed from Chatham in the County of Kent, to His Majesty's Royal Hospital for Seamen at -

wich in the same County, to be there conducted and managed as herein after mentioned, and that the same shall be from henceforth denominated and called The Chest at Greenwich (a); and that all the Powers and Authorities, Rights, Privileges and Advantages now vested in the said Sir Andrew Hamond, Sir Francis

John Hartwell, John Madgshon, and Edward Sis on, or in any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall cease and determine, and that the same shall from and after the passing of this Act, be and they are hereby vested in the First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the time being, the Comptroller of His Majesty's Navy for the time being, the Governor of His Majesty's Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich for the time being, and the Auditor of the said Hospital for the time being, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same were before the passing of this Act vested in or enjoyed by the said Sir Andrew Snape Hamond, Sir Francis John Hartwell, John Madgshon, and Edward Sison, or in or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever; which said First Commissioner for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, Comptroller of His Majesty's Navy, Governor of the said Hospital, and Auditor of the said Hospital, shall be and they are hereby created for ever hereafter One Body Politic and Corporate, in Deed and Name, by the Name, Style and Title of the Supervisors of the Chest at Greenwich, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall have a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and also shall and may have Power and Authority to purchase,

(a) [Dissolved, 55 . 3. 1. § 3.]

take

A.D. 1803.

43° GEO. III. C. 119.

235

take and receive any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns, and also to take and receive the Gifts, either byWay of Alienation or Devise, of any Person or Persons, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, for any Estate or Interest whatsoever, for the Use of the said Chest, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain; and all Persons whatsoever are hereby enabled to convey and devise the same, and to give and bequeath any Goods,

Money or Chattels whatsoever, for the Use and Benefit of the said Chest; any Law, Statute or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

il Lands and Hereditaments heretofore vested in the Chest at " Chatham, divested, and vested in the Corporation created by " this Act, with Power to dispose of the same, and invest the " Produce in Three per Cent. Consols, for Benefit of the Chest at " Greenwich. § 2. Lands so sold shall be conveyed to Purchasers. §3. Stock now standing for the Use of Chatham Chest " shall be assigned to the Corporation. § 4. For Appointment u of Directors of the Chest at Greenwich. § 5. For appointing Officers and Clerks. § 6. For Appointment of Accountant and Clerks.

" § 7. For making Compensation for Loss of Places under " Chatham Chest. § 8. For providing Offices. § 9. Records " and Books of Chatham Chest shall be delivered over to Directors of Greenwich Chest. § 10. Rules and Regulations may " be made by the Supervisors (and by the Directors with Approbation of the Supervisors) for granting and paying Pensions.

" § 11.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in order to prevent the Weekly Meet-Inconveniencies arising to Persons applying for Relief from the in£s of Dl-said Chest, from being unnecessarily detained upon that Occasion, rectors* the said Directors, or Three of them at the least, shall, and they are hereby required to meet on Tuesday in every Week, for the Purpose of examining into and considering the Cases of all such Persons so applying for Relief as aforesaid; and they the said Directors shall thereupon forthwith determine upon the Case or Cases of the Person or Persons so applying, unless they shall see Occasion to adjourn the Consideration thereof.

XIII. And, the more effectually to enable such Mariners and for enabling < Seafaring Men, to whom Pensions are or shall be granted out Pensioners to of the said Chest, to receive the same in the most easy and con- receive their ‘ venient Manner, and for preventing Frauds and Abuses attend- ^omes m an ‘ ing the same Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That fo^R^eiTers it shall and may be lawful, to and for the said Directors, or the General Col-major Part of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, lectors of Reas often as there shall be Occasion, to make out or cause to be venue, &c. and made out Two Bills for every Pension granted out of the said Chest; preventing

which Bills shall be Duplicates, and joined together with oblique Frau(ls ’

Lines, Flourishes or Devices, in such Manner as the said. Directors shall think proper, and shall be payable to such Pensioner by the Receiver General of the Land Tax for any County, Riding, or City, within the United Kingdom, Collector of the Customs for any Port, Collector of Excise for any Collection in the United Kingdom, or Clerk of the Cheque at any of His Majesty's Dock

Yards

236

C. 119.

13° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

o&o

C^o

oooo

c^o<r>

0>0<0

OSOCD

oooo

C^o

oooo

o5o

oooo

oooo

OOOO

OOOO

Regulations respecting Bills after being -signed.

Yards respectively, near which such Pensioner shall happen to reside, according to the Appointment of such Bills; and the said Bills being numbered and dated shall be signed by the said Directors, or any Three of them, and attested by the said Accountant, or one of his said Clerks, and be written or printed according to the following Form:

I See 46 G. 3. c. 101. § 8.]

The Form — A. No. 1. Chest at Greenwich.

Sir, pay to B. D. of in the County of Pensioner of the Chest at, upon pro-

ducing the Duplicate hereof, together with a Certificate under the Hands of the Minister and Churchwardens [or, in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, under the Hands of the Minister and Two Elders) of the Parish where the said B. D. resides, that the said B. D. to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, is the Person named in such Bill, the Sum of being on Account of the Pension of

the said B. D. if the same shall be demanded within Six Calendar Months from the Date hereof, otherwise you are to return this Bill to the Accountant of the Chest at Greenwich.

Signed A.B.l

C.D. > Directors of the Chest at Greenwich. E.F.)

Attested, C.D. Accountant, for, Clerk to the Accountant) of the Chest at Greenwich.

To

The Receiver General of the Land Tax of the County of The Collector of the Customs at the Port of The Collector of the Excise at The Clerk of the Cheque at

(as the Case may he)

By virtue of the Act of the Forty third of King George the Third.

N.B. The personating or falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Pensioner of the Chest at, or his Execu-

tor or Administrator, in order to receive the Pension due to such Pensioner, his Executor or Administrator, or procuring any other to do the same, is made Felony without Benefit of Clergy, by the Act of the Forty third of King George the Third.

And as soon as the said Bills shall be so made out and signed, the said Directors shall cause them to be Cut asunder indentwise, through the oblique Lines, Flourishes or Devices, and shall cause One of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the Person nominated and specified in such Bills, and the other of the said Bills to be transmitted forthwith to the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, on whom such Bills shall be so drawn as aforesaid, and the said Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of Excise, and Clerk of the Cheque, if the said Duplicates of such Bills shall be produced and delivered to either of them respectively, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, are hereby required and enjoined

to

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 119.

237

to examine such Duplicate, together with the Certificate to be produced as aforesaid, and to enquire into the Truth thereof by the Oath of the Person producing the same, or such Person being a Quaker, by the solemn Affirmation of such Person (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized and required to administer) , and upon being duly satisfied of the Truth of such Certificate, to testify the same on the Back of such Bill, and shall immediately pay to such Pensioner, without Fee or Reward, on any Pretence whatsoever, the Sum contained in such Bill, taking his Receipt for the same on the Back thereof; which Bill so paid, upon being produced and delivered at the Office of the Treasurer of the Navy, shall be immediately repaid by the said Treasurer to such Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or to the Order of any such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, respectively; but in case the Duplicate of such Bill shall not be produced and delivered, and the Payment thereof be demanded, within Six Calendar Months from the Date thereof, or if a proper Certificate of the Person claiming such Pension be not likewise produced, then the said Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, shall return such Bill to the Directors of the said Chest at Greenwich, who shall cause such Bill to be cancelled; and from and after the cancelling of the same, such Part of the said Pension shall accrue and become payable in like Manner as if the said Bill had not been made out; all which said Bills and Receipts to be so made and given as aforesaid shall be free and exempt from and not liable to any Duty of Stamps whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Pensioner who shall Pensioners be entitled under the Authority of this Act to receive Payment of to. mform the his Pension by Remittance as hereinbefore mentioned shall, as thelr^han °e of often as he shall change his Place of Abode, give Notice thereof R^denceT ° to the said Directors, or to the Accountant for the said Chest;

and in case, for want of any such Notice, any Loss shall happen by reason of the Remittance of the Duplicate of such Pensioner’s Bill, to the Place from which such Pensioner shall have removed, without giving such Notice, such Loss shall fall upon and be borne and sustained by the Pensioner so making Default in this Behalf.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if Mode of pro-any such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of cee<hng in the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, to whom the Duplicate of

any of the Bills herein-before directed to be made out shall be ten- nerai1V&cS shSl dered for Payment, shall not then have in his Hands public Money not have pub-sufficient to answer the same, and shall refuse or delay the imme- lie Money in diate payment thereof, such Receiver General, Collector of the Hand. Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, shall immediately indorse on the Back of the said Duplicate the Day of its being so tendered to him, and the Cause of his Refusal or Delay to pay the same, and shall appoint thereon, for the Payment of such Bill, some future Day within the Space of Two Months at the farthest, from the Day of its having been first tendered to him

as

238

C. 119.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons wilfully delaying, or ra> ceiving a Fee, Sec. for the Payment of any Bill.

[Penalty.]

Treasurer of the .Navy to be allowed all Bills paid by him.

Persons personating Pensioners, or procuring the same,

Death.

Perjury.

as aforesaid; which Duplicate, with the Indorsement thereon, shall be immediately delivered back to the Person presenting the same; and if upon Complaint to be made to the respective Commissioners appointed by his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to manage the said several Duties of the Land Tax, Customs or Excise, or to the Commissioners of the Navy if the Person complained of be a Clerk of the Cheque, it shall appear that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, hath unnecessarily and wilfully refused or delayed the Payment of such Bill, or that such Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise, or Clerk of the Cheque, or any Person employed by or under any of them, hath directly or indirectly received or taken any Fee, Reward, Gratuity, Discount or Deduction whatsoever, on account of the Payment of the said Bill, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to convict and fine any such Offender under their respective Direction, in any sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence; which Conviction shall be made by such respective Commissioners; and such Fine shall be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Conviction may be made and any Penalty may be levied or recovered for any Offence against any Law by which any Custom or Excise is imposed or laid; and the said Fine, when recovered, shall be paid to the Informer or Informers against such Offender or Offenders.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Bills so paid by the said Treasurer of the Navy shall be allowed as so much Cash paid in ready Money in the Accounts of the said Treasurer of the Navy with the said Directors of the said Chest at Greenwich, and the said Directors of the said Chest at Greenwich are hereby required and directed to allow and pay the same to the said Treasurer of the Navy accordingly.

XVII. And Whereas divers wicked Practices may be carried on by Persons knowingly and wilfully personating and falsely assuming the Name and Character of any Pensioner of the said Chest, or the Executor or Administrator of any such Pensioner, 4 in order to receive the Money due to any such Pensioner on account of his Pension Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, whosoever willingly and knowingly shall personate or falsely assume the Name or Character of, or procure any other to personate or falsely to assume the Name or Character of any Person entitled or supposed to be entitled as a Pensioner, or as the Executor or Administrator of any Person entitled or supposed to be entitled as a Pensioner, to any Pension or Allowance of Money from the said Chest, in order to receive the Money due or supposed to be due on such Pension, every such Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted of any such Offence or Offences, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and suffer Death as a Felon without Benefit of Clergy.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person upon Examination upon Oath or Affirmation before any Receiver General of the Land Tax, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, touching any of the Matters or Things hereinbefore directed to be inquired into, upon Oath or

Affirmation

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 119.

239

Affirmation as aforesaid, shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, as any Person convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury is by any Law now in Force subject and liable to.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters or Packets addressed to the said Directors, or their Accountant for the time being, upon any Business or Affairs relating to the said Chest, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be free from the Duty of Postage; and also that all Letters or Packets sent by the said Accountant, or in his Absence by his Chief Clerk for the time being, in the Execution of this Act, in Manner and Form hereinafter directed, shall be sent free from the said Duty of Postage; and all Letters and Packets relating to the Execution of this Act, that shall be forwarded by the said Accountant, or his said Chief Clerk as aforesaid, shall be under Covers, with the Words " Pursuant to Act of Parliament Forty third George the Third, " printed upon the same; and the said Accountant or his said Chief Clerk, as the Case may be, shall write his Name under the same; and they and each of them are and is hereby strictly prohibited from inclosing or sending under such Covers, any Writing, Paper or Parcel whatsoever, excepting such as relate to the Execution of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Accountant or Clerk as aforesaid shall presume to send or convey, under any of the Covers aforesaid, any Writing, Paper or Parcel, other than those relating to the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by any Person or Persons, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law or more than- One Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty shall go to the Person who shall sue for the same, and the other Moiety thereof to and for the Benefit of the said Chest.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Assignments, Bargains, Sales, Orders, Contracts, Agreements or Securities whatsoever, which shall be given or made by any Pensioner, for, upon or in respect of any Sum or Sums of Money to become due on any Pension granted or to be granted by the Directors of the said Chest, shall be absolutely null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Pensioner to whom such Duplicate of Bill shall be remitted, shall be prevented or disabled from appearing personally before the Receiver General, Collector of the Customs, Collector of the Excise or Clerk of the Cheque, by bodily Infirmity, and such Disability shall be certified in Writing by the Minister and Churchwardens, or Minister and Elders (as the Case may be) of the Parish where such Pensioner may happen to reside, or by the Physician, Surgeon or Apothecary attending him, then and in such Case, the Sum mentioned in such Duplicate of Bill shall be paid to any other Person whom such Pensioner shall by Writing under

his

Accountant and his Clerk may send and receive Letters and Packets upon Business relating to the said Chest, free of Postage.

Accountant or Clerk sending any Writing, Paper, or Parcel, other than relating to Act.

Penalty 1001.

Assignments made by Pensioners to be void.

When Pensioner cannot appear personally, on Certificate of Minister, Sec. Pension may be paid to Iris Order.

240

0.119 — 121.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

his Hand, to be indorsed upon such Duplicate, order the same to be paid, such Person at the Time of demanding Payment thereof, producing such Duplicate of Bill, together with such Certificates respectively, as to the Identity of such Pensioner, and his Inability to appear personally as before mentioned, and giving a Receipt for the same at the Foot of such Order; which Order, and also the Receipt last mentioned, shall be respectively free from the Duty of Stamps; and such Receipt shall be as effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes as if given by such Pensioner, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[Amended, 46 G. 3. 101. See 1 &2 4. c. 98.]

CAP. CXX.

An Act to amend an Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of, intituled,

An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to provide 6 for the Defence and Security of the Realm during the -6 sent War, and for indemnifying Persons who may in

their Property by such Measures as may be necessary for £ that Purposeand to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects case of Invasion of the Realm.

[11th August 1803.]

[Repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 90.]

CAP. CXXI.

An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops of Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose of being trained together, in Great Britain and Irelanand for subjecting to Military Discipline, during the War, such Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry as receive constant Pay, and all Trumpeters, Drummers or Bugle Men serving therein, and receiving Pay at any daily or weekly Rate; and for the further regulating of such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

[11 th August 1803.]

42 G. 3. c .66.(WHEREAS an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the

4 W Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services: And Whereas it is expedient to regulate the Returns and Musters of such Corps,

and thereby to make Provisions in relation to such Corps, that no Persons enrolled therein shall be entitled to or have any Exemptions from being ballotted to serve in any additional Military Force raised or to be raised for the Defertce of the United Kingdom, unless they shall appear to be and are returned under this < Act as effective and fit to serve: And Whereas many Corps and Troops of Volunteer Cavalry in Great Britain, whose Offers of Service have been accepted by His Majesty, or which may here-

after

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 121.

241

‘ after be formed in pursuance of the said Act, are or may be desirous of assembling together at such convenient Places, and for ‘ such Time as may be fixed under the Authority of this Act, for < the Purpose of more effectually training and disciplining themselves, and for that Purpose it may be necessary to provide Quarters, and to billet such of the said Volunteers as may not ‘ find it convenient to return to their own Houses after each Day’s ‘ Exercise: And Whereas it is also expedient to make Regulations respecting Serjeants, Corporals, Trumpeters and Drummers,

‘ serving in or with such Corps in Great Britain and May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Officers commanding such Corps respectively shall, on or before the First Day of September succeeding the passing of this Act, and on or before the First Day of January, the First Day of and the First Day

of September, in each and every succeeding Year, during the Continuance of the War, make Returns to the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) , for the Use of the respective Lieutenants of their respective Counties, and certify the same to be true, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and every such Commanding Officer shall distinguish in all such Returns the effective from the noneffective Members of such Corps, together with the Names of all such Persons as have joined their respective Corps since the last Returns, and which of such Persons respectively shall have entered themselves as effective Members thereof, and the Names of all Persons who shall continue effective Members of such Corps respectively, and also the Names of all such Persons as shall, by reason of Defaults in not attending the Exercise of any such Corps, have become noneffective Members thereof, and shall also make to the Secretary of State, the Adjutant General of the Forces and to the General of the District, when any such shall be appointed, accurate Returns of their respective Corps, specifying the Numbers of effective and noneffective Men in their Corps at the Time of making such Returns; and all such last mentioned Returns shall be made as near as may be, according to the Nature of the Corps, in the Form in which Military Returns are usually made on the First of every Month.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed, construed or taken to be an effective Member of such Corps, or shall be returned as such by any Commanding Officer, or entitled to any Exemption from being ballotted or enrolled to serve in any additional Forces, raised or to be raised under any Acts passed in this or any subsequent Session of Parliament, for enabling His Majesty more effectually to raise any additional Military Force for the better Defence and Security of the United Kingdom, and for the more vigorous Prosecution of the War, or to supply any Vacancies in such additional Force as aforesaid, unless such Person shall have duly attended properly armed, accoutred and equipped, at the Muster or Exercise of the 43 Geo. III. R Corps

Commanding Officers to make Returns of their Corps Three Times a Year.

To be deemed effective Members, Persons shall duly attend, if Cavalry 12, if Infantry 24, Days in a Year.

242

C. 121.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons duly-returned exempted from Ballot for any additional Force.

Act not to alter 42 G. 3 c. 2. 66. 68.

Corps to which he belongs, if Cavalry, Twelve Days, if Infantry, Twenty four Days at the least, between the First Day of January and the last Day of December in each Year, (unless prevented by actual Sickness, such Sickness to be certified by some medical Practitioner to the Commanding Officer of the Corps,) and who shall not be returned according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, by the Commanding Officer of the Corps, as having so attended Musters and Exercise as aforesaid, and as being, from his Attendance and Exercise in such Corps, effective and fit for Service: Provided always, that every Person duly returned in any such Muster Roll and Return under this Act, shall, from the Date of such Muster Roll and Return, be exempted from being balloted or enrolled to serve in any additional Force raised or to be raised under any Act or Acts of this or any subsequent Session of Parliament, or to supply any Vacancy therein, and shall remain so exempted until he shall be struck out of the Muster Roll of his Corps for Nonattendance or Default.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter or repeal any of the Provisions of Two Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament, to enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers of certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services, and to accept and continue the Services of certain Troops or Companies of Yeomanry in Ireland (except so far as the same are hereby expressly varied or altered.)

IV. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Men enrolled, or the Majority of them, in any such Troop or Troops of Volunteer Cavalry, shall, through their Captain or Commanding Officer, signify in Writing to the Lieutenant of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place where such Troop or Corps shall be raised, or in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieutenant, to the Deputy Lieutenants executing the Office of the Lieutenant, their

e ‘th -^es^re to assemble under the Command of their own Officers at the?oncurrence any ^ace *n particular, or at any convenient Place or Places of the General of either within the same County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, the District, &c. or without, for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, for any Space of Time not exceeding in the whole Ten Days, either successively or at intervals, within the space of Four Months, and either in separate Corps or Troops, or together with any other Corps or Troops of Volunteer Cavalry, who shall also have signified their Desire of assembling for that Purpose in like Manner, or with any Regiment, Troop or Troops of His Majesty's Regular Forces of Cavalry, or any Number of such Cavalry, in case His Majesty shall think proper to give Directions to such of his Cavalry as aforesaid for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants respectively in every Year, in pursuance of the Desire of any Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, to be signified in Manner aforesaid, to make an Order for assembling such Volunteer Cavalry at such Place or Places as the said Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, with the Concurrence of the General Officer having the Command of the District, and in case the Place appointed shall be in another County or Riding, then also with the Concurrence of the Lieutenant of such County or Riding, or Deputy Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall

think

On Desire of Volunteer Cavalry to assemble for being trained, the Lieutenant of the County, &e. may make an Order for that

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 121.

243

think fit; and likewise to direct an Order to any Justice of the Peace of the County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place where such Volunteer Cavalry shall be appointed to assemble themselves for the Purpose aforesaid, in which Order shall be specified the Place or Places at which, and precise Time or Times during which such Volunteer Cavalry are to continue so assembled under the Authority of this Act; and the Justice of the Peace to whom such Order Justice to issue shall be directed shall issue his Precept to the Constable, Head- Precept to the borough or other Officer of the Peace of the Place where such Volunteer Corps or Troops are to be assembled, for quartering and commissioned billeting the Noncommissioned Officers, Trumpeters (or Bugle Officers and Men) and Privates of such Volunteer Corps or Troops, upon such Men, as in Re-Persons and in such Houses situate in the Place or Places specified Su*ar Forces* in such Order, as His Majesty's Regular Forces may by Law be quartered and billeted upon; and that from and after the Delivery of such Order of the Lieutenant of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, or Deputy Lieutenants acting as aforesaid, made with such Consent and Concurrence as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace of any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, where any such Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry are to assemble, it shall be lawful to quarter and billet the Noncommissioned Officers, Trumpeters (or Bugle Men) and Private Men of any such Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, in all and every the Houses situate in such Place or Places as aforesaid, in which, and upon all and every the Persons on whom any of His Majesty's Regular Forces may by Law be quartered and billeted; and that from and after the delivery of any such Order, during the Times appointed as aforesaid for such Training and Exercise, all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Allowances,

Matters and Things provided and established by an}' Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in Force for quartering and billeting His Majesty's Regular Forces, shall be used and put in practice for quartering and billeting the Corps and Troops of Volunteer Cavalry assembled under the Authority of this Act, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Provisions, Rules,

Penalties, Allowances, Matters and Things had been specially re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Lieutenant of Day and Place any County, Riding, Stewartry, City or Place, or the Deputy ^fc^je, cer Lieutenants as aforesaid, shall have fixed the Day and Place of tffiedtoRe-Exercise for any Corps or Troop of Volunteer Cavalry, he or they ceiver General, shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Receiver General who is to issue of such County, Riding or Place, if in E, or if in Pay-to the Receiver General for Scotland, specifying the Number of

Men and the Number of Days appointed for exercising them, not exceeding in the whole Ten Days; and such Receiver General is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to issue and pay to the Officer having the Command of each Corps or Troop at the Rate of Two Shillings 'per Day for each Volunteer who shall attend the Place of Exercise, and One Shilling and Four Pence per Day for each Horse, Mare or Gelding belonging to such Corps or Troop, and used In Exercise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Officer having the Commanding Command of such Troop of Volunteer Cavalry shall make up an Officer to ae-

R 2 Account

24 4

count in the following

Form,

and sign and deliver it to the Receiver General.

When Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland are assembled under Arms, Mayors, &c. may billet them as in Regular Forces.

Serjeants, Trumpeters, &c. of Volunteer Corps in G. B. and Ireland, who receive Pay, shall in War Time be subject to the Mutiny Laws.

C. 121. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Account of all Monies received and paid by him on account of such Exercise, according to the following Form:

County of Dr. per Contra Cr.

§£* s. d. S. d.

Paid Volunteer

Cavalry Men, for their Attendance at the Place of Exercise on the Days appointed, being Days’ Pay -

Paid Allowance

for Horses, used in Exercise for Days ......

Which Account shall be signed by the Officer having the Command of such Troop, and such Officer shall, within Ten Days after the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to the said Receiver General; and such Account shall be allowed as sufficient Vouchers in the passing of the Accounts of the said Receiver General by the proper Auditor of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer.

VII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland shall be assembled under Arms by Authority of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, either in case of Rebellion, Invasion, Insurrection or Apprehension thereof, or for the Purpose of being trained and exercised, either in separate Corps, or together with any Corps of Yeomanry, or with any Regiment, Company or Troop of His Majesty's Regular or Militia Forces, it shall and may be lawful to and for all Mayors, Sovereigns, Bailiffs, Burgomasters, Seneschals, Constables, and the Chief and other Magistrates and Officers of Cities, Towns, Parishes and Places in land, and (in their Default or Absence) for any One Justice of the Peace inhabiting within or near any such City, Town, Parish or Place, and they and he is and are hereby required to quarter and billet the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Bugle Men, Drummers and Private Men, serving in the said Corps of Yeomanry, during their being so assembled, or on their March, for any of the Purposes aforesaid, as by Law they may billet His Majesty's Regular Military Forces or the Militia in Ireland.

iVIII. And Whereas great Inconvenience hath been found to e arise to the Volunteer and Yeomanry Service in Great Britain ‘ and Ireland during War, from there being no Authority to en-(force Military Discipline among the Serjeants, Trumpeters,

1 (or Bugle Men) and Drummers of Volunteer and Yeomanry 1 Corps receiving Pay, or to prevent them from quitting such Corps and enlisting into His Majesty's other Forces, without the (Leave of their respective Commanders; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That such of the Serjeants serving in any Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps of Cavalry or Infantry in Great Britain or Ireland as receive the constant Pay of their Rank therein, and all Trumpeters

20 (or

To Cash received of the Receiver General, for Days’ Pay of Men -

To Ditto for Days’ Allowance for Horses -

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 121.

245

(or Bugle Men) and Drummers serving in such Corps, and receiving any Pay therein either at a daily or weekly Rate, shall, at all Times during the Continuance of War, be subject to any Act which shall be in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War established for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and shall be liable to be tried for any Crime committed against such Act or Articles of War, by a general Detachment or Regimental Court Martial, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, in like Manner and under the like Regulations as Serjeants, Trumpeters or Drummers of His Majesty's other Forces maybe tried: Provided, that every such Courts Martial Court Martial shall be composed wholly of Officers of the Volunteer to be composed or Yeomanry Establishment; and that no Punishment awarded by such Court Martial shall extend to Life or Limb, except when cers °n such Corps are called out in Cases of Invasion or Appearance of an Enemy in Force upon the Coast.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual In- In G. B, in vasion, or Appearance of an Enemy in Force upon the Coast, Cases of Inva-whenever His Majesty shall order the Lord Lieutenant, or Deputy SIon’ &c' Jeo" Lieutenants acting in any County, Stewartry, Riding, City or ^Uabk0" Place in Great Britain, to draw out, assemble and embody the to march ac-Men enrolled under any Act of this Session of Parliament, or in cording to their which any Men so enrolled shall so assemble under any pro- Terms of Ser-visional Order of His Majesty, on any such Invasion or Appear- vice *

ance of an Enemy as aforesaid, all Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain shall forthwith assemble in their respective Districts, and shall be liable to march according to their respective Terms of Service; and the Officers and Private Men in Subject to Mu-such Corps shall, from such Time and until the Enemy shall be tiny Laws, defeated and expelled, and all Rebellion and Insurrection then existing in the Realm shall be suppressed, be subject to any Act then in Force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all Persons not then joining their respective Corps, and assembling and marching therewith, shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as a Deserter, according to the Provisions of any such Act as aforesaid, and of any Articles made in pursuance thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of Invasion, In jreiand in

Rebellion, Insurrection or Apprehension thereof in, it Cases of Inva-

shall be lawful for His Majesty, or the Lord Lieutenant' or other sion. Rebellion, Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, to &c- Ma-order all Corps of Yeomanry in Ireland forthwith to assemble in j_sty or the Lord their respective Districts; and the said Corps shall thereupon be orderYeomanry liable to march according to their respective Terms of Service, to assemble, and the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Trumpeters, Bugle and they shall Men, Drummers and Private Men in such Corps, shall, from such be babl to

- Time, and until the Enemy shall be defeated and expelled, and all march>&c-Rebellion and Insurrection, or Apprehension thereof, shall cease, be subject to any Act then in Force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof; and all Persons not then joining their respective Corps, and assem-

R 3 bling

246

C. 121.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Volunteers put under General Officers.

Rank of Officers.

Money subscribed for Corps, and Arms, Stores, &c. vested in Commanding Officex-s.

Persons refusing to pay Money required by the Rules of the Corps, or Penalties, One Justice may cause the same, with Double the Amount, to be levied by Distress, which is to go to the General Stock, Ac.

bling and marching therewith, shall be liable to be apprehended and punished as Deserters, according to the Provisions of any such Act as aforesaid, and of any Articles made in pursuance thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted, That such Corps of Volunteers and Yeomanry in Great Britain and Ireland shall, on so assembling as aforesaid, march under their respective Officers, but shall be put under such General Officers as His Majesty shall from time to time appoint for that Purpose, or shall be commanding in the Districts in which such Corps respectively in Great Britain and Ireland respectively shall act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Officers of Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular and Militia Forces as the youngest of their respective Ranks.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Money subscribed by

or for the Use of any such Corps in Great Britain or,

and all Arms, Stores, Ammunition, Drums, Fifes or Musical Instruments, or other Articles, of whatever Kind or Sort the same may be, belonging to any such Corps, or used by any such Corps, not being the Property of any particular Individual of such Corps, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Commanding Officer of the Corps; and shall for all Purposes of Indictment, Action or Suit, Criminal or Civil, in Law or Equity, be deemed and taken to be the Property of the Commanding Officer of the Corps, and shall and may be laid so to be in any Indictment, or may be sued for and recovered as such, or may be stated to be such in any Action relating thereto; and no Indictment, Suit, Action or Prosecution, shall be discontinued or abated by the Death or Removal of any such Commanding Officer, but the same may be proceeded in by the succeeding Commanding Officer, or the Commanding Officer for the time being; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person enrolled in any such Corps in Great Britain or Ireland shall have neglected or refused, on Demand made for that Purpose, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or required by the Rules and Regulations of such Corps to be subscribed by him towards any Expences of the Corps to which he belongs, or to pay any Fines or Penalties incurred under any of the Rules or Regulations thereof, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing in or near to the Place where such Corps shall be, on Application made for that Purpose, and Proof thereof by any Commanding Officer or Treasurer, or Two of the Committee, or Secretary of any such Corps, to cause the same, together with Double the Amount thereof as a Penalty or Forfeiture, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and the Sums so levied shall go to the General Stock of such Corps, to be applied in the general Expences thereof, in like Manner as any Subscription or Sums of Money received by or for such Corps may be applied; or where

there

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 121.

247

there shall be no such Subscription or Stock of such Corps, then to such Purposes relating to such Corps as the Commanding Officer thereof may think fit.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue Continuance and be in Force during the Continuance of the War, and until of Act.

Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace with France.

u Act may be altered, &c. this Session. § 16.

SCHEDULE (A.)

To A.B. his Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled, and serving in the of

commanded by

EFFECTIVES. EFFECTIVES. NONEFFECTIVES.

No. Parish. Name. When enrolled. No. Parish. Name. When enrolled. No. Parish. Name. When enrolled.

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 A.B. ! 6

N. j25. Discharged or quitted since the Date of the last Muster Roll,

B.

C.D. &c.

Total Number in the Corps exempt from serving in the Militia or other additional Force -

D° — — — not exempt from serving in *

the Militia or other additional Force -

Total Number of Men enrolled in the Corps —

C.D. (Signed) A.B.

Adjutant or Serjeant Major. Commanding Officer

SCHEDULE (B).

T K. L. Commanding Officer of the 9 do hereby certify, upon my Honour, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act

that I have not, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted or caused to be inserted in the above Muster Roll, as an effective Man, the Name of any Person who has not duly attended properly armed and equipped at the Muster and Exercise of the said Corps as re-

R 4 quired

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

248 C. 121 — 125.

quiredby this Act, or been prevented by actual Sickness, certified to me by a Medical Practitioner, and who is not an effective Man, (Signed) Commanding Officer.

Dated the

[Repealed as to Great B44 G. 3. 54. Continued as to

Ireland, 54 G. 3. c. 178. Amended, 56 G. 3. c. 72. § 1. Continued, 58 G. 3. c. 40. Continued as to Yeomanry Corps in Ireland for Two Years, 1 G. 4. c. 48.

CAP. CXXII.

EXP. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices.

[11th August 1803.]

CAP. CXXIII.

An Act for exempting Persons serving, or who have found Substitutes to serve, in the additional Military Force, raised under an Act of this Session of Parliament, from being - ballotted to serve in the Militia of England.

[11th 1803.]

[. Repealed as therein mentioned, 46 G. 3. c. 51.]

CAP. CXXIV.

An Act to rectify a Mistake in an Act, made in the present Session of Parliament, for raising an additional Military Force in Scotland; and for exempting Persons serving therein, either personally or by Substitute, from being ballotted to serve in the Militia of Scotland.

[11th August 1803.] [/ npart repealed, 46 G- 3. c. 51.]

CAP. CXXV.

An Act to empower His Majesty's Commissioners of Lieutenancy for the City of London to carry into Execution, within the said City, an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act passed in the present Session of,

intituled 6 An Act to enable His Majesty more effectually to 6 provide for the Defence a7id Security of the Realm during 6 the present War, and for indemnifying Persons *who may 6suffer in their Property by such Measures as may be necessary (for that Purpose f and to enable His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted,

in requiring the Military Service of his liege Subjects case of Invasion of the Realm.

[11th August 1803.]

[Repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 90. § l.J

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 126.

249

CAP. CXXVI.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Receipts.

[11th August 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Thirty first Year of the W Reign of His present Majesty intituled An Act for

pealing the Duties now charged on Bills of Exchange, Promissory 1 Notes and other Notes, Drafts and , and on

and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof: And Whereas ‘ another Act was made in the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of 1 His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His

Majesty certain additional Duties on Receipts: Now we, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the ‘ United Kingdom of Great Britain and, in Parliament

‘ assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies to defray ‘ the Expenses of the just and necessary War in which Your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved, that ‘ the Stamp Duties on Receipts, Discharges or Acquittances,

granted by the said recited Acts, should be repealed, and that ‘ the Duties hereinafter mentioned should be raised, levied, col-1 lected and paid in lieu thereofand do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several and respective Stamp Duties on Receipts, Discharges or Acquittances, given for or upon the Payment of Money, granted by the said recited Acts, shall, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, k cease, determine and be no longer paid or payable, save and except as to any Arrears of the said several Duties, or any of them, which may, on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, remain unpaid; or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, relating thereto, which shall have been incurred before or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three.

" New Duties imposed. § 2.

[See44 G. 3. c. 98. Duties, 48 G. 3. c. 149. § 1. and Sch.Part I.]

III. And be it further enacted, That every Receipt, Discharge or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum or Writing whatever, given to any Person or Persons for or upon the Payment of Money, which shall contain or express, or in any manner signify or denote, any general Acknowledgement of any Debt, Claim, Account or Demand, or all or any Debts, Claims, Accounts or Demands, being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released or satisfied, or whereby any Sum of Money therein mentioned shall be acknowledged to be in full or in Discharge or Satisfaction of all or any such Debts, Claims, Accounts or Demands, or intended so to be, and whether the same shall or shall not be signed by or with the Name or Names of the Person or Persons by or on whose Behalf the same shall be given, shall be deemed

and

31 G.3. c. 25.

35 G.3. c. 55.

Stamp Duties on Receipts under recited Acts, repealed from October 10, 1803, except Arrears, &c.

What to be deemed a Receipt in full, and subject to the Duty of 5s.

250

C. 126.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Receipts to have the proper Stamps, and Persons giving them liable to pay the Duty.

Persons requiring Receipt may provide Stamp, and demand Payment of Duty from Person giving Receipt, who shall pay it.

Refusing to give Receipt, or tp pay Duty.

Penalty 101.

No Receipt given in Evidence unless stamped with a lawful Stamp.

and taken to be a Receipt for the Sum of Five hundred Pounds and upwards, within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall be liable to the Stamp Duty' of Five Shillings by this Act imposed thereon; and no such Receipt, Discharge or Acquittance, Note, Memorandum or Writing, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be useful or available in Law or Equity as an Acknowledgement of any Debts, Claims, Accounts or Demands, being paid, settled, received, accounted for, balanced, discharged, released or satisfied, whether generally or otherwise, or for any other or greater Sum of Money than the Sum of Money therein expressed, unless the same shall be stamped with the proper Stamp to denote the said Duty of Five Shillings hereby imposed; any Thing in such Receipt, Discharge, Acquittance, Note, Memorandum or Writing expressed notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Receipt, Acquittance or Discharge for any Sum or Sums of Money amounting to Forty Shillings or upwards, shall contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act be engrossed, written or printed on Vellum, Parchment or Paper which shall not be stamped or marked according to the Directions of this Act, or which shall be stamped or marked with a Stamp or Mark of a lower Denomination or Value than by this Act is directed, then and in every such case there shall be due and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the full Duty hereby chargeable thereon as aforesaid, and which Duty shall be payable by and charged upon all and every Person or Persons by this Act required to give any such Receipt, Acquittance or Discharge, his, her and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, or any Agent or Agents of any Person or Persons, from whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be due or payable, or claimed to be due or payable, and who shall have paid such Sum or Sums of Money, to provide aPiece of Paper, Vellum or Parchment duly stamped with the proper Duty, and according to the Amount of the Sum or Sums so paid as aforesaid, or some higher Rate of Duty in this Act contained, and to demand and require of the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Agent or Agents to whom the same shall have been paid, a Receipt, Discharge and Acquittance for such Sum or Sums of Money, and also the Amount of the Duty thereon as aforesaid; and if any Person to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall have been paid as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Receipt, Discharge and Acquittance upon demand thereof, or pay the Amount thereof as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered as any Penalty may be recovered under the said recited Acts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Receipt, Discharge or

Acquittance aforesaid, liable to the Duties by this Act granted, or any of them, shall be pleaded or given in Evidence in any Court, or admitted in any Court to be good, useful or available in Law or Equity, unless the Vellum, Parchment or Paper on which such Receipt, Discharge or Acquittance shall be engrossed, nrinted, written or made, shall be stamped or marked with a law-1 20 ful

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 126.

251

ful Stamp or Mark to denote the Rate of Duty as by this Act is directed, or some higher Rate of Duty in this Act contained.

" Persons having Stamps to denote the Duty of Six Pence payable << by recited Acts may, within Six Months after October 10, 1803, " have others in lieu at the Stamp Office, on paying the additional " Duty. § 7.

[j Exp.']

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Persons who shall, at any Time after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, have in their Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped or marked with any Stamp or Mark, or Stamps or Marks, used to denote any of the Duties payable by Law before the passing of this Act on Receipts, Discharges or Acquittances given or and upon the Payment of Money, to use and apply, after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which shall have been so stamped under the said recited Acts, provided the same be used for and applied to Receipts, Discharges or Acquittances for such and the like Amounts of Money respectively, as the like Rate of Stamp Duty could or might be used and applied under and by virtue of this Act; and all such Receipts, Discharges and Acquittances, shall be as valid and effectual in all respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been written upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper stamped in pursuance of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That for the effectual levying, collecting or paying the said Duties hereinbefore granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the time being appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are required and empowered to denote the Payment of the said Duties by this Act imposed, either by using any Stamps in their Possession heretofore provided to be used in relation to any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or to provide new Stamps for that Purpose, and to renew or alter the same respectively, from time to time, as they shall see occasion, and to do ail things necessary to be done for putting this Act in execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a manner as they or the major Part of them are authorised to put in execution any former Law concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the Receipts, Discharges or Acquittances, which by the said recited Acts or either of them are particularly exempted from the Duties imposed by the said recited Acts or either of them, shall also be and are hereby exempted from the Duties imposed by this Act, as fully and effectually as if the said Exemptions had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used or provided, made or used in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act granted, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, with Intention to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall

utter,

Stamps under the former Acts may be used if of the Value required by this Act.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners for Stamps.

Receipts exempted from the Duty under former Acts to continue so.

Counterfeiting Stamps, &c.

252

C. 126.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Death.

Powers relating to former Duties to extend to this Act.

Duties to be paid to the Receiver General, and by him paid into the Exchequer.

Appropriation of Duties.

utter, vend, sell or expose to Sale any Vellum, Parchment or Paper liable to the said Duties, with such Counterfeit Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark directed or allowed to be used by the same recited Acts or this Act, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Clauses and Allowances on present Payment of the Duties, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by or contained in the said recited Acts, or any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, (and not hereby altered) , shall be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duties hereby imposed, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing the said Duties hereby imposed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had severally and respectively been hereby re-enacted, with relation to the said Duties hereby imposed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the said Duties hereinbefore granted shall be paid from time to time into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same being deducted) into His Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer at at such Time and in such Manner as other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are directed to be paid, and shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three, out of the Monies that shall be paid into the said Receipt of the said Duties hereby granted, and Arrears of Duties hereby repealed, the Sum of Sixteen thousand seven hundred and twenty six Pounds, being One fourth Part of the Sum of Sixty six thousand nine hundred and four Pounds, the annual average Produce for Three Years, ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and three, of the whole of the said Duties hereby repealed, shall, quarterly, on the Fifth Day of J, the Fifth Day of April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every Year, during the Period of Ten Years, be set apart from the Remainder of the said Monies; and that after the setting apart at the said Receipt of Exchequer at the End of each such Quarter the Sum of Sixteen thousand seven hundred and twenty six Pounds, the said Remainder of the said Monies arising or to arise of the said several Duties, and of Arrears as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made by virtue of any Act or Acts passed in this Session of Parliament; and that the said Remainder of the said Monies shall, during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing,

be

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 126, 127.

253

be paid into the said Receipt distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue; and that there shall be provided and kept at the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, during the said Period of Ten Years, a Book or Books in which the said Remainder of the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall, together with the Monies arising from any other Rates or Duties granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Purpose of defraying such increased Charges as aforesaid, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever.

[See c. 127. §9.]

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time or times be sued, molested or prosecuted for any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Clause, Matter or Thing herein contained, such Person or Persons shall or may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs awarded to him or them against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

CAP. CXXVII.

An Act for consolidating the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain.

[11th 1803.]

WHEREAS the several Rates and Duties under the Management and Care of the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are appro-

priated and applicable to various Purposes according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament granting the same; and the said Commissioners and other Officers employed in the ‘ Collection and Management of the said Rates and Duties are

required to keep separate and distinct Accounts of the Monies arising from the several Rates and Duties as they respectively are paid into the Hands of the said Officers, and likewise to provide and use different and distinct Dies or Stamps to denote each Rate and Duty: And Whereas it is expedient to prevent the Multiplication of Stamps upon such Pieces of Vellum,

4 Parchment or Paper, or other Instruments, Matters or Things on which several Rates and Duties are by several Acts of Parliament imposed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, instead of the distinct Stamps, Dies or Marks directed to be provided to denote the several Duties on the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter or Thing charged therewith, to cause One new Stamp, Die or Mark to be provided to denote the said several Rates and Duties on every such Piece of Vellum, Parchment

In action for executing act.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Commissioners for Stamps empowered to provide One new Stamp to denote the several Duties on Parchment, Sec.

254

C. 127.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

The several Duties denoted by the same Die to be consolidated, and One Account only kept of the Monies arising from such consolidated Duties.

Monies arising from Stamp Duties paid to Receiver General, who is to keep only One Account, and pay into Exchequer weekly.

Commissioners and Officers to observe Orders of Treasury.

ment or Paper, or other Instrument, Matter or Tiling charged with the said several Rates or Duties, from time to time as shall be by them thought needful, and to repair, renew or alter the same as there shall be occasion; any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And in order that all the Monies which shall arise from the several Rates and Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, ‘ Parchment and Paper, which are or shall be denoted by the same Die, Mark or Stamp, may be brought into One Account/ Be it enacted, That instead of the several Rates and Duties imposed by several Acts of Parliament upon the same Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter or Thing charged with several Rates or Duties, being levied, collected and received in several and distinct Sums, according to the several Proportions by which the same are imposed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and all and every the Officer and Officers who shall be concerned in the Management of the said Rates and Duties under the said Commissioners, to consolidate the Monies arising or to arise from the said several Rates and Duties into One Sum, to the Amount of all the said several Rates, and to levy, collect and receive the same accordingly; and to keep at the Head Office of Stamps One distinct Account of the Monies arising from the said Consolidated Duties, and to bring into the same Account all Rates and Duties under the Management of them the said Commissioners, which are and shall be in pursuance of this or any former Act denoted by the same Die, Mark or Stamp, without any Separation of the several Parts or Members thereof, or Distinction taken or made as to the Uses or Purposes to which the same are or are intended to be appropriated or applied, or the Act or Acts of Parliament granting, appropriating or regulating the same; any former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, all Monies arising from the Rates and Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall keep One Account only of all the said Rates and Duties, and pay the same accordingly (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same being deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer from time to time weekly; that is to say, on Wednesday in every Week, if the same be not an Holiday, and if the same be an Holiday, then on the next Day which shall not be an Holiday, for the Purposes hereinafter declared and expressed; any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Clause, Matter or Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and all other Officers who shall be employed or entrusted by or under them, shall, from time to time, in and for the better Execution of their several Places and Trusts, observe and perform such Rules and Orders as they respectively shall from time to

time

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 127.

255

time receive from the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being.

V. And Whereas, by an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to ‘ enable the Commissioners of Stamp Duties to stamp Deeds and

other Instruments, Bills of Exc, Promissory and other

1 Notes, in the Cases therein mention, it is among other things

‘ enacted, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or

‘ their Officer, upon Payment of the Duty and a Penalty of Five ‘ Pounds in the said Act mentioned, to stamp any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereupon any Instrument, Matter or Thing,

‘ (except Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes,

‘ Drafts or Orders) , shall have been or shall be engrossed, printed ‘ or written, liable in respect thereof to be stamped with a Stamp or Stamps of a particular Denomination or Value, and whereon ‘ there is or shall be impressed any Stamp or Stamps of a different

Denomination, but of an equal or greater Value, in certain Cases ‘ therein mentioned: And Whereas it is expedient to permit the same to be done without Payment of the said Penalty Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or their Officer as aforesaid, from and after the passing of this Act, to stamp or cause to be stamped any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper (except as aforesaid) , in any of the Cases hereinbefore mentioned, without Payment of the said Penalty of Five Pounds required by the said recited Act; and every Instrument, Matter or Thing so stamped, shall have and be deemed of the like Force and Validity as if the said Penalty of Five Pounds had been paid pursuant to the Direction of the said Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Instrument, Matter, or Thing, although stamped or impressed with any Stamp of greater Value than the Stamp required by Law, shall be valid and effectual, provided such Stamp shall be of the Denomination required by Law for such Instrument, Matter or Thing; any Statute Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and their Officers, and all other the Officer and Officers concerned in the Management of any of the said Rates and Duties, shall be subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures for any Breach of the Trust in them reposed, or for diverting or misapplying the Money received in pursuance of this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contrary to the true Intent of this Act, as by any former Law relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners are inflicted; and that all Powers, Provisoes, Articles, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Distribution of Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Matters and Things prescribed or appointed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or other the Duties under the Management and Care of the said Commissioners, and not hereby altered, shall be in Force and Effect with relation to the Rates and Duties hereby consolidated, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting and securing the same, as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

37 G.3. c. 156. § I-

Instruments, &c. having an improper Stamp of an equal or greater Value, restamped, without Penalty.

Instruments, &c. with a Stamp of greater Value than requisite, valid.

Commissioners liable for Mismanagement, and Powers of former Acts extended to this Act.

256

C. 127.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Counterfeiting Stamps, &c.

Death.

Consolidated Duties to be entered in One Account, and Treasury to cause separate Accounts to be kept, to be laid before Parliament, under 42 G.3. c. 70.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall counterfeit or forge, or procure to be counterfeited or forged, any Seal, Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed to be allowed or used, or provided, made, or used in pursuance of this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for the Purpose of denoting the said Duties or any of them, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, or shall utter, vend or sell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or other Matter or Thing, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately or fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp or Mark, directed or allowed to be used by this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament, with Intent to defraud His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

52 G.3. c. 143. § 7.]

IX. And Whereas by divers Acts for granting several of the Duties hereby consolidated it is provided, that during the Space of Ten Years then next ensuing, there should be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer,

4 a Book or Books in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties should, together with such other Duties as were respectively granted for the Purpose of making permanent Additions to the public Revenue, and of defraying any Charges occasioned by certain Loans made and Stocks created by Authority of Parliament, be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever: And WThereas it is expedient that the whole of the Duties by this Act consolidated should be entered in One Account, but that Provision should nevertheless be hereby made for ascertaining the Produce of such several Grants of Duties for the Remainder of such respective Periods; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, the whole of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, consolidated by this Act, shall be entered together in One Account; and that from and after the said Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three or more of them for the time being, shall, for and during the Remainder of the respective Periods of Ten Years, to be computed from the Time of granting such of the said Duties as aforesaid, as were so directed to be entered separately as aforesaid, cause separate and distinct Accounts of what such Duties would have amounted to, in case the same had not been and were not respectively hereby consolidated and collected with other Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to be made out in such Manner and Form as shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, best adapted to ascertain such Amounts respectively; which Accounts the said Lord High Treasurer

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 127, 123.

257

surer or Commissioners for the time being, are hereby required to cause to be laid before Parliament, together with the public Accounts directed to be laid before Parliament pursuant to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain 'public Accounts to be laid annually before, and for dis-

continuing certain other Forms of Accounts novo in use.

CAP. CXXVIII.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Collection of the Duties of Customs in Great Britain in certain Cases.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS the Accounts of the Exports of Great Britain have been found to be incorrect, and great Inconvenience hath arisen in making out the said Accounts, b}^ reason of Merchants and other Exporters of Goods refusing or neglecting to deliver to the Comptrolling Searchers of His Majesty's Customs 4 a Shipping Bill or Copy of the Cocquet for Goods intended to be exported Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after Goods put the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and three,

it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to portation until lade or put, or cause to be laden or put, off or from any Quay, Copy of Coe-Wharf, or other Place on Land, into any Ship, Vessel, Lighter, guet or Entry Boat or Bottom, any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, delivered to with Intent to export the same to Parts beyond the Seas, until such s^c^erslin^ Person or Persons shall deliver or cause to be delivered, by them- earc er:>’ selves or Agent, to the Comptrolling Searchers of His Majesty's Customs, or some One of them, a true and correct Copy in Writing of the Cocquet or Entry (together with the Endorsement thereon) , for all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so intended to be exported; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comp- Officermay stop trolling Searchers, or other Officer of His Majesty's Customs, to Goods, detain and make stay of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize whatever for which the Shipping Bill or Copy of the Cocquet, with the Indorsement thereon, shall not have been delivered as aforesaid.

II. And Whereas by an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year 26G.S. c. 40.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for - § 28,

gulating the Production of Manifests, and for more effectually preventing fraudulent Practices in obtaining Bounties and Bravo- backs, and in the clandestine relanding of the Surveyor

4 General or Surveyors General of the Customs in the Port of London, upon Examination and Enquiries relative to the Revenue

as well as to the Conduct of the Officers employed therein, are authorized to examine all Persons who may appear before them upon Oath: And Whereas it is expedient that the like Power should be given to the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs at the Out Ports, upon Examinations and Enquiries before them Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Tenth Day of Testimony to be October One thousand eight hundred and three, all and each and on Oath at Out 43 Geo. ITI. S every Ports of <*•

258 C. 128. 43°GEaiII. A.D. 1803.

as well as in London, in Matters relating to Customs.

Swearing

falsely.

Feijury.

37G, 3. c. 97.

every Person and Persons who shall be examined as a Witness or Witnesses on any Enquiry directed to be made by the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, relative to the Revenue of Customs, or to the Conduct of the Officers employed therein, before the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs, or either of them, at any Out Port of Great,

shall, and they are hereby respectively required to deliver his, her or their Testimony on Oath, to be administered by the said Officers respectively who snail examine them, and such Officers respectively are hereby authorized to administer such Oath accordingly.

[See4-9 G. 3. c. 46. § 1.]

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall be convicted of making a false Oath, touching any of the Facts directed or required by this Act to be testified on Oath, or of giving false Evidence on his, her or their Examination on Oath before the Collectors and Comptrollers of the Customs, or either of them respectively, in Conformity to the Directions of this Act, such Person or Persons so convicted as aforesaid shall be deemed guilty of Perjury, and shall be liable to the Pains and Penalties to which Persons are liable for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

IV. And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether, according to the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for carrying into Execn- tionthe Treaty of Amity, Commerce and, concluded

between His Majesty and the United States of America, Cotton, and other Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce of the Western States of America, within the Territories of the United States of America, can legally be imported from New Orleans in America into Great Britain, in Ships or Vessels of the Built of the said States, owned and navigated according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and

Goods may be may be lawful to import into Great Britain, from New in

imported from America, any Cotton or other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, New Orleans in being the Produce of the Western States of America, within the America, m Territories of the said United States, in Ships or Vessels of the ^United^Sei^ Built of the said States, owned and navigated according to the Directions of the said recited Act; any thing in the said recited Act, or any Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

24 G.3. Sess. 2. 4 V. And Whereas by an Act made and passed in the Twenty c. 47. §34. < fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George

the Third, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling in this Kingdom, it is amongst other things enacted,

that in case any Ship or Vessel liable to be broken up or destroyed shall be necessary and fit for the Service of His Majesty in His 4 Royal Navy, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs or Excise respectively, if they think proper, to cause such Ship or Vessel, instead of being broken up or destroyed, to be sold to the Officers appointed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Navy,

for that Purpose: And Whereas it is expedient, during Hostilities,

4 to authorize the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or

21 4 Excise

A.D. 180S.

43° GEO. III. C. 128, 129.

259

4 Excise in Great Britain or Ireland respectively to dispose of Ships or Vessels, which shall or may on Condemnation be liable to be broken up, to private Persons, for the Purpose of being used against the Enemy as private Ships, under Commission from the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Officeof LordHigh Admiral of for the time

being:’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for During Hostile Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise in tilities Commis-

tainor Ireland respectively, during Hostilities, to sell and dispose of Customs and any Ship or Vessel, which, on Condemnation, shall or may be liable Excise may seq to be broken up, to private Persons, for the Purpose of being used condemned against the Enemy, under Commission from the Lord High Admiral Vessels to be of Great Britain and Ireland, or the Commissioners for executing commissioned the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain and Ireland Privateers, for the time being; and One Moiety of the Produce of such Sale, after Charges of Condemnation and other Charges are deducted, to be paid into the Exchequer for the Use of His Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Officer who sued and prosecuted for the same.

CAP. CXXIX.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in this Session of Parliament, for granting additional Duties of Excise, as relates to the Exportation of Tea to Ireland; for regulating the granting of Permits for the Removal of Coffeer Tea and Cocoa Nuts out of Warehouse, and for more effectually securing the Duties on Coffee.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to c. 8l. § is. ante,

4 His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of the repealed.

4 Definitive Treaty of Peace, certain additional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, it is provided, that the full Duties chargeable and payable on the Importation of Tea into Ireland, shall be paid to the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies: And Whereas Difficulties may arise in the Execution of such Provisions Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause and every Part thereof shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And for the greater Dispatch and Certainty in the Exporta- Certificate tion of Tea to Ireland, ’ Be it further enacted, That the Certificate required by

of the due landing in Ireland of any Quantity of Tea exported 41 G*3, from England, required by an Act passed in the Forty first Year landing of Tea of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit inVeknd to* the Exportation of Tea to Ireland without Payment of any Duty, be left with the under certain Restrictions, shall be, and such Certificate is hereby Collector within required to be produced to and left with the proper Collector of Tvv0 Months, the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively, within Two Months after the Date of the Bond or Security given or entered into in respect of the Exportation of such Tea, and that it shall be a

S 2 Condition

260

C. 129.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

IOG.1. c. 10. § 26.

On Delivery out of Warehouse of any Coffee, Tea or Cocoa Nuts, under 10 G.l. c. 10. § 26. such Permit shall be given as herein mentioned.

Condition of such Bond that such Certificate shall be actually produced to and left with such Collector of the Customs and Officer of Excise respectively, within such Two Months after the Date thereof as aforesaid; any thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[, 46 G. 3.

c. 87. § 93.]

III. And Whereas by an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, among other things, for repealing certain Duties therein mentioned, payable upon Coffee, Tea, Cocoa Nuts, Chocolate and Cocoa Paste, imported, and for granting certain Inland Duties in lieu thereof, it was enacted, that all such Coffee, Tea and Cocoa Nuts as should be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any Foreign Parts, upon the Entry thereof at the Custom House, and paying or securing the several Subsidies and additional Imposts which should then remain due thereon, should be forthwith carried or put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as mentioned in the said Act; and that the said Coffee, Tea and Cocoa Nuts, so brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses, should not be taken or carried out thence upon any Account whatsoever, 4 other than as is in the said Act after mentioned, and that upon producing a Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates therein mentioned, signed by such Collector or Receiver as is therein mentioned (certifying that he had received the said Inland Duties by the said Act granted) , to the respective Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers, such Warehouse Keeper or Warehouse Keepers should deliver out of such Warehouse or Warehouses therein mentioned, so much Coffee, Tea or Cocoa Nuts intended for Home Consumption, as should be mentioned or expressed in such Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates respectively, to have paid the said Inland Duties; and the respective Warehouse Keeper and Warehouse Keepers were by the said Act directed thereupon to give to such Importers or Proprietors a Permit or Certificate to accompany such Coffee, 4 Tea or Cocoa Nuts so delivered out, (which Permit or Certificate should be also signed by an Officer attending the said Warehouse or Warehouses, who should be appointed by the said Commissioners for the said Inland Duties, or the major Part of them,) 4 to prevent the seizing thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that for all Coffee, Tea and Cocoa Nuts respectively expressed in any such Warrant or Warrants, or Certificate or Certificates, 4 mentioned in the said Act to have paid the Inland Duties, such Permit as is hereinafter directed should be granted to accompany any such Coffee, Tea or Cocoa Nuts, in lieu and instead of such Permit or Certificate as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, upon the Delivery out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses mentioned in the said Act of any Coffee, Tea or Cocoa Nuts expressed in such Warrant or Warrants, Certificate or Certificates respectively mentioned in the said Act to have paid the Inland Duties, the proper Officer or Officers of Excise shall thereupon grant and give a Permit in Writing, signed by the said Officer or Officers, specifying the Weight of all such Coffee, Tea and Cocoa Nuts respectively; and also the Name or

Names

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 129. 261

Names of the Person or Persons to whom, and the Place to which the same is intended to be removed, and whether the same is intended to be removed by Land or by Water, and by what Mode of Conveyance the same is intended to be sent; and the Officer or Officers of Excise granting or giving any such Permit shall limit and express in such Permit the Time within which such Coffee, Tea or Cocoa Nuts in such Permit mentioned, shall be removed from and out of such Warehouse, and also the Time within which the same shall be delivered and received into the House, Warehouse, Shop, Room or other Place of the Person or Persons respectively, to whom the same is so permitted to be sent; and if such Permit be for the Removal of Tea, and the Tea so to be removed be Bohea, Congou, Souchong or Pekoe Tea, then any such Tea shall in the said Permit be specified and expressed under the Name and Denomination of Black Tea; and if the Tea so to be removed be neither Bohea, Congou, Souchong or Pekoe Tea, then such Tea shall in the said Permit be specified and expressed under the Name and Denomination of Green Tea.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Coffee, Tea or if Coffee, &c. Cocoa Nuts mentioned or specified in any such Permit shall be removed shall removed or sent away from and out of any such Warehouse or not delivered Warehouses within the Time expressed and limited in such Per- 2i shal

mit, and such Coffee or Tea shall not within the Time limited and be deei^ed expressed in such Permit be actually delivered and received into moved without the House, Warehouse, Shop, Room or other Place of the Person Permit, or Persons to whom the same is by such Permit authorized to be sent; then and in every such Case, all such Tea, Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, so removed or sent away as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be Coffee, Tea or Cocoa Nuts removed without Permit.

V. And Whereas by an Act made in the Forty first Year of 41 G.3. (U. K.)

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the bet- c-9*- § 3.

ter Regulation and Collection of certain Duties of Excise, it was

enacted, that if any Commodity manufactured in Imitation of or

to resemble Coffee, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee, or al-

leged so to be, should be made for Sale or sold, or should be found in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Coffee in Great, the same should

be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same,

and should and might be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons so making or selling the same, or the Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Coffee in whose Custody or Possession the same should be found, should forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds: And Whereas the said recited Clause has been found by Experience not to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient to repeal the same, and in lieu thereof to make such Provision as is hereinafter mentioned Be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the First Day of September One thousand Repealed.

eight hundred and three, the said recited Clause shall be, and the

same is hereby repealed, save and except in all Cases relating to

any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures,

which, on or before the said First Day of September One thousand

eight hundred and three, shall be incurred under or by virtue of

the said recited Clause; and that, from and after the said First

S 3 Day

262

C. 129, 130.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Articles manufactured in Imitation of Coffee or Cocoa, found in the Possession of any Dealer, or called by him English or British Coffee, &c. forfeited, and Penalty on Dealer, 1001.

42 G. 3/c. 93. § 14.

Day of September One thousand eight hundred and three, if any burnt, scorched or roasted Peas, Beans or other Grain, or vegetable Substance or Substances prepared or manufactured for the Purpose of being in Imitation of or in any respect to resemble Coffee or Cocoa, or to serve as a Substitute for Coffee or Cocoa, or alleged or pretended by the Possessor or Vender thereof so to be, shall be made or kept for Sale, or shall be offered or exposed to Sale, or shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Coffee or Cocoa; or of any burnt, scorched or roasted Peas, Beans or other Grain, or vegetable Substance or Substances, not being Coffee or Cocoa, shall be called by the Preparer, Manufacturer, Possessor or Vender thereof, by the Name of English or British Coffee, or any other Name of Coffee, or by the Name of American Cocoa, or English or British Cocoa, or any other Name of Cocoa, the same respectively shall be forfeited, together with the Packages containing the same, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Person or Persons preparing, manufacturing or selling the same, or having the same in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or the Dealer or Dealers in or Seller or Sellers of Coffee or Cocoa, in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

[See 3 G. 4. c. 53. § 1 . as to Boasted 3

CAP. CXXX.

An Act for rectifying a Mistake in an Act of the last Session of Parliament for better collecting the Duties on Auctioneers.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

4 (among other things) for better collecting and securing the

Duties of Excise on Auctioneers, it was among other things enacted, that every Person not already licensed according to an Act therein mentioned, who then, or at any time or times

thereafter, did or should exercise the Trade or Business of an Auctioneer or Seller by Commission at any Sale of any Estate,

4 Goods or Effects whatsoever by Outcry, knocking down of Hammer, by Candle, by Lot, by Parcel, or by any Mode of Sale at Auction, or whereby the highest Bidder was deemed to be the Purchaser, or who should act in such Capacity, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in London, should at the Time of receiving his. Licence give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His 4 Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, in Manner following; that is to say, himself in the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds each, in the Manner in the said Act directed: And Whereas it was intended that every such Person who did or should exercise such Trade or Business of an Auctioneer or Seller by Commission as aforesaid, or who should act in such Capacity, within the Limits of the Chief Office of Excise in, should at the

4 Time of receiving his Licence give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, in Mariner following; that is to say, himself in the Sum of One

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 130, 131. 263

thousand Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds each; but by Mistake the Sum of One hundred Pounds ‘ was inserted in the said Clause instead of the Sum of One thousand Pounds: Now therefore to remedy the said Mistake, ' Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Sixteenth Day of Auctioneers on August One thousand eight hundred and three, every such Person receiving Li-receiving any such Licence shall give Security by Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with Two sufficient Sureties, in Manner herein Manner following; that is to say, himself in the Sum of One thousand mentioned, Pounds, and his Sureties in the Sum of Two hundred Pounds each; which Security the Commissioners of Excise in, or

any Two or more of them for the time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners of Excise shall from time to time appoint to deliver out the Licences by an Act made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (a) directed, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to take, that the said Person who shall exercise such Trade or Business, or who shall act in such Capacity as aforesaid, shall and will deliver every Account of the Sales by him made, and also make Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising or becoming due for the Auction Duty for or in respect of all such Sales, in Manner prescribed in and by the said Act of the Nineteenth Year aforesaid, or by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in force. (a) [19 G. 3. c. 56.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Penalties under

Forfeitures imposed by the said Act, made in the Forty second 42 c'93 '

Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, among other things, for exempting from Auction Duty Estates and Effects therein men- and applied as tioned, and for better collecting and securing the Duties of Excise under Excise therein mentioned, or by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, Laws, &c. levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any

Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland

respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence Commencement and take Effect from the Day on which the same shall receive His of Act. Majesty's Royal Assent, except in such Cases in which any special Commencement is provided by this Act.

CAP. CXXXI.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Lignum Quassia

imported into Great Britain.

[11th 1803.]

[See 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 1. — 59 G. 3. c. 52. § 1.]

c. m.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

2G4

Goods enumerated in Table (A.) legally imported into the Port of London may be secured in Warehouses belonging to the West India Lock Company, without Payment of Duty.

Such Warehouses shall be first approved by the Treasury.

Goods enumerated in Table (B.) imported into the Port of London to be secured in

CAP. CXXXII.

An Act for permitting certain Goods imported into Great Britain, to be secured in Warehouse without Payment of Duty.

[11th 1803.]

WHEREAS it would greatly tend to the Encouragement of

the Trade and Commerce of Great, and to the Ac-

commodation of Merchants and others, if certain Goods, Wares and ‘ Merchandize were permitted to be entered and landed, and pro-

‘ perly secured in the Port of Londo, and certain other Ports in Great Britain, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Duties of Customs and Excise due on the Importation thereof, on such Conditions,

4 Regulations and Restrictions as are hereinafter provided May it therefore please Your Majesty thatitmaybe enacted; and be itthere-fore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (A.) , and which shall be legally imported and brought into the Port of, to lodge and se-

cure the same, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in any Warehouse or Warehouses situated at the of Dogs, and belonging to the West India Dock Company, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof (a) , subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions directed by this Act: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be so lodged or secured, unless and until such Warehouses and other Works belonging or to belong thereto shall be so far completed, that, in the Judgment of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, the same shall be fit and proper in every respect for the Reception of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and wherein the same may respectively be safely and securely deposited and remain, under the Regulations and Directions of this Act; and the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify and make known his or their Approbation of such Warehouses; which Certificate shall be published Three Times at least in the London, and in Two or more

public Morning Newspapers then usually circulated in London.

(a) [As to Prize Goods, see 51 G. 3. 74. § 3. and as to Mineral Alkali, 59 G.3. c. 29.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (B.) and which shall be legally imported and brought into the Port of

London.

43° GEO. III. C. 132.

265

A.D. 1803.

London, to lodge and secure the same, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in any Warehouse or Warehouses erected or to be erected, situated within the Premises belonging to the London Dock Company, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof, subject nevertheless to the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions required by this Act: Provided always, that no such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so lodged or secured, unless and until such Warehouses and other Works belonging or to belong thereto, shall be so far completed, that in the Judgment of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, the same shall be fit and proper in every respect for the Reception of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and wherein the same may respectively be safely and securely deposited and remain, under the Regulations and Directions of this Act; and the said Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to certify and make known his or their Approbation of such Warehouses; which Certificate shall be published Three Times at least in the London Gazette, and in Two or more public Morning Newspapers then usually circulated in London.

[Buck Wheat may be warehoused under the Regulations of this Act, see 57 3. 27.]

III. ‘ And Whereas from the Bulk of certain Articles, or from other ‘ Circumstances, such Articles cannot be conveniently lodged and ‘ secured in Warehouses according to this Act Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (C.) , which shall be legally imported or brought into the said Port of London, to land any such Goods without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof; and such Goods may be lodged and secured at or in such Places, and under such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, shall approve and direct, upon the said Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, entering into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with One sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Customs of the said Port of London, in Double the Amount of the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, with Condition that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize shall be either duty exported in the Manner and under such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, so far as the same are applicable thereto, as by this Act are directed in respect of Goods, Wares or Merchandize secured in Warehouses as aforesaid, and exported directly from thence; or that the full Duties due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be paid to the Collector or other proper Officer of the Customs, within the Space of Twelve Months from the Date of the first Entry of such Goods.

[See 49 G.3. c, 106.]

Warehouses belonging to the London Dock Company, without Payment of Duty.

Bulky Goods enumerated in Table (C.) may be landed without Payment of Duty under Directions of Commissioners of Customs, on Bond.

2G6

C. 1

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Goods enumerated. in Table (D.) may be warehoused under Direction of the Customs, and bonded on the like Conditions as those in Table (C.)

§ 3. ante.

Subject to Rules

respecting

Warehouses.

Goods enumerated in Table (E.)may be warehoused without Payment of Duty.

Warehouses for such last mentioned Goods to be approved by the Treasury.

IV. And Whereas it is expedient, from the Nature and Quality ‘ of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, that the same should,

for the Accommodation of the Importers thereof, be secured in Warehouses of a particular Description, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (D.) , and which shall be legally imported or brought into the Port of London, to lodge and secure the same, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, in such Warehouse or Warehouses as may be fit and proper for the Reception and safe Custody of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof, provided it shall be made appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England, or any Four or more of them, that such Warehouses are in every respect proper for the purpose of securing such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, without Risk to the Revenue; and provided also, that the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Succesors, with One sufficient Surety, to be approved of by the Collector and Comptroller of the Port of London, in Double the Amount of the Duties of Cus-

toms due and payable on the Importation of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and with such Conditions as are by this Act required with respect to the Bonds to be given for the Duties on the Goods, Wares and Merchandize enumerated in Table (C.)

[See 49 G. 3. c. 106.]

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Goods, Wares and Merchandize enumerated and described in the said Table, marked (D.) , shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions required by this Act with respect to Goods, Wares and Merchandize secured in Warehouses under the Authority thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of any of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize enumerated or described in the Table hereunto annexed, marked (E.) , and which shall have been legally imported or brought into the Port of London, to lodge and secure in a Warehouse or Warehouses to be provided for that Purpose, any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, under the joint Locks of the Crown and the Merchant, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs due on the Importation thereof.

as to East India Goods, 59 G. 3. c. 125.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize, so enumerated or described in the said Table marked (E.) shall be permitted to be so lodged or secured, unless and until it shall have been made appear to the Satisfaction of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, that the said Warehouse or Warehouses are complete, fit and proper in every respect for the Reception of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 132.

267

chandize, and wherein the same may be safely and securely deposited; and such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, so lodged and secured in such Warehouses, shall in all other Respects be subject and liable to the Rales, Regulations and Restrictions in this Act contained.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in

this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever, to be imported into or exported from Great, in any way or

manner contrary to any Act or Acts of Parliament in force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Lord

High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, shall deem it expedient that the Provisions of this Act shall be extended to any Goods, Wares and Merchandize not enumerated or described in either of the Tables to this Act annexed, and shall cause a List of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize to be published in the London Gazette, then and from thenceforth all and every the Provi-

sions, Regulations and Restrictions of this Act shall extend and be construed to extend to such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, in every respect, in as full and ample a manner as if the same had been inserted and enumerated in the said Tables respectively at the time of passing this Act.

X. And Whereas it is expedient that the Benefit and Accommodation to Trade granted by this Act should be extended to such Ports in Great Britain, which, from the Nature and Extent of the Trade carried on at any such Port, the Convenience of Situation, and the Security that may be afforded to the Revenue by the Construction of Docks, Warehouses or other Places, properly adapted for the Reception and safe Custody of Goods according to the Nature thereof, may be deemed entitled thereto Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, by His Order in Council, to permit such of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize enumerated or described in either of the Tables annexed to this Act, marked (A.) , (B.) , (C.) , (D.) and (E.) , or such other Articles which by virtue of this Act (a) may hereafter be added to such Tables, and which may be deemed proper and fit to be landed and lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, at any Port of Great Britain, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs or Excise due on the Importation thereof; provided it shall be made to appear that such Port is, with respect to the Trade and Commerce carried on therein, and from the Nature of its Situation, a Port to which it would be just and reasonable to extend the Advantages by this Act granted, and also that Docks, Wharfs and Warehouses shall have been built and erected within such Port, complete, fit and proper in every respect for the Landing and Reception of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and wherein the same may respectively be safely imported and landed and securely deposited, according to the Nature thereof, as classed and described in the several Tables hereunto annexed, and wherein the same may remain under the Re-

(a) [See § 9. ante,]

gulations

Proviso for Laws of Importation or Exportation.

Treasury may extend this Act to any other Goods.

Benefits of this Act may be extended to other Ports in G. B., by Order of Council.

268

Such Order shall be published in the London Gazette.

No Goods other than those enumerated, &c. warehoused.

Goods before being warehoused regularly entered and landed; an Account thereof taken, and the Contents marked on the Packages.

Allowance for Damage.

Goods so warehoused may be delivered for Exportation, Duty free, (except as under § 22.) on Bond

C. 132. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

gulations of this Act: Provided also, that no Goods, Wares or Merchandize whatever shall be landed at any such Port and warehoused, or otherwise secured, without Payment at the Time of the first Entry of the Duties of Customs and Excise due on the Importation thereof, unless and until His Majesty's said Order in Council shall have been published Three Times at least in the London Gazette, together with a List of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, so permitted to be landed and warehoused, or otherwise secured, at any such Port, and also a List of such Places within such Ports as shall be deemed fit for the Deposit and Security of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively, according to the Nature thereof; and from and after the Day mentioned in such Order in Council, all and every the Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Regulations, Acts, Matters and Things relating to the landing, warehousing or otherwise securing of Goods, Wares and Merchandize under this Act, and the Duties due and payable thereon, shall extend and be construed to extend to the Port or Ports named in such Order, in like Manner in every respect, and as fully and amply as if such Port or Ports had been expressly named in this Act.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend or be construed to extend to permit or allow any Goods, Wares or Merchandize (other than such as are enumerated or described in the said Tables to this Act annexed, and such other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to which the Provisions of this Act shall be extended in Manner aforesaid) to be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured under the Authority of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, the same shall be duly entered with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and regularly landed; and the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs shall, on such Landing, or as soon after as conveniently may be, examine the same, and take a particular and correct Account of the Quantity, Quality, Species, Number and Contents thereof, which Account shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be provided and kept for that Purpose, in such Manner as the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall from time to time think proper to direct; and the Contents shall also be marked by or under the Direction and Inspection of the said Officer or Officers, in distinct and legible Characters, on each and every Package, in all cases where the same shall be practicable; and no Allowance, either for Damage or on any other Account whatever, shall be made on any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, unless the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, at the time such Goods, Wares or Merchandize are first examined as aforesaid, shall claim or demand the Allowance to which by Law they may be entitled.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, shall be delivered from or taken out of any such Warehouse or Place, but upon the following Conditions; (that is to say,) if any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be intended to be

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 132. 269

delivered or taken from thence respectively for Exportation to Foreign Parts, the Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may so take the same for Exportation, without Payment of any Duty of Customs whatever, (except as hereinafter mentioned,) provided such Proprietor or Proprietors, or Exporter or Exporters, shall, before any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, are delivered or taken from thence, make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, and shall, together with the Master or other Person having or taking the Charge or Command of the Ship or Vessel in which such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, are intended to be exported, and One other sufficient Suretj ', to be approved of by the Collector or Comptroller of the Customs at the Port of Exportation, enter into Bond to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Treble the Value thereof, with Condition that the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, intended to be exported, shall be landed at the respective Ports or Places for which the same shall have been entered, and that no Part of the same shall be relanded in Great Britain, or landed in the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Alderney, Sark or Man, or the Island of Faro

or Ferro, which Bond shall and may be discharged in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say,) for such of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as shall be entered for or landed in Ireland, or any Part of Europe not within the Streights of Gibraltar, the Condition of the Bond shall be to bring a Certificate in Discharge thereof, within Six Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize, as shall be entered for or landed at Gibraltar, or any Foreign Parts within the Streights of Gibraltar, within Twelve Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as shall be entered for or landed in any Part of Africa, not within the Streights of Gibraltar, and on this side the Cape of Good Hope, or in any Part of America, within Eighteen Months from the Date of the Bond; and for such of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize as shall be entered for or landed at Saint Helena, or in any Port or Place at or beyond the Cape of Good Hope, within Thirty Months from the Date of the Bond; which said Certificate for such Goods, Wares or Merchandize before mentioned, as shall be landed in any Port or Place in Ireland, or any Part of His Majesty's Dominions, Plantations or Settlements, where any Officer of His Majesty's Customs shall be resident, shall be signed by the proper Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs there, certifying that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, were there landed, and for want of such Officer residing there, such Certificate shall then be signed by the Governor of such Islands, Dominions, Plantations or Settlements, or in his Absence by the Deputy Governor thereof respectively; and for such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as shall be landed at any Foreign Port or Place, such Certificate shall be signed by the British Consul or Vice Consul residing there, and if there shall be no such Consul or Vice Consul, then such Certificate shall be under the Hand and Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate of such Port or Place, or if there be no such Chief Magistrate, then under the Hands and Seals of Two known British Merchants then resident at such Port or Place, testifying

to land the same.

Certificates of landing; in Ireland, &c. within Six Months,

Gibraltar, &c.

Twelve Months.

Africa, America, &c. Eighteen Months.

St. Helena, &c. Thirty Months.

By whom Certificate shall be signed.

270

C. 132.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

&C.

Goods taken out for Home Consumption shall pay all Duties then due.

Proviso for Increase of Weight, &c.

that such Goods, Wares or Merchandize were there landed; and Goodscaptuved, such Bond may also be discharged, upon Proof made to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England and -land respectively for the time being, that such Goods, Wares and Merchandize were taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas: And if any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so warehoused, or otherwise secured as aforesaid, shall be intended to be taken from the Warehouse or Place wherein the same may have been lodged or secured, to be used or consumed in Great, the Person

or Persons so taking out or taking away the same, shall first pay down in ready Money to the Collector or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, the full Duties of Customs due and payable on the Importation of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively into Great Britai, at the Time the same shall be so taken out for the Purpose of being so used or consumed, according to the Account taken thereof at the First Examination by the Officer or Officers of the Customs, without any Deduction or Abatement whatever on account of any Deficiency arising from Waste, or from any other Cause, of what Nature soever the same may be, except as by this Act is otherwise provided (a): Provided always, that when by reason of any Effect produced by Weather, or the Time any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, may have been so warehoused, the same shall not correspond in Weight with the first Account taken as aforesaid, but shall have increased in Weight, such Increase in Weight shall not subject the same to any Forfeiture, but the full Duties of Customs payable on such Excess of Weight beyond such first Account, shall be charged and paid, together with the other Duties, according to such first Account so taken as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require any Bond to be given or entered into with the Officer of the Customs, for or in respect of the Exportation from any such Warehouse of any Wine, Brandy, Rum, Geneva or any other Spirits.

(a) [See § 12. ante, and § 14?.

Allowance for

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in re-Wastein Coffee spect of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts warehoused under the Authority and Cocoa Nuts. Gf this Act, an Allowance shall be made by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs and Excise, to the respective Importers, Proprietors or Consignees of any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, at and after the Rate of Two Pounds for every One hundred Pounds Weight of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, as a full Compensation for all Loss, Waste or Damage whatsoever, whether occasioned by garbling or otherwise, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, warehoused, or otherwise secured under the Authority of this Act, shall be embezzled, or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed in, or fraudulently or clandestinely removed ed &c as if un- from or out of any Warehouse or Place wherein the same shall have lawfully landed, been so lodged or secured, all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize so embezzled, or fraudulently or clandestinely hid or concealed, or removed, together with the Packages containing the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or of Excise, in Cases where that Revenue is concerned;

Exceptions as to Wine and Spirits.

Warehoused Goods embezzled, concealed, or removed, shall be forfeit-

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 132.

271

cerned; and the Person or Persons so embezzling, hiding, concealing or removing the same, or aiding or assisting therein, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, had been fraudulently unshipped, or landed without Payment of Duty.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, warehoused, or otherwise secured in pursuance of this Act, shall be destroyed by Fire, it shall not be lawful for the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for any other Person or Persons whatever, to claim or demand, or to maintain any Action or Suit on any Account whatever against His Majesty or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise, or any Officer of the Customs or Excise, or other Person employed by the said Commissioners respectively, for any Compensation for or on account or by reason of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize having been destroyed by Fire as aforesaid; and no Duty of Customs or Excise whatever shall be demanded or paid for any Goods, Wares or Merchandize so destroyed as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, That in all Cases wherein any Goods, Wares or Merchandize are by this Act permitted to be lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured, the Expence of Warehouse Rent and all other Charges shall be paid by the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize; and in case it shall be deemed expedient that any Warehouse or Warehouses should be provided or erected at the Charge of the Crown, for the Purpose of securing therein any of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize enumerated or described in either of the Tables hereunto annexed, marked (C.) , (D.) and (E.) , the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall pay to the Persons who may be appointed by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively to receive the same, Warehouse Rent for such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to be estimated according to the usual Rate of such Rent for the like Articles paid at the Port of Importation, and such Estimate shall be made, and the Rate of Payment fixed accordingly by the said Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or

Merchandize whatever, which shall have been lodged in Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Regulations of this Act, shall afterwards be exported from any such Warehouse or Place, or entered for Exportation in any Ship or Vessel whatever, which shall not be of the Burthen of Seventy Tons or upwards:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or alter any Provision in any Act or Acts of Parliament in force at the time of passing this Act, relating to the Tonnage of any Vessel in which any Goods, Wares or Merchandize may be exported from Great.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or

Merchandize

Provision as to warehoused Goods destroyed by Fire.

Warehouse Rent shall be paid by Importer, &c.

No warehoused Goods shall be exported in Vessels under 70 Tons.

Goods shall be taken out of

272

C. 132.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Warehouse in their original Packages, &c.

Except Coffee or Cocoa Nuts.

Regulation as to Delivery of Goods imported in Bulk.

Importation Duties under 4 5 G. 3. c. 70. shall be paid on Exportation of all such warehoused Goods, except Sugar.

Merchandize shall be delivered out of, or taken from any Warehouse or Place in which the same shall have been lodged or secured by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, other than in the Packages in which the same shall have been originally respectively imported from Foreign Parts, or in One entire Quantity equal thereto, and contained in a similar Package; nor shall any Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua Vitae (a) , be so taken out for Exportation in any less Quantity than One entire Cask, containing at least One hundred Gallons; nor any Wine in less than One entire Cask, containing Forty five Gallons.

[. 3. c. 142. § 3.]

XX. Provided always, That it shall be lawful, under the Inspection of the respective Officers of Customs and Excise, to repack for Exportation only Coffee or Cocoa Nuts in any other Sort of Package than that in which the same was originally imported, provided the Quantity contained in such Repackage be not less than Four hundred Weight.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Merchandize, the Duties of which shall have been secured by Bond, and which shall have been imported in Bulk, shall be delivered, except in the whole Quantity for which such Bond shall have been given, or a Quantity not less than One Ton Weight, unless by special Leave of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or any Three or more of them, such Leave to be had and obtained previous to such Delivery; and before any Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be delivered out of, or taken from such Warehouse, each and every Package shall be marked in such distinguishing Manner as the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England and Scotland respectively shall from time to time direct.

i XXII. And Whereas by an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty (ing the present War, and until the Ratification a Defmlive

6 Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation and

6 portation of certain Goods, Wares and and on the

Tonnage of Ships and Vessels in Great Britain; additional Duties ‘ of Customs were granted and charged on certain Goods, Wares

and Merchandize imported or brought into Great Britain: And ‘ Whereas it is expedient that the said Duties of Customs should ‘ be charged and payable on all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported into Great Britain, (except Sugar,) which shall have i been warehoused, or otherwise secured under the Provisions of ‘ this Act, whether the same shall be intended to be exported

from Great Britain, or to be used or consumed therein; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That before any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, (except Sugar,) which shall have been lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, or otherwise secured according to the Directions of this Act, shall be delivered from thence for the Purpose of being exported from Great Britain, the Exporter or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall make a due Entry thereof with the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, and shall pay down in ready Money, without any Discount or Abatement whatever, the full Amount of the said additional Duties of Customs granted by the said recited Act, which would have been due and payable for the same in case such Goods,

Wares

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 132.

273

Wares or Merchandize had been taken from the Warehouse or Place wherein they had been lodged or secured for the Purpose of being used or consumed in Great Britain any Thing in this Act, or in any other Act of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See46 G. 3. c. 115.]

XXIII. Provided always, That when any Goods, Wares or Goods for Ex-Merchandize are intended to be taken out of or from any Ware- portation shall house or Place in which the same shall have been lodged or secured re-examined, according to the Directions of this Act, for Exportation, the pro- Decencies, per Officer or Officers of the Customs shall re-examine such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize; and in case it shall appear on such Reexamination that the Quantity or Contents of any such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize is or are less than the Quantity or Contents taken by the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, at the first Examination of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, then and in such Case the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or the Person or Persons intending to take out the same, shall, before the same are so delivered out of the Warehouse for the Purpose aforesaid, make a due Entry of such deficient Quantity, and pay to the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs the full Duties of Customs thereon, except as by this Act is otherwise provided, [See § 14. ante.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That on the shipping for Exportation to foreign Parts of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall have been warehoused, or otherwise lodged or secured, according to the Directions of this Act, the Searcher, or other proper Officers of the Customs, shall, after due Examination thereof, give without Fee or Reward to the Exporter of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or his Agent, a full and correct Certificate, specifying the Quantity, Quality and Species of the Goods, Wares or Merchandize so shipped, which Certificate shall afterwards be delivered to such Officer or other Person as the said Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively shall think proper to direct, in order that the same may be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for the Purpose of keeping such Accounts as the said Commissioners may think necessary and proper, with the Importer or Importers, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Goods, Wares and Merchandize warehoused, or otherwise secured, according to the Directions of this Act; which Certificate, as far as the same will apply, shall go in Discharge of the Accounts of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so warehoused, or in Discharge, as far as the same will apply, of the Bond given by any such Importer, Proprietor or Consignee respectively, for the Payment of the Duties of Customs on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, on which the full Duties shall have been paid, and which shall afterwards be delivered or taken from any Warehouse or other Place where the same shall have been lodged or secured, according to the Directions of this Act, shall be duly exported from Great Britain, the Exporter or Exporters thereof shall be allowed such and the like Drawbacks of the Duties of

43 Geo. III. T Customs

On shipping warehoused Goods for Exportation, a Certificate shall be granted in Discharge of Importer’s Account.

Drawbacks allowed on Goods having paid the full Duties on Exportation within Twelve Months,

274?

C. 132.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Customs as would have been allowed on the Exportation of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, in case this Act had not been made; and also such and the like Drawbacks of the Duties of Excise with respect to any Wine on which the full Duties of Excise shall have been paid; provided the same respectively are exported within the space of One Year from the Time of the Payment of such full Duties thereon.

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent Rum of the Produce of the warehoused may British Plantations, having been warehoused under the Authority

e s iDoe as ^ct, from being delivered from such Warehouse for the

Purpose of being shipped as Stores without Payment of any. Duty of Customs, subject nevertheless, as far as the same are applicable, to all the Conditions, Regulations, Restrictions and Securities required by any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force on or immediately before the passing of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall have been warehoused or otherwise secured, according to the Directions of this Act, shall, after hav-

Rum of British Plantations

be shipped as Stores, Duty free.

Goods for Exportation fraudulently relanded, forfeited.

Vessels out of which Goods entered for Exportation to be relanded, subject to For* feiture.

In what case Forfeiture may be remitted.

ing been entered for Exportation, be fraudulently unshipped or relanded, except by Necessity or Distress, to be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, the same shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs.

XXVIII. And Whereas the Laws now in Force, made to prevent the fraudulently unshipping or relanding of Goods, Wares or Merchandize shipped for Exportation to foreign Parts, have not been sufficient to answer the good Purposes thereby intended,

and it is expedient, in order to prevent such illicit Practices in 4future, that where any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall have been shipped for Exportation to foreign Parts, are by the Laws now in Force, or by this present Act, made liable to Forfeiture for being fraudulently unshipped or relanded, that the Ship or Vessel out of or from which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so unshipped or relanded, should also also be subject and liable to Forfeiture Be it therefore enacted, That where by this present Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force at the Time of passing this Act, any Goods, Wa'res or Merchandize, which shall have been shipped in order to be exported to foreign Parts, are or shall be liable to Forfeiture for or on account of the same being unshipped or relanded, then and in such Cases the Ship or Vessel out of or from which any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so unshipped or relanded, shall be subject and liable to Forfeiture, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of the Customs, or of the Excise, in Cases where that Revenue is concerned: Provided always, That in any Case in which it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, or of the Excise, as the Case may be, that such Goods so unshipped or relanded either did not form any Part of the Cargo of the said Ship or Vessel, or were of small Value, and that from the Nature and Quantity of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, and the Circumstances attending the unshipping or relanding thereof, the same was done without the Privity or Knowledge

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 132.

27 5

ledge of the Master of such Ship or Vessel, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to remit such Forfeiture, and declare the Seizure of such Ship or Vessel to be null and void; and in such Case no Person or Persons whatever shall be entitled to bring or maintain any Suit or Action on account of any such Seizure as aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Importer or Im- Warehoused

porters, Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees of Goods, if not any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, which shall have been lodged ^en n

in any Warehouse or Warehouses, to be provided according to tQ j^gjata S> the Directions of this Act, or otherwise secured, shall within Fif- satisfy Duties, teen Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day on which &c.

such Importers, Proprietors or Consignees of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall have made their first Entry thereof, clear and take from and out of such Warehouses or Places respectively, either for Exportation, according to the Directions of this Act, or to be consumed in Great Britain, all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize; and in case such Importers, Proprietors or Consignees, shall fail or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners of the Customs in England or Scotland respectively, to cause all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, to be pub-lickly sold or exposed to Sale; and after such Sale the Produce thereof is first to be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage and Charges of Warehouse Room, and other Charges that shall arise thereon; next the Duties of Customs and Excise; and the Overplus, if any, to be paid to the Proprietor or other Persons authorized to receive the same; provided that no such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be so sold, unless a Price can be obtained for the same equal at least to the full Amount of all Duties of Customs and Excise charged and chargeable thereon, together with the Expences thereon; but if such Price cannot be or destroyed if obtained, then and in such Case all such Goods, Wares or Mer- not sufficient so chandize shall be effectually destroyed by and in the Presence of to do, the proper Officer of the Customs, and also of the Officers of the Excise, in Cases where that Revenue is concerned, who are hereby respectively authorized and required to destroy the same accordingly; and the Proprietor or Owner of any such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, shall have no Claim, either in Law or Equity, to the Value of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Part thereof so destroyed as aforesaid; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[&?<? 49 G. 3. c. 106.]

52 G.3. c. 142. § 1.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Compensation ful to and for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in to Officers. England or Scotland respectively, and they are hereby authorized

and required, to make such Allowance to the present Officers,

Clerks and all other Persons employed in the Service of the Customs, whose Income shall be reduced by the Operations of this Act, in lieu of and by way of Compensation and Satisfaction for the same, as they in their Discretion (having Regard as well to the creditable Subsistence of the Officers, as to Public Economy) shall judge necessary: Provided always, that nothing in this Act Exception as to contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or in Package, any wise alter the Duties of Package, Scavage, Balliage or Port- Pnsage> &c-

T 2 age,

276

C. 132.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Act not to affect 39 G. 3. c. lxix.

42 G.3. c.cxiii.

39 & 40 G.3. c. xlvii.

Entry to be made of exciseable Articles imported with Collector before landing.

Size of Casks and Packages for Spirits, Wine, and Coffee, to be warehoused.

age, or any other Duties payable to the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or to the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to any other City or Town Corporate within Great Britain, or to repeal or in any ways alter the Prisage of Wine, the Duty called Butlerage, or any other special Privilege or Exemption to which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, is or are now entitled by Law; but the same shall be continued as heretofore.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to repeal or vary any of the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more, and for

better regulating the Port of London; or in an Act passed in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act to alter and amend an Act passed the Thirty ninth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intitide‘ An Act for rendering more

commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, ’ so far

as the same relates to the Concerns of the West India Hock Company thereby established, and for extending to other Objects the Compen-

sations directed to be made by the said Act; or in another Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for making Wet,

Cuts and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue voithin the Port of London.

XXXII. And Whereas certain of the Goods, Wares or Mer-

chandize intended to be warehoused under the Provision of this

Act, are subject to very high Duties of Excise on the Importa-1 tion thereof, and it is therefore expedient that the said Goods,

‘ Wares or Merchandize should be imported, landed, warehoused

and delivered for Home Consumption or Exportation, as the Case f may require, under the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions re-

spectively hereinafter provided Be it therefore further enacted, That before any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject or liable to a Duty of Excise on the Importation thereof, shall be unshipped or landed for the Purpose of being warehoused before Payment of the Duties, the Importer or Proprietor shall make Entry thereof in Writing with the proper Collector of Excise, specifying in such Entry the Name of the Ship or Vessel, and the Master thereof, the Number and Marks of the Casks, Cases, Bags, Boxes or other Packages, the Kind or Species of Goods, Wares or Merchandize contained in each, and at what Port or Place the same was loaded or taken in.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no foreign Brandy, Rum, Geneva, Spirits or Aqua Vitas shall be warehoused before Payment of the Duties, unless the same shall be imported in Casks of One hundred Gallons each at the least; nor shall any foreign Wine be so warehoused before Payment of Duty, unless imported in Casks containing at least Forty five Gallons each; nor shall any Coffee or Cocoa Nuts be so warehoused before Payment of Duty, unless the same shall be contained in Casks, Bags, Boxes or other Packages of at least One hundred and twelve Pounds Net Weight each.

[See 52 . 3. c, 142. § 12, 13.]

A.D. 1803.

43° GEO. III. C. 132.

277

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That before any such Bond for Duties Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to any Duty of Excise, on such excise-shall be allowed to be Warehoused before Payment of the Duties, C°mmodl-good and sufficient Security shall be given, to be approved by the les* Commissioners of Excise or the Person or Persons appointed or

employed by them for that Purpose, which Security such Person or Persons are hereby authorized and empowered to take by Bond in Double the Value of the Duties charged or chargeable on such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively, for Payment of all and every the said Duties respectively, before the same shall be taken or delivered out of any Warehouse in which the same shall or may be or may have been lodged or deposited under or by virtue of this Act, for Plome Consumption; or in case the same shall not be taken or delivered out of any such Warehouse as aforesaid for I-Iome Consumption on Payment of the Duties, or for Exportation, Within One Year from and after the Day of the Date of the Bond so given or entered into in respect thereof as aforesaid, then to pay all and every the Duties charged and chargeable on the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively at the End of the said Year, together with all Charges that may be incurred by the Officers of Excise for or in respect of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no such Goods, Wares Goods landed, or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, shall be unshipped &c. only under or landed, and lodged or deposited in any such Warehouse as Warrant from aforesaid, without a Warrant for that Purpose from the proper p^ce’of^m Collector of Excise, nor without the Presence of an Officer or officer.

Officers of Excise; and if any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize

shall be so unshipped or landed without a Warrant from such Collector of Excise, or Avithout the Presence of an Excise Officer, the same shall not be allowed to be Warehoused under the Authority of this Act, but shall be subject to Forfeiture as by any Law or Laws of Excise now in Force, or hereafter to be made.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Goods, Wares or Articles subject Merchandize subject to different Duties of Excise, shall be wil- to different Ex-fully and knowingly lodged or deposited in one and the same cise Duties not Room, Place or Apartment in any such Warehouse or Ware- jarehoused to-houses as aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting all such Goods, Wares or er* Merchandize, subject to different Duties of Excise, together Avith

the Packages containing the same, that shall be so wilfully and knowingly lodged or deposited in any such Room, Place or Apartment as aforesaid; all which shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares or Warehoused Merchandize, secured in Warehouses under the Authority of this Goods stowed Act, shall be stowed away, placed and deposited in the said Ware- s° 35 to afl£rd. houses, in such Manner as that easy and convenient Access may cecgess to ac " be had to every Cask, Case, Bag, Box or other Package, for the

Purpose of examining and taking a true Account of the Contents thereof; and if the Owner or Proprietor of any such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, or any Warehouse Keeper or Agent, shall omit, neglect or refuse so to stow away, place and deposit the same, or cause the same to be so stowed away, placed or deposited, as hereby directed, at his or their own Charge or Ex-

T 3 pence,

278

Penalty £01.

Notice given of taking exciseable Goods out of Warehouse:

for Home Consumption;

for Exportation.

Exception as to Coffee and Cocoa Nuts.

Exciseable Goods to be delivered in Presence of Officer.

Goods for Home Consumption to be accompanied by Permits, and those for Ex-

C. 132. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

pence, he or they shall for every such Omission, Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That before any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, shall be taken or delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, the Importer or Proprietor thereof shall and he is hereby required to give at least Twenty four Hours’ Notice in Writing to the proper Collector or Officer of Excise, of his Intention so to take out such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, specifying in such Notice the particular Goods, Wares or Merchandize so intended to be taken out, the Number, Marks and Description of each Package, and the Kind and Species of Goods therein contained, the Ship or Vessel by which the same was imported, the particular Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same is or are deposited, and whether to be taken out for Plome Consumption or for Exportation; and in case the same shall be intended to be taken out for Plome Consumption, then the Excise Duties charged or chargeable thereon shall be paid down to the proper Collector of Excise, according to the Account first taken on the Landing thereof, before any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall be taken or delivered out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses; or in case the same shall be intended to be taken out for Exportation without Payment of Duty, then the Proprietor or Exporter thereof shall, before the Delivery thereof out of any such Warehouse or Warehouses, give good and sufficient Security, to ne approved by the Commissioners of Excise, or the Person or Persons appointed or employed by them for that Purpose, which Security such Person or Persons are hereby authorized and empowered to take, by Bond, in Double the Value of the Duties charged or chargeable thereon for Home Consumption, that the same and every Part thereof shall be duly shipped and exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and shall not be unshipped, unladen or put on board any other Ship, Vessel or Boat (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident excepted,) nor relanded in any Part or Place in Great tain, or in the Islands of Jersey, G, Alderney, or Man:

Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to require or authorize any Bond to be taken by the Commissioners or Officers of Excise in respect to the Exportation of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, shall be taken or delivered out of any such Warehouses, either for Home Consumption or Exportation, save and except in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Removal and shipping of all such of the said Goods, Wares or Merchandize, as shall be intended for Exportation, except Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, shall be attended and the same shall be seen on Shipboard by the proper Officer of Excise.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, which shall be delivered or taken out of any such Warehouse for Home Consumption, shall be accompanied by an Excise Permit, granted according to the Laws in that Case made and provided; and in case any such

20 Goods,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

0.132.

279

Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Coffee and Cocoa Nuts excepted, portation be shall be delivered or taken out of such Warehouse for Exportation, forthwith the same and every Part thereof shall forthwith and without unne- s lpped* cessary Delay, and in the Presence of the proper Officer of Excise as aforesaid, be carried to and put on board the Ship or Vessel in which the same are intended to be exported; and in case the same or any Part thereof shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, after being delivered from or out of the Warehouses, and before exported, or shall not be actually put on board such Ship or Vessel, or if the Whole or any Part thereof shall, after being so shipped, be unshipped or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or If unshipped or into any Boat, (Shipwreck or other unavoidable Accident ex- relanded (Excepted,) or shall be relanded in Great, all such Goods,

Wares or Merchandize, the shipping of which shall be so omitted or CC1 en 3

neglected, or which shall be altered in Quantity or Quality, or

shall be unshipped or relanded, shall, together with the Packages

containing the same, be forfeited, over and above the Penalty of

the Bond given or entered into in respect of the Exportation May be seized,

thereof, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of

Excise.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Excise Officers to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, to take a true to Account and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality and Species of before °ods all such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Ex- and ’

cise, which shall be proposed or intended to be or shall be ware- Samples, housed before Payment of the Duties, by Weight, Gauge, Tale or otherwise, as the Case may require, while the same shall be remaining on Shipboard, or while in any Boat, Barge, Lighter or Vessel, or as soon as the same shall be landed, or whilst the same shall remain on any Wharf, Quay or other Place whatever, and also while the same shall be remaining in any such Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, in order to ascertain and secure the Duty or Duties of Excise chargeable thereon; and such Officer or Officers of Excise shall be permitted at any Time to take a Sample of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize as aforesaid; that is to say, out of every Cask of any Kind of Spirits a Sample not exceeding Half a Pint, and out of every Cask or other Package of Coffee or Cocoa Nuts, a Sample not exceeding One Ounce; which Samples shall be regularly marked and registered, and securely kept by the proper Officer or Officers of Excise, until the Goods, Wares or Merchandize to which the same particularly refers shall have been legally delivered for Home Consumption, or for Exportation.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Importer or ful for the Importer or Proprietor of any such Goods, Wares or Proprietor may Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, at any Time in the ta^e Samples. Presence of the proper Officer of Excise, to take a Sample thereof; that is to say, out of each Cask of any Kind of Spirits or Wine, not more than Half a Pint; and out of every Cask or other Package of Coffee or CocoaNuts, not more than Two Ounces; provided that no more than Two such last mentioned Samples shall be taken, save and except in any Case where the former Samples shall be returned.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Importer or Importer or

T 4 Proprietor.

280

C. 132.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Proprietor may examine Goods in the Presence of the Officers.

[Proviso.]

Duty shall be paid for Deficiencies.

Excise Officers to take Account of Coffee and Cocoa Nuts.

Obstructing

Proprietor, who may have Occasion or be desirous to inspect or examine any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize to him belonging, shall, upon giving Four Hours’ Notice in Writing to the proper Officer of Excise, be permitted by such Officer, with the Concurrence and in the Presence of the proper Officer or Officers of the Customs, to enter into and remain in such Warehouse or Warehouses so long as shall be necessary, during the legal Hours of Business, for the Purpose of inspecting or examining such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or for making such lawful Alterations therein, or Arrangements thereof, as may be necessary either for the Preservation and Security thereof, or in order to the Sale or legal Disposal of the same respectively:Provided always, that no such Alterations or Arrangements shall be made which may in any respect tend to lessen His Majesty's Duties, or to impede or obstruct or otherwise embarrass the Officers of Customs and Excise in taking and keeping a true Account thereof.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Quantity of any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, subject to a Duty of Excise, which, at the full End and Expiration of One Year from the Day of the Date of the Bond given or entered into with the Excise in respect of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, shall have been duly delivered for Home Consumption, added to the Quantity of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively which within the like Period shall have been duly exported, shall fall short or be deficient of the actual Quantity ascertained and taken Account of at the Time of the Importation thereof, then and in such Case the Importer or Proprietor of such Goods, Wares or Merchandize respectively shall, and he is hereby required immediately to pay to the proper Collector of Excise, the whole of the Excise Duties charged or chargeable for or in respect of the Quantity so deficient as aforesaid; and upon the making of such Payment, the Bond given or entered into for the due Payment of the Duties of Excise as aforesaid, shall be delivered up and cancelled.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer or Officers of Customs and Excise to take a true and particular Account of all Coffee and Cocoa Nuts which shall be, after the Commencement of this Act, remaining in any Warehouse or Warehouses in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited before Payment of the Duties; and if any such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts shall not be duly cleared for Home Consumption, or for Exportation, within One Year after taking such Account, it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of the Customs in England and Scotland respectively, to direct the same to be sold for and towards satisfying the Duties of Customs and Excise, and the Charges attending such Sales; and if any Surplus shall remain after Payment of such Duties and Charges, the same shall be paid to the Proprietor or Owner of such Coffee or Cocoa Nuts; provided, that if a Price cannot be obtained for such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts equal to the full Amount of the Duties and Charges, then and in such Case such Coffee and Cocoa Nuts shall be effectually destroyed in the same Manner as is by this Act directed in case of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize required to be destroyed.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 132. 281

whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose or impede any Officer or Officers of Customs or Excise in the due Execution of the Powers or Authorities by this Act granted to such Officer or Officers of Excise, or any or either of them, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shaft extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal or alter any of the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters or Things enacted by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise in Force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, for or in respect of Tea, Tobacco or Snuff, or Rum, Spirits or Aqua Vitae, of the Produce of the British Plantations in America; but that all and singular the said Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things enacted as aforesaid, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect, the same not being controlled by or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things enacted by any Law or Laws of Excise in Force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, whether in relation to the Importation or Exportation of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise as aforesaid, or for the better ascertaining or securing those Duties, not being expressly repealed, revoked, altered or controlled by this present Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, shall also remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, in respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize subject to Duties of Customs or Excise as aforesaid, shall be sued for, levied, recovered or mitigated, as by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or performed in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff* or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer

Officers of Excise,

Penalty 2001.

Regulations respecting Tea, Tobacco, Snuff and Spirits, not repugnant to this Act to continue.

Provisions of former Acts, not repugnant, to continue.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Limitation of Actions.

General Issue.

282

C. 132.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Treble Costs.

Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant had in any other Cases to recover Costs by Law.

[As to Treasury directing the Warehousing of certain,

45 G. 3. c. 87. 151. per Cent.Duty on Plain Linen 'warehoused exported under this Act, 50 G. 3. c. 26. Powers of this Act extended, 46 G.3. c. 137. See 47 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 48. And as to removing warehoused Goodsifor Exportation, 50 G. 3. c. 64. and by § 5. of that Act, the Powers of this Act .]

TABLES referred to by this Act.

TABLE (A.)

A LIST of ARTICLES which may be secured in Warehouses within the Premises situated at the Isle of Dogs, and belonging to the West India Dock Company, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Cococa Nuts

Coffee

Sugar

Cotton Wool

Ginger

Indigo

Mahogany

Melasses

Pimento

Rum,

1 Not imported by the United Company of Merchants of England I trading to the East Indies.

Imported from the Indies.

[See 51 G. 3. c. 47. § 7. — As to taking Raisins and West India Sugar out of Warehouse, see 52 G. 2. c. 2. 46 G. 3. c. 115.]

TABLE (B.)

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, or not being imported from the West Indies') may be secured in Warehouses within the Premises belonging to the London Dock Company, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Rice, Wine, Geneva and other

Tobacco, Brandy, Spirits.

TABLE (C.)

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East,

or not being imported from the Indies) may be secured

in Places to be approved by the Commissioners of the Customs, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Brimstone,

Cork,

Hemp undressed, Iron in Bars, Kelp,

Mahogany,

Pitch,

Rosin,

Staves,

Tallow,

Tar,

Timber,

Tow,

Turpentine,

Wood.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 132, 133.

283

TABLE (D.)

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East,

or not being imported from the West Indies) may be secured in Warehouses to be approved by the Commissioners of the Customs, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Skins, videlicet. — Indian Deer Skins, half dressed or shaved.

Other Skins and Furs not tanned, tawed or in any way dressed,

Spermaceti Oil, Head Matter, Train Oil and all other Fish Oil, Blubber, and Whale Fins of British Fishing.

TABLE (E.)

A LIST of ARTICLES which (not being imported by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East or not being imported from the West Indies) may be secured in Warehouses to be approved by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, without the Duties due on the Importation thereof being first paid:

Almonds of all Sorts, Feathers for Beds,

Anchovies, Anniseed,

Balsam Capivi, Barilla,

Bees Wax,

Bristles undressed, Cantharides, Carpets, Turkey, Chip Hats,

Clover Seed, Cochineal,

Cotton Yarn,

----Wool,

Currants, Elephants’ Teeth,

Figs,

Ginseng,

Gum Arabic,

---- Senega,

Jalap,

Jesuit’s Bark, Indigo,

Juniper Berries, Linen, plain of all Sorts, except Sail Cloth,

Manna,

Mohair Yarn,

Oil of Olives,

Oil, Palm,

— Sallad,

— of Turpentine, Opium,

Prunes,

Quicksilver,

Raisins of all Sorts, Rhubarb,

Saffron,

Senna,

Silk, Raw,

----Thrown,

----Waste,

Smalts,

Straw Hats.

CAP. CXXXIII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to permit the Importation and Exportation of certain Goods and Commodities into the Port of Tortola; and to continue until the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and amend so much of an Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the prohibiting the Importation of foreign wrought Silks and Velvets into Great Britain.

[11th August 1803.]

EXF.

284 *

C. 134, 135.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

CAP. CXXXIV.

An Act for the Relief of the Captors of Prizes, with respect to the bringing and landing certain Prize Goods in Great Britain during Hostilities.

[11th August 1803.]

[The Continuance of this Act appears to be during the then Hostilities. § 14*. It is revived and continued 2 March 1816) 54*G.3. c. 182. §3. butnfurther Continuation ]

CAP. CXXXV.

An Act for the removing of Doubts respecting the Validity of Assignments made or to be made pursuant to the Awards of the Commissioners acting under the Seventh Article of the Treaty with the United States of and for the

better enabling of His Majesty to recover the Interests so assigned.

[11th August 1803.]

Seventh Article of Treaty with the United States, dated November 19, 1794, recited.

Convention dated Jan. 8, 1803.

WHEREAS by the Seventh Article of the Treaty of Amity,

Commerce and Navigation, concluded between His Majesty and the United States of, and signed at London on the Nineteenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety four, after reciting that Complaints had been made

by divers Merchants and other Citizens of the United States, i that during the Course of the War in which His Majesty was ‘ engaged, they had sustained considerable Losses and Damages ‘ by reason of irregular or illegal Captures or Condemnations of ‘ their Vessels and other Property, under Colour of Authority or

Commissions from His Majesty; and that from various Circum-< stances belonging to the said Cases, adequate Compensation for ‘ the Losses and Damage so sustained could not then be actually

obtained, had and received by the ordinary Course of judicial ‘ Proceedings, it was agreed that in all such Cases, where ade-

quate Compensation could not, for whatever Reason, be then

actually obtained, had and received by the said Merchants and

others in the ordinary Course of Justice, full and complete Compensation for the same should be made by the British Government;

and for the Purposes of ascertaining any such Losses or Damage,

Five Commissioners should be appointed and authorized to act

in London in manner therein mentioned, the Award of the said

Commissioners, or any such Three of them as therein described, 4 in all Cases to be final and conclusive, both as to the Justice of the Claim and the Amount of the Sum to be paid to the Claimant; and His Majesty undertook to cause the same to be paid to such Claimant in Specie without any Deduction, in such Place or Places, and at such Time or Times as should be awarded by the same Commissioners, and on Condition of such Releases and

Assignments, to be given by the Claimants as by the said Commissioners might be directed: And Whereas by a Convention, 4 signed at London the Eighth Day of January One thousand

eight hundred and three, between His Majesty and the United 1 States of America, it was agreed, that instead of the Sums

awarded by the said Commissioners being made payable at the

« Time

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 135, 136.

285

Time or Times by them appointed, all Sums of Money by them

awarded to be paid to American or British Claimants, according

to the Provision of the said Seventh Article, should be made payable in Three equal Instalments, the First whereof to be paid at the Expiration of every Year, the Second at the Expiration 1 of Two Years, and the Third and last at the Expiration of Three Years, next after the Exchange of the Ratifications of such Convention: And Whereas the Commissioners appointed pursuant

to the said Article and Convention, or the major Part of them,

‘ upon hearing several Claims made before them, have adjudged and awarded certain Sums of Money to be paid to or for the Benefit of several Persons upon such Claims; and the said Commissioners in and by their said Award have, in pursuance of the Powers given them by the said Treaty and Convention, directed and may hereafter direct certain Assignments of all the Interests,

in respect of which such Sums of Money have been or may be awarded, to be made to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, by the Persons receiving such Sums of Money, or the First Instalment thereof; And Whereas Doubts may arise respecting the Validity of such Assignments, and how far Proceedings may be legally carried on for the Purpose of recovering the Interest so assigned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

same, That in all Cases where any Assignment shall have been or Assignments of shall be executed pursuant to such Award or Awards, all such Interest made Assignments shall be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes by Claimants, whatsoever; and all and every the Right, Title and Interest, to- Aw^/com gether with all Right of Suit or Action conveyed or expressed to missioners Un-be conveyed in such Assignment or Assignments, shall be, and der said Article, the same are hereby legally and absolutely vested in the said Lords and Convention, Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, for valid, and such the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and it shall and Treast0 V<for may be lawful for His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and he Benefi?of° and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered in his or His Majesty, their own Name or Names, or in the Name of the Complainant or Complainants, Claimant or Claimants, or other Persons whose Interest have been or shall be so assigned to prosecute and carry on all such Claims, Suits and Actions, and all other Proceedings as are depending at the passing of this Act, or as might now or hereafter be legally commenced, prosecuted or carried on by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons whose Interest or Interests have been or shall be so assigned in respect of such Interests, in any Court or Courts, or in any Form of legal Proceedings whatever.

[As to Claims on America, see c. 39.]

CAP. CXXXVI.

An Act to suspend, until the First Day of July One thousand EXP. eight hundred and four, Proceedings in Actions, Prosecutions and Proceedings, under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also under an Act of the Reign

of

286

C. 136 — 138.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Act not to admit future Claims, except in Cases of War, &c.

Offences committed within any Indian Territories, &c. may be tried as if committed in Lower or Upper Canada.

Governor of Lower Canada

of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

[11th August 1803.] [Continued till 1st May 1809, 48 3. 131. but no further

Continuation appears.]

CAP. CXXXVII.

An Act to enable the Court of Directors of the East India Company to make reasonable Allowances to the Owners of certain Ships in the Service of the said Company, on account of the extraordinary Expence attending the Outfit of the said Ships between certain Periods, (a) [11th 1803.]

(a) [27th March 1802, and 8th March 1803.]

II. PROVIDED always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed hereafter to recognize or admit any Claim in the Owners of any Ship contracted for under the Provisions of the said recited Act, for any Allowance in Addition to the fixed Rate of Peace Freight, as settled in their respective Contracts, on account of any Variation which may from time to time prevail in the Price of Stores, or on any other Grounds whatsoever, save and except those prescribed by the said Act, namely, in the Case of actual War or Preparations for War.

CAP. CXXXVIII.

An Act for extending the Jurisdiction of the Courts of Justice in the Provinces of Lowerand Upper, to the Trial

and Punishment of Persons guilty of Crimes and Offences within certain Parts of North America adjoining to the said Provinces.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS Crimes and Offences have been committed in the Indian Territories and other Parts of, not

within the Limits of the Provinces of or Upper Canaday

or either of them, or of the Jurisdiction of any of the Courts

established in those Provinces, or within the Limits of any Civil

4 Government of the United States of, and are therefore

not cognizable by any Jurisdiction whatever, and by reason thereof great Crimes and Offences have gone and may hereafter

go unpunished, and greatly increase For Remedy whereof may

it please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all Offences committed within any of the Indian Territories, or Parts of America not within the Limits of either of the said Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, or of any Civil Government of the United States

of America, shall be and be deemed to be Offences of the same

Nature, and shall be tried in the same Manner and subject to the same Punishment, as if the same had been committed within the Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the

Governor

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 138.

287

Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government for the time being of the Province of Lower,

by Commission under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and empower any Person or Persons, wheresoever resident or being at the Time, to act as Civil Magistrates and Justices of the Peace for any of the Indian Territories or Parts of America not within the Limits of either of the said Provinces, or of any Civil Government of the United States of America, as well as within the Limits of either of the said Provinces, either upon Informations taken or given within the said Provinces of Lower or Upper or out of the said

Provinces in any Part of the Indian Territories or Parts of America aforesaid, for the Purpose only of hearing Crimes and Offences, and committing any Person or Persons guilty of any Crime or Offence to safe Custody, in order to his or their being conveyed to the said Province of Lower Canadato be dealt with according to Law; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whatever to apprehend and take before any Persons so commissioned as aforesaid, or to apprehend and convey, or cause to be safely conveyed with all convenient Speed to the Province of Lower, any

Person or Persons guilty of any Crime or Offence, there to be delivered into safe Custody for the Purpose of being dealt with according to Law.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Offender may and shall be prosecuted and tried in the Courts of the Province of Lower Canada (or if the Governor or Lieutenant Governor, or Person administering the Government for the time being, shall, from any of the Circumstances of the Crime or Offence, or the local Situation of any of the Witnesses for the Prosecution or Defence, think that Justice may more conveniently be administered in relation to such Crime or Offence in the Province of Upper Canada, and shall by any Instrument under the Great Seal of the Province of Lower Canada, declare the same, then that every such Offender may and shall be prosecuted and tried in the Court of the Province of Upper Canada) , in which Crimes or Offences of the like Nature are usually tried, and where the same would have been tried if such Crime or Offence had been committed within the Limits of the Province where the same shall be tried under this Act; and every Offender, tried and convicted under this Act, shall be liable and subject to such Punishment as may by any Law in Force in the Province where he or she shall be tried be inflicted for such Crime or Offence; and such Crime or Offence may and shall be laid and charged to have been committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court, and such Court may and shall proceed therein to Trial, Judgement and Execution, or other Punishment for such Crime or Offence, in the same manner in every respect as if such Crime or Offence had been really committed within the Jurisdiction of such Court; and it shall also be lawful for the Judges and other Officers of the said Courts to issue Subpoenas and other Processes for enforcing the Attendance of Witnesses on any such Trial; and such Subpoenas and other Processes shall be as valid and effectual, and be in full Force and put in Execution in any Parts of the Indian Territories, or other Parts of America out of and not within the Limits of the Civil Government of the United States of America, as well as within the Limits of either of

the

may empower Persons to act as Justices for the Indian Territories, &c. for committing Offenders till conveyed to Canada for Trial, &c.

Offenders may be tried in the Courts of Lower or Upper Canada, and punished accordingly.

---

288 C. 138, 139. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

the said Provinces of Lower or Upper Canada, in relation to the Trial of any Crimes or Offences by this Act made cognizable in such Court, or to the more speedily and effectually bringing any Offender or Offenders to Justice under this Act, as fully and amply as any Subpoenas or other Processes are, within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the Court from which any such Subpoenas or Processes shall issue as aforesaid; any Act or Acts, Law or Laws, Custom, Usage, Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Offenders not being British Subjects, shall be acquitted, if Offence is committed within European Territories.]

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Crime or Offence charged and prosecuted under this Act, shall be proved to have been committed by any Person or Persons not being a Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, and also within the Limits of any Colony, Settlement or Territory belonging to any European State, the Court before which such Prosecution shall be had shall forthwith acquit such Person or Persons not being such Subject or Subjects as aforesaid of such Charge.

[But Subjects shall be tried.]

V. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful for such Court to proceed in the Trial of any other Person, being a Subject or Subjects of His Majesty, who shall be charged with the same or any other Offence, notwithstanding such Offence shall appear to have been committed within the Limits of any Colony, Settlement or Territory belonging to any European State as aforesaid.

[Extended to the Hudsons Bay Company, see 1&2 G. 4. c. 66.]

CAP. CXXXIX.

An Act for preventing the forging and counterfeiting of foreign Bills of Exchange, and of foreign Promissory Notes and Orders for the Payment of Money; and for preventing the counterfeiting of foreign Copper Money.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS the Practice of forging and counterfeiting foreign Bills of Exchange, foreign Promissory Notes and foreign Orders for Payment of Money, hath of late greatly increased, and Plates of such Bills, Notes and Orders have been in some Instances engraven within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, whereby such Forgeries have been more easily committed; and it is expedient that effectual Provision should be made for the preventing of the same: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

[Persons forging, &c. foreign Bills of Exchange, &c. or uttering the same, guilty of Felony, punished by Fourteen Years Transportation.]

That if any Person from and after the passing of this Act shall, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, falsely make, forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be falsely made, forged or counterfeited, or knowingly aid or assist in the false making, forging or counterfeiting any Bill of Exchange, or any Promissory Note, Undertaking or Order for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking or Order for the Payment of Money, of any foreign Prince, State or Country whatsoever, or of any Minister or Officer entrusted by or employed in the Service of any

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 139. 289

foreign Prince, State or Country, or of any Person or Company of Persons resident in any foreign State or Country, or of any Body Corporate and Politic, and Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politic, created or constituted by any foreign Prince or State, with Intent to deceive or defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any such foreign Prince, State or Country, or with Intent to deceive or defraud any Person or Company of Persons whomsoever, or any Body Corporate and Politic, or Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politic whatsoever, whether the same be respectively resident, carrying on Business, constituted or being in any Part of the United Kingdom or in any foreign State or Country; and whether such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note or Order be in the English Language, or in any foreign Language or Languages, or partly in one and partly in the other; or if any Person from and after the passing of this Act shall, within any Part of the said United Kingdom, tender in Payment or in Exchange, or otherwise utter or publish as true, any such false, forged or counterfeited Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking or Order, knowing the same to be false, forged or counterfeited, with Intent to deceive or defraud His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or any foreign Prince, State or Country, or any Person or Company of Persons, or any Body Corporate and Politic, or Body in the Nature of a Body Politic and Corporate as aforesaid, then every Person so offending shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of Felony, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be transported for any Term of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years.

[No Persons to engrave Plates for foreign Bills of Exchange, &c. nor print them, &c. without written Authority.]

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person, from and after the passing of this Act, shall, within any Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, engrave, cut, etch, scrape, or by any other Means or Device make, or knowingly aid or assist in the engraving, cutting, etching, scraping, or by any other Means or Device making, in or upon any Plate whatsoever, any Bill of Exchange, or any Promissory Note or Undertaking, or Order for the Payment of Money, purporting to be the Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking or Order of any foreign Prince, State or Country, or of any Minister or Officer entrusted by or employed in the Service of any foreign Prince, State or Country, or of any Person or Company of Persons, resident or being in any foreign State or Country, or of any Body Corporate and Politic, or Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politic, or constituted by any foreign Prince or State, or any Part of any such Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking or Order, without an Authority in Writing for that Purpose from such foreign Prince, State or Country, Minister or Officer, Person, Company of Persons, or Body Corporate and Politic, or Body in the Nature of a Body Corporate and Politic, or from some Person duly authorized to give such Authority; or shall within any Part of the said United Kingdom, without such Authority as aforesaid, by Means of any such Plate, or by any other Device or Means, make or print any such foreign Bill of Exchange, Promissory Note, Undertaking or Order for the Payment of Money, or any Part thereof; or knowingly, wilfully, and without lawful Excuse, (the Proof whereof shall lie upon the Party accused) , have in his or her Custody

290 C. 139. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

any such Plate or Device, or any Impression taken from the same;

[First Offence, Misdemeanor, Imprisonment, Fine, &c.]

and if any Person shall offend in any of the Cases aforesaid, he shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor and Breach of the Peace, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall be liable for the First Offence to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Six Months, or to be fined, or to be publicly or privately whipped, or to suffer one or more of the said Punishments,

[Second Offence, Fourteen Years’ Transportation.]

and for the Second Offence to be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of Fourteen Years:

[Proviso for Laws in Force against Forgery.]

Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend in any manner whatsoever to repeal or alter any Law or Statute now in Force for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Forgery in any respect whatsoever within any Part of the said United Kingdom.

[Counterfeiting foreign Copper Coin, &c. Misdemeanor.]

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person, from and after the passing of this Act, shall, within any Part of the said United Kingdom, make, coin or counterfeit any kind of Coin not the proper Coin of this Realm, nor ordered by the Royal Proclamation of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, to be deemed and taken as current Money of this Realm or any Part thereof, but resembling or made with Intent to resemble any Copper Coin, or any other Coin made of any Metal or mixed Metals of less Value than the Silver Coin of such foreign Prince, State or Country respectively, or to pass as such foreign Coin,

[First Offence, Imprisonment.]

then every Person so offending, shall be deemed and taken to be guilty of a Misdemeanor and Breach of the Peace, and being thereof convicted according to Law, shall for the First Offence be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding One Year,

[Second Offence, Seven Years’ Transportation.]

and for the Second Offence be transported to any of His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations for the Term of Seven Years.

[Persons indicted not allowed to traverse to a subsequent Assizes, &c.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person against whom any Bill of Indictment shall be found at any Assizes or Sessions of the Peace for any Offence against this Act, shall be entitled to traverse the same to any subsequent Assizes or Sessions, but the Court at which such Bill of Indictment shall be found, shall forthwith proceed to try the Person or Persons against whom the same shall be found, unless he or they shall shew good Cause, to be allowed by the Court, why his, her or their Trial should be postponed.

[Certificates of former Convictions, Evidence on Trial for Second Offences.]

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, and shall afterwards be guilty of the like Offence in any other County, City, Town or Place, the Clerk of the Assize, Clerk of the Peace or Town Clerk, for the County, City, Town or Place where such former Conviction shall have been had, shall, at the Request of the Prosecutor, or any other on His Majesty's Behalf, certify the same by a Transcript in few Words, containing the Effect and Tenor of such Conviction,

[Fee for Certificate.]

for which Certificate Two Shillings and Six Pence, and no more, shall be paid; and such Certificate being produced in Court, and the Handwriting of such Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or Town Clerk thereto being proved, shall be sufficient Evidence of such former Conviction.

[Having more than Five Pieces of such counter-]

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have in his, her or their Custody, without lawful Excuse, any

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 139. 291

[feit foreign Coin in their Possession.]

greater Number of Pieces than Five Pieces of false or counterfeit Coin of any Kind or Kinds resembling or made with Intent to resemble any such Copper or other Coin as aforesaid, every such Person, being thereof convicted upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and lose all such false and counterfeit Coin, which shall be cut in Pieces and destroyed by Order of such Justice,

[Penalty.]

and shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, for every such Piece of false or counterfeit Coin which shall be found in the Custody of such Person; One Moiety to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed;

[Imprisonment.]

and in case any such Penalty shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice to commit the Person who shall have been adjudged to pay the same to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of Three Calendar Months, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

[Houses of suspected Persons maybe searched, and counterfeit Coin seized, &c.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any One Justice of the Peace, on Complaint made before him upon the Oath of One credible Person, that there is just Cause to suspect that any One or more Person or Persons is or are, or hath or have been concerned in making or counterfeiting any such false or counterfeited foreign Coin as aforesaid, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice, to cause the Dwelling House, Room, Workshop, Outhouse or other Building, Yard, Garden, or other Place belonging to such suspected Person or Persons, or where any such Person or Persons shall be suspected to carry on any such making or counterfeiting, to be searched for any such false or counterfeit Coin, or for Tools or Implements for coining such false or counterfeit Coins, or for Materials for making or coining the same; and if any such false or counterfeit Coin, or any such Tools or Implements, or any such Materials for making any such false or counterfeit Coin, shall be found in any Place so searched, or if any such Tools, Implements or Materials shall be found in the Custody or Possession of any Person or Persons whomsoever, not having the same by some lawful Authority, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever discovering the same to seize, and he and they are hereby authorized and required to seize such false or counterfeit Coin, Tools, Implements and Materials, and to carry the same forthwith to a Justice of the Peace of the County, City, Town or Place where the same shall be seized, who shall cause the same to be Secured, and produced in Evidence against any Person or Persons who shall or may be prosecuted for any of the Offences aforesaid, in some Court of Justice proper for the Determination thereof; and after such Time as any such false or counterfeit Coin, or any such Tools, Implements or Materials shall have been produced in Evidence as aforesaid, as well so much and such Parts thereof as shall have been so produced, as every other Part thereof so seized and not made use of in Evidence, shall forthwith, by Order of the Court where such Offender or Offenders shall be tried, or by Order of some Justice of the Peace, in case there shall be no such Trial,

292 C. 139, 140. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

be defaced or destroyed, or otherwise disposed of as such Court or such Justice shall direct.

[Proceedings not quashed for want of Form, &c.]

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender against this Act before any Justice of the Peace shall be quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Writ of Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Dublin.

[Limitation of Actions.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case the said Action or Suit shall commence within Three Calendar Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be brought in the County, City, Town or Place where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere;

[General Issue.]

and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit so to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the same was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, City, Town or Place, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or discontinue his, her or their Action, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs,

[Treble Costs.]

the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CAP. CXL.

An Act to enable the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Courts Martial, and the several Commissioners therein mentioned

[11th August 1803.]

---

WHEREAS Writs of Habeas Corpus have been frequently awarded by the Judges of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for bringing Persons detained in Custody under civil or criminal Process before Magistrates or Courts of Record, as well for Trial as for Examination touching Matters depending before such Magistrates or Courts respectively; but Doubts have arisen whether such Judges have Power to award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained as aforesaid before Courts Martial, Commissioners of Bankrupt, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or other Commissioners acting under Commission or Warrant from His Majesty: And Whereas it is expedient to make Provision for bringing Prisoners before such Courts Martial or Commissioners for the Purposes hereinbefore mentioned; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 140, 141.

293

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench or Common Pleas respectively, or for any Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif, at his Discretion, to award a Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing any Prisoner or Prisoners detained in any Gaol or Prison in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, before any Court Martial, or before any Commissioners of Bankrupt, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, or other Commissioners acting by virtue or under the Authority of any Commission or Warrant from His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, for Trial, or to be examined touching any Matter depending before such Courts Martial or Commissioners respectively; and the like Proceedings shall be had upon such Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus so to be awarded as aforesaid, as by Law may now be had upon Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing Persons detained in Gaol before Magistrates or Courts of Record for such Purposes as aforesaid; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. CXLI.

An Act to render Justices of the Peace more safe in the Execution of their Duty.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that Justices of the Peace in Great Britain and Ireland respective ^, who by virtue

of divers Acts of Parliament in Force in the United Kingdom,

are authorized and required to convict Persons of sundry Offences in a summary Way, should be rendered more safe in the ‘ Execution of such their Duty; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Actions whatsoever which shall, at any Time after the passing of this Act, be brought against any Justice or Justices of the Peace in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and,

for or on account of any Conviction by him or them had or made, under or by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in the said United Kingdom, or for or by reason of any Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, done or commanded to be done by such Justice or Justices, for the levying of any Penalty, apprehending any Party, or for or about the carrying of any such Conviction into Effect, in case such Conviction shall have been quashed, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, besides the Value and Amount of the Penalty or Penalties which may have oeen levied upon the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in case any Levy thereof shall have been made, shall not be entitled to recover an)' more or greater Damages than the Sum of Two Pence, nor any Costs of Suit whatsoever, unless it shall be expressly alleged in the Declaration in the Action wherein the Recovery shall be had, and which shall be in an Action upon the

U 3 Case

Any Judge of the Courts at Westminster may award Habeas Corpus for bringing up Prisoners for Trial or Examination before Courts Martial, Commissioners of Bankrupt, Sec.

In Actions against Justices Plaintiff (besides Penalty-levied) shall recover only Two Pence Damages, and no Costs, unless Malice and want of probable Cause be expressly alleged.

Case only, that such Acts were done maliciously and without any reasonable and probable Cause.

II. And be it further enacted, That such Plaintiff shall not be entitled to recover against such Justice any Penalty which shall have been levied, nor any Damages or Costs whatsoever, in case tiff proved guilty such Justice shall prove at the Trial that such Plaintiff was guilty of Offence, &c. of the Offence whereof he had been convicted, or on account of which he had been apprehended or had otherwise suffered, and that he had undergone no greater Punishment than was assigned by Law to such Offence.

Penalty, &c. not to be recovered if Plain-

CAP. CXLII.

An Act to make Provision, in certain Cases, for the Wives and Families of balloted Men, Substitutes and Volunteers, serving in the Militia of Ireland.

[11th August 1803.]

[Amended, 44 G. 3. c. 34., 4-9 G. 3. c, 86.]

CAP. CXLIII.

An Act for the rendering Justices of the Peace, and Governors and Deputy Governors of Counties and Places in,

more safe in the Execution of their Office; and for indemnifying Constables and others acting in Obedience to the Warrants of such Justices of the Peace, Governors and Deputy Governors respectively.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates and Persons in Ireland are discouraged in the Execution of their Office by vexatious Actions brought against them, or by reason of small and involuntary Errors in their Proceedings:

‘ And Whereas it is necessary that they should be (as far as is consistent with Justice and the Safety and Liberty of the Subjects ‘ over whom their Authority extends) rendered safe in the pxe- cution of their several Offices and Trusts: And Whereas it is also necessary that the Subjects should be protected from all wilful and oppressive Abuse of the several Laws and Statutes com- matted to the Care and Execution of the said Justices of the Peace and other Magistrates and Persons Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the No Writ sued Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August Justice^&^for One thousand eight hundred and three, no Writ shall be sued out

Things*done against, nor any Copy of any Process at the Suit of a Subject shall

Execution of be served on any Justice of the Peace or Governor or Deputy Office, until Governor of any County or Place in, for any Thing by

after One him done in the Execution of his Office, until Notice in Writing

Month’s Notice, gy^ intended Writ or Process shall have been delivered to him, c' or left at the usual Place of his Abode, by the Attorney or Agent

for the Party who intends to sue out or serve or cause the same to be sued out or served, at least One Calendar Month before the suing out or serving the same; in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause of Action which such Party hath or claimeth to have against such Justice of the Peace or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 143 — 145. 295

Governor or Deputy Governor respectively^ on the Back of which Notice shall be indorsed the Name of such Attorney or Agent, together with the Place of his Abode, who shall be entitled to have the Fee of Twenty Shillings for the preparing and serving such Notice and no more.

" Amends may be tendered to the Party complaining, and pleaded " in Bar. § 2. No Plaintiff shall recover unless Proof is made " that Notice was given. § 3. Amends may be paid into Court " before Issue joined. § 4. No Evidence shall be given of any " Cause of Action except what is contained in Notice. § 5. No " Action shall be brought against Constables, &c. acting in Obe-u dience to Warrant of a Justice, &c. till Demand made of the " Copy of the Warrant and Refusal thereof for Six Days, &c. — u Such Constables being Defendants shall have a Verdict not-

" withstanding any Defect of Jurisdiction---Where Judge shall

" certify the Act to be malicious, the Plaintiff shall on Verdict have Double Costs. §6. Limitation of Actions against Justices,

" &c. and Constables, &c. Six Months. § 7.

[British Act

24 G.3. c. 44. to 'which this Act is precisely mutatis

mutandis, according to the Title and Preambled]

CAP. CXLIV.

An Act for procuring Returns relative to the Expence and EXP. Maintenance of the Poor in England.

[11th August 1803.]

[To Easter 1803. — § 1.5.]

CAP. CXLV.

An Act for more effectually securing certain Duties on Malt, and for preventing Frauds by Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg in Scotland.

[11th August 1803.]

FOR the more effectually securing the Duties on Malt imposed { jt? by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months afoer

the Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of, certain -

tional Duties of Excise in Great Britain, and preventing of Frauds ‘ by Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland f(a) Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Duty of 2s. per and after the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and Bushel under three, the Duty of Two Shillings imposed by the said recited Act ^Tpaid on Malt shall be charged and paid for and upon all and every Bushel of maJe gCot-Malt whatsoever, which shall be made by any Maltster or Maker land, except

of Malt within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, save from Beer or and except such Malt only as shall or may be made by any Malt- Bigg, under ster or Maker of Malt, Maltsters or Makers of Malt, from Beer t ls ct* or Bigg only, duly entered according to and under the several Regulations, Restrictions and Provisions hereinafter mentioned.

(a) c. 81. ante.

‘J96

C. 145.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803

Persons intending to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, to make Entry at the Excise Office of every Cistern, &c.

Penalty 501. per Cistern, &c.

Entry to be in Force for Three Months and till withdrawn.

Such Entry not to be withdrawn until^all Malt is made, taken account of, and charged.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth

Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and every

Person or Persons who shall propose or intend to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only in that Part of Great Britain called,

before he, she or they shall erect, set up, alter, enlarge or make use of any Cistern, Utting Vat, or other Utensil for wetting or steeping Beer or Bigg, to be made into Malt, or any Kiln, Floor, Room or other Place, for the making or keeping of such Malt, or for the laying or keeping of Beer or Bigg, for the Purpose of being made into Malt, shall make a true and particular Entry in Writing at the next Office of Excise of every such Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil, Kiln, Floor, Room or Place whatsoever; and shall in such Entry express and declare, that he, she or they is or are to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, and from no other Grain whatsoever; on Pain to forfeit for every Cistern, Uting Vat, Utensil, Kiln, Floor, Room or Place whatsoever, made use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, without such Entry as aforesaid, the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling; and if any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, shall not, in the Entry so made or directed to be made as aforesaid, express and declare that he, she or they is or are to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, and from no other Grain, then and in every such Case such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt respectively, shall be deemed and taken to be, and is or are hereby expressly declared to be a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain, subject to the Duty imposed by the said recited Act of Two Shillings for every Bushel of Malt made by him, her or them, and to all other Duties, Regulations, Provisions, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, to which any Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain are subject and liable by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, when and so often as any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, shall have made such Entry as aforesaid, expressing that he is to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, such Entry shall be and remain in Force for the Space of Three Months at the least; and shall likewise continue in Force at all Times until such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt respectively, shall deliver to and leave with the proper Officer of Excise a Notice in Writing, signifying that he, she or they, has or have withdrawn and renounced the said Entry, and is or are no longer to continue to make Malt from Beer or Bigg only, in manner aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, no such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, shall be permitted to withdraw or renounce his, her or their Entry at any Time until all the Beer or Bigg in his, her or their Custody or Possession shall have been and is completely made into Malt and dried off, and until the Whole thereof has been taken account of, and the Duties thereon have been charged by the proper Officer of Excise; but the Officers of Excise shall

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 115. 297

and may continue^tCrsurvey such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, until the Whole of such Beer or Bigg is completely made into Malt, dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty as before mentioned.

[No Entry made BarWas

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, no Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn a Maltster from or Grain, shall be permitted to make an Entry as a Maltster or Beer or Bigg Maltsters from Beer or Bigg only, until all the Malt made by him, only till all her or them from Barley or other Corn or Grain, shall be com- Barley completely dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty, and " edor

until all the Barley or other Corn or Grain in his, her or their remove(i? nor Custody or Possession shall be completely removed and carried vice verso, away from his, her or their Possession and Premises; and no

Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only shall be permitted to make an Entry as a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from [Beer or Bigg only shall be permitted to make an Entry as a Maltster or Maltsters of Malt from] Barley or other Corn or Grain, until all the Malt so by him made from Beer or Bigg only shall be completely dried off, taken account of, and charged with Duty, and until all the Beer or Bigg in his, her or their Custody or Possession shall be completely removed and carried away from his, her or their Possession and Premises, and after all or any Entry or Entries which shall be made, or offered or tendered to be made, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Fifth Makers of Malt Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, no Maltster from Barl^r

or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley and other q" Bi^poM^ Corn or Grain, shall directly or indirectly be concerned or have not to&be Malt, any Share, Title or Interest in carrying on the Trade or Business sters. of a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only; and if any Person or Persons shall carry on the Business of a Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, along with that of a Maltster or Maltsters,

Maker or Makers of Malt from Barley and other Corn or Grain,

he, she or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Penalty 2001.

Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

VII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Malting from Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, no Per- Beer or Bigg son or Persons whatsoever shall be permitted to make Entry of Bark^A^0 any House or Place for the laying, making or keeping of Malt to^carriedon made from Beer or Bigg only, unless the same shall be completely and entered in separate and apart, and under a separate Roof, and in separate separate Pre-Premises from any House or Place entered for the making, laying mises; on Pe-or keeping of Malt made from Barley and other Corn or Grain; "any of consi" and no Person or Persons shall be permitted to make an Entry of ummtere^6 any House or Place for the making, laying or keeping of Malt

made from Barley and other Corn or Grain, unless the same shall be completely separate and apart, and under a different Roof, and in separate Premises from any House or Place entered for the making, laying and keeping of Malt made from Beer or Bigg only; and if any Entry or Entries shall be made or offered to be made

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

298

Bringing Beer or Bigg into Possession of Maltster, without Notice to Officer, and Certificate from Seller, &c.

Or bringing other Corn, Forfeiture, and Penalty 1001.

Giving false Certificates,

Penalty I00J.

C. 145.

contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, every such Entry shall be and is hereby declared to be null and void, and any Person or Persons making, laying or keeping any Malt in any such House or Place, Houses or Places, situate and lying contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker or Makers of Malt without Entry, and shall be liable to all the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for or in respect of the making of Malt without Entry, or concealing the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, no Beer or Bigg shall be brought into the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, or into any Room or other Place made use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, for the making, laying or keeping of such Malt, or of Beer or Bigg to be made into Malt, whether the said Room or other Place shall be entered or not, without first giving Notice thereof to the proper Officer of Excise of the Division or Place within which such Room or other Place is situate, and without producing to the said Officer, and leaving with him an authentic Certificate under the Hand of the Seller or other Person or Persons from whom such Beer or Bigg was purchased or received, testifying that such Seller or other Person or Persons do know the Corn or Grain so sold, sent or delivered unto and to be received by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, to be really and actually Beer or Bigg, or Bigg only, without any Mixture therein, or any Addition thereto, of any other Kind or Species of Corn or Grain whatsoever; and if any Corn or Grain whatsoever, other than Beer or Bigg only, shall be brought or received into the Custody or Possession of any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only; or if any Corn or Grain of whatever Species the same may be, shall be received into the Custody or Possession of any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, without such Notice and Certificate as is hereinbefore mentioned, all such Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain whatsoever, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, into whose Custody or Possession the same shall be brought, or in whose Custody or Possession the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

IX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall give or grant unto any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, any false or untrue Certificate, signifying or certifying that any Corn or Grain whatsoever, sold, sent or delivered unto any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt as aforesaid, is really Beer or Bigg only, without any Mixture or Addition of any other Corn or Grain, when such Corn or Grain so sold, sent or delivered is not really and truly Beer or Bigg only, without such Mixture or Addition of other Corn or Grain, every such Person

43° GEO. III.

299

A.D. 1803.

C. 145.

or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

X. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, when any Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain whatsoever, shall be brought and received into the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, or into any House, Room or Place made use of by such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, for the making, laying or keeping of such Malt as aforesaid, or of Beer or Bigg to be made into Malt, then and in every such Case all such Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, shall be kept separate and apart from, and not in any Manner mixed or confounded with any other Beer or Bigg, or any other Corn or Grain, in the Custody or Possession of such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt as aforesaid, for the Space of Twenty four Hours at least after the same hath been so received into his, her or their Custody or Possession, so that the Officer of Excise may have an Opportunity of inspecting and examining the same; and if any such Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, shall not be kept separate and apart for Twenty four Hours from all other Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain, as is herein directed, then and in every such Case all such Beer or Bigg, or other Corn or Grain so mixed or confounded, and all the Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain, with which the same shall be so mixed or confounded, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt in whose Custody the same shall be found shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, it shall not be lawful for any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, to wet, steep, or put into Water any Beer or Bigg, in order to be made into Malt, until the Expiration of Twenty four Hours at least after the said Beer or Bigg shall have been brought into his, her or their Custody or Possession; and if any such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, shall begin to wet, steep or put into Water any Beer or Bigg, in order to be made into Malt before the Expiration of Twenty four Hours after such Beer or Bigg has been brought into his, her or their Custody or Possession, whether Notice of his, her or their Intention to wet the same shall or shall not have been given, he, she or they shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds; and all the Beer or Bigg so begun to be wet, steeped or put into Water as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise.

XII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, all and every the Officer or Officers of Excise shall be and is or are hereby authorized and required to examine and take Account of all Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain whatsoever, which shall or may be in the Custody or Possession of any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, whether the same shall

Beer or Bigg or other Grain brought into the Possession of any Maltster from Beer or Bigg only shall be kept separate for Twenty four Hours for the Examination of the Officer.

Forfeiture, and Penalty 501.

Maltsters from Beer or Bigg only shall not wet the same until Twenty four Hours after being brought in.

Penalty 50l. and Forfeiture.

Excise Officers to examine Beer or Bigg, and may take Samples.

300

C. 145.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Obstructing

Officers,

Penalty 1001.

Barley, &c. or Malt thereof found on Premises of Maltster, from Beer or Bigg only, forfeited.

Penalty on Maltster, 501. and charged with Duty of 2s. per Bushel for Malt then found.

Maltsters from Beer or Bigg only, subject to same Regulations as Maltsters from Barley, &c.;

Former Acts in Force.

be actually making or made into Malt or not, and to ascertain to the best of his Knowledge and Belief the Species or Kind of all such Corn or Grain, and to take a Sample or Samples of all such Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain, if such Officer or Officers shall deem the same to be necessary, such Sample or Samples not exceeding Two Ounces in the Whole out of each separate Parcel of Beer or Bigg, Corn or Grain; and if any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct such Officer or Officers in examining the Species or Kind of such Beer, Bigg or other Corn or Grain as aforesaid, or in taking Samples of the same, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, if any Officer or Officers of Excise shall find and discover any Barley or other Corn or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, or any Malt which has been made from Barley or other Corn or Grain than Beer or Bigg, in the Custody or Possession of or on the Premises belonging to any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, whether the said Barley, Corn, Grain or Malt shall be mixed or mingled with or among Beer or Bigg, or with or among Malt made from Beer or Bigg, or not, then all such Barley, Corn or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, and all such Malt made from Barley, Corn or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, and also all the Beer or Bigg, and Malt made from Beer or Bigg, with or among which the same shall be mixed or mingled, shall be forfeited and lost, and shall and may be seized by any Officer or Officers of Excise; and the Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, with whom or in whose Custody such Barley, Corn or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, or Malt made from Corn or Grain other than Beer or Bigg, shall be found, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and shall also be charged with and shall pay the full Duty of Two Shillings by the said recited Act imposed for and upon all and every Bushel of Malt whatsoever that shall then be in his, her or their Custody or Possession, whether the same shall be completely made or not, and from whatever Species of Grain the same shall or may be making or made, or pretended or alleged to be making or made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only, shall be subject and liable to all the Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures for securing, charging, computing, levying and paying the Duty or Duties upon Malt, and for preventing Frauds relating thereto, to which any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Maker of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain is or are made subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only shall have and be entitled to the same and no other Allowances in charging and computing the Duties imposed upon Malt made by him, her or them, as are made or given to Maltsters or Makers of Malt from Barley or other Corn or Grain in virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, save and except where the same shall or may be repugnant to or inconsistent with any of the Clauses, Matters or Things hereinbefore specially provided in regard to Maltsters or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. C. 115 — 150. 301

Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg only; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it farther enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and three, in case

any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt from Beer or Bigg, shall intend to make Malt from Beer or Bigg for the Purpose of Exportation, such Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt, shall be subject and liable to all and every the Rules, Restrictions, Provisions, Regulations, Limitations, Penalties and Forfeitures to which any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation is or are liable, and shall be entitled to and shall receive the same and no other Allowances which any Maltster or Maltsters, Maker or Makers of Malt for Exportation does or is entitled to receive in virtue or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force relating to the making of Malt for Exportation.

CAP. CXLVI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two Millions for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned.

[11 th August ] 803.]

CAP. CXLVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[11th August 1803.]

CAP. CXLVIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and three.

[11th August 1803.]

CAP. CXLIX.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity of Sixteen thousand Pounds on the House of, during His

Majesty's Pleasure.

[11th August 1803.]

CAP. CL.

An Act for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and for amending the said Acts, so far as the same relate to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

[11th August 1803.]

'WHEREAS it is expedient that certain of the Provisions and Powers contained in any Acts in relation to the Duties on Windows or Lights, on Inhabited Houses, on Servants, Carriages,

and so, on making such Malt for Exportation.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

302

C. 150.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Duties now under Management of Tax Office and Land Tax in Scotland to be levied under Regulations of this Act.

[Commencement of Act.]

From what Time Duties placed under this Act, to take Effect.

Commissioners (except Sheriffs Depute, &c.) to be qualified to act as Land under Tax Act.

S8 G. 3. c. 5.

Shall be sworn.

Penalty 1001.

Commissioners to take Oaths of Allegiance, &c.

Commissioners to take the Oaths expressed in Schedule (A).

Horses, Mules and Dogs, and other Duties transferred to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, as far as the same extend to that Part of Great Britain called, should be

reduced into one Act of Parliament, and amended in the Par- tieulars herein mentioned Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Duties now under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also the Monies arising from an Aid granted to His Majesty by a Land Tax, by an Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to Scotland, shall, from and after the Time hereinafter mentioned for the Commencement of this Act, be assessed, raised, levied and paid, under the Regulations of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to the Duties before mentioned, shall commence and take Effect from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and four.

III. And Whereas new or other Duties may hereafter be placed under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act Be it further enacted, That this Act, with respect to such Duties, shall be construed to commence and take Effect from and after the Times respectively appointed by the Act or Acts granting such Duties.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person, except the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of any Shire or Stewartry in,

for the time being, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or any of the said Acts before mentioned, unless he shall be duly qualified or authorized to act in Scotland, in Execution of the said Act passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty, by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight, nor unless he shall have taken the Oaths hereinafter mentioned; (a) and if any Person shall, from and after the Time appointed for the Commencement of the Regulations of this Act, presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act or the said Act or Acts before mentioned, or any of the Powers or Provisions therein contained, without having taken the Oaths hereby prescribed in the Manner required by this Act, or without being qualified or authorized to act as before mentioned, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling. (

(a) [See Sched. A. and § 6. post.']

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Com -

missioner in the Execution of this Act, or any other Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act in Scotland, unless he shall have first taken and subscribed the

Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and subscribed the Assurance appointed by Law to be taken and subscribed by Persons in Offices of public Trust in Scotland.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as such Commissioner, unless before he shall begin to execute the Office of such Commissioner (except in administering

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150. 303

the Oath hereinafter mentioned to any of the said Commissioners) he shall take the Oath expressed in the Schedule marked (A.) to this Act annexed; all which Oaths as aforesaid any one of the Persons so appointed a Commissioner is hereby authorized to administer, although the said Person administering the same hath not himself previously taken the said Oaths; and which Oaths so taken shall be subscribed by the Party taking the same, and the Names of all Persons so subscribing shall forthwith be transmitted to the Comptroller of Taxes at Edinburgh, by the Clerks of the Commissioners respectively, wherever such Oaths shall be so administered:Provided always, that where any Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall have already qualified himself or themselves by taking the said Oaths, shall be present at any Meeting to be held under this Act, in the same Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough respectively, then and in that Case the said Oaths shall be administered to any other Commissioner by him or them, and by no other.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of this Act, relating to the Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, in which any Commissioner or Commissioners shall be interested, either for himself, or as Factor, Agent, Attorney or Solicitor for any other Person, he shall have no Voice, but shall withdraw until it shall have been determined by the rest of the Commissioners; and if any Commissioner shall presume to act in any of the Cases before mentioned, he shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That such Commissioners as

shall be duly qualified to act in the Execution of this Act, in order to the speedy Execution of any Act or Acts relating to the Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall within the respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, for which they severally are or shall be appointed to be Commissioners, meet together yearly at their most usual or common Place of Meeting, as Commissioners of Land Tax within such Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs respectively, on or before the Thirtieth Day of April yearly, or on such other stated Day thereafter as con-

veniently can be done, and as shall be appointed by their respective Conveeners, not being later than the first Wednesday of July in every Year after the Commencement of this Act, for chargingand ordering the Payments of the said Duties to be made for the Year current at and on the said Days; and such Commissioners, or so many of them as shall be present at the said Meeting to be holden every Year as aforesaid, or the major Part of them, shall elect One fit and sufficient Person to be their Clerk, and One other fit and sufficient Person, if the said Commissioners shall deem it necessary, to be his Assistant, for the Assessments to be made of the several Duties with which the said Commissioners shall be charged, within their respective Limits; and such Commissioners shall also, at such their said Meeting, direct their Precept or Precepts to such Inhabitants of every Parish within their several Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, and such Number of them as the major Part of the Commissioners so met shall, in their Discretion, think most convenient to be Assessors, to the Effect after mentioned, requiring them to appear before the said Commissioners

Commissioners sworn to swear others.

Commissioners not to act where interested.

Penalty 501.

Yearly Meeting of Commissioners on 30th April, &c.

Election of Clerk and Assistant.

Precept for Appearance of Assessors.

304

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Appearance and Instructions of Assessors.

Certificates of Assessment on Oath.

Assessors neglecting Duty, Penalty.

Appointment of Collectors.

Assessors to take Oath.

Penalty 501.

Assessors to deliver Assessments yearly to be signed by Commissioners &c.

at their said usual Place of Meeting, on a Day to be specified in the said Precept or Precepts, which shall not exceed Twenty one Days from the Date of their Precept; and the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall cause such Precepts to be delivered to the Persons so named Assessors personally, or left at their Dwelling Houses, within the Space of Ten Days; and the said Assessors shall, upon such Day as shall be so appointed for that Purpose, within the Time before fixed, personally appear before the Commissioners at their ordinary Place of Meeting; and on the Day so appointed the said Commissioners shall again meet, and shall then openly read or cause to be read unto the Assessors appointed for each Parish, required to appear as aforesaid, the several Duties for which they are appointed Assessors, and openly declare the Effect of their Charge unto them, and how and in what Manner they ought and should make their Certificate and Assessments of the said several Duties committed to their Charge, and shall then and there appoint another Day, within the Time hereinafter limited, for the said Persons to appear again before the said Commissioners, and bring in their Certificates of Assessment in Writing under their Hands, to be verified upon their Oaths or solemn Affirmations, and not otherwise, of all the Matters and Things required of them, without Concealment or Favour; and the said Assessors are hereby strictly enjoined and required, with all Care and Diligence, to charge and assess themselves, and all other Persons chargeable with the said Duties, and to make the Assessments according to the Provisions of this Act, and of the said Act or Acts before mentioned, upon Pain of Forfeiture of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Five Pounds Sterling, and the said Commissioners shall have Power to appoint the subsequent Diets and their Conveeners from time to time subject to the Provisions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners appointed to act in the Execution of the aforesaid Acts shall, upon the Day appointed for the first Meeting of the said Commissioners in any Year, elect and choose One or more fit Person or Persons (as the Case may require) in their respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs, to be Collector or Collectors of the said several Duties within the same: Provided always, that such Collector or Collectors shall be empowered to act as Assessor or Assessors for any Parish or Place within the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, for which he or they shall be so appointed Collector or Collectors.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Person appointed or to be appointed an Assessor as aforesaid, shall, at the time of his Appointment, and he is hereby required to take the Oath, or, being one of the People called Quakers, to make and subscribe the solemn Affirmation before the Commissioners for executing this Act then present, in the Form set forth in the Schdule to this Act annexed, marked (B.) , for his due and faithful Administration of his said Office; and if he presumes to act as Assessor as aforesaid without taking such Oath or making such Affirmation, he shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, the Assessors so to be appointed as aforesaid shall make and deliver in Writing, their Certificates of Assessments for One whole Year, of all the Duties given to them in Charge as aforesaid, to the respective

Commissioners

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150.

305

Commissioners, on or before the first Wednesday of August in every Year, if they shall have appointed a Meeting for that Purpose within that Time, and Two or more of them shall attend such Meeting; and in Default of Appointment of such Meeting, or Attendance thereat by Two or more Commissioners, the Clerk to such Commissioners shall present the same to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute in the Shire or Stewartry, and to the Chief Magistrate of any City or Borough where such Default shall happen, and also to the Conveener of such Commissioners in every such Shire,

Stewartry, City or Borough, who respectively, or any Two of them in their respective Jurisdictions, as soon as conveniently can be done, shall set their Hands to the said respective Assessments, testifying their Allowance of the same, and the Clerk to such Commissioners shall then deliver to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed Collector or Collectors, a Copy of such As- Copy to be sessment allowed and duly signed as aforesaid; and the said Col- delivered to lector or Collectors is and are hereby enjoined and required, within ° ec the Space of Six Days after Delivery to him or them as aforesaid, of the Copy of the said Assessment for the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, for which he or they shall have been nominated Collector or Collectors, to deliver to some one of the Assessors of each Parish within such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, a Copy under his Hand of the said Assessment for such Parish, with an Order thereon for such Assessors delivering a Note of the Sum charged to the Parties charged therewith, either personally or at the Places of their last Abode, or on the Premises charged with the Assessment, as the Case may require; and the Assessors to Assessors to whom such Copy and Order shall be delivered shall, within Four- certify Charge, teen Days after Receipt thereof, make Notification as aforesaid thereupon, and return the said Copy and Order to the Collector, and from whom he received the same, with a Certificate upon Oath before One of the Commissioners aforesaid, that he did notify the same in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors Collectors to of the said Duties to be appointed for the several Shires, Stew- give Security, artries, Cities or Boroughs, shall, at or soon after the Time of their Appointment, and before they act in the Execution of their Duty as such Collectors, or receive any Money on the said Duties, enter into Bond to His Majesty, with such good and sufficient Caution as the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall require, binding him or them, and his or their Sureties conjunctly and severally, for his and their due and faithful Performance in every respect of all the Duties of a Collector, and for duly paying to the Receiver General for Scotland at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, at such Times after the Receipt thereof as the said Barons shall direct to be inserted in the Bond, all such Sums of Money as shall from time to time be collected by or paid to them for or on account of the said Duties, under a Penalty of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, over and above Performance; in which Bond it shall also be a Condition, that the Collector or Collectors therein named shall quarterly, on the Fifth Day of January, Fifth Day of April, Fifth Day of July, and Tenth Day of, or oftener if

required by the said Barons, deliver unto the King’s Remembrancer or his Deputy in Exchequer, a true and exact Statement,

43 Geo. III. X certified

306

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Barons of the "Exchequer may suspend or deprive Collectors not entering into Security, &c. and appoint others to officiate till annual Election.

Assessors and Collectors refusing to act,

[Penalty.]

Commissioners, &c. not liable to Penalties except under this Act.

certified upon Oath before the Sheriff Depute or Steward of the Shire or Stewartry or his Substitute, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough of which he or they is or are Collector or Collectors, of the Sums arising from the said Duties received by him or them, for the Quarter for which the Statement is given in, and of the Sum paid to the Receiver General, and the precise Sum on account of the said Duties in the Hands of the said Collector or Collectors; and which Bond the King’s Remembrancer, or his Deputy in the Court of Exchequer in, is

hereby authorized and required to take, the Sureties being approved of as aforesaid; and such Bond shall not be subject to any Stamp Duty whatever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of any Collector or Collectors refusing or neglecting to enter into such Bond or Bonds as aforesaid, in the Form prescribed by the said Barons under the Authority of this Act, or, after having entered into the said Bond, refusing or neglecting to fulfil the Conditions thereof, beside the Forfeiture of the Penalty in the said Bond, it shall be lawful for the said Barons, or any Two or more of them, to suspend from, or if necessary, to deprive of his or their Office, the Collector or Collectors so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, and to nominate and appoint a Person to officiate as Collector of the said Duties, within the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, of which the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting was or were Collector or Collectors, in the place or stead of such Person or Persons, until Thirty Days after the Time fixed by Law for the Annual Nomination of a Collector or Collectors in such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Barons shall have full Power and Authority, and is and are hereby authorized to raise, collect and pay over the said Duties, as the said Collector or Collectors so suspended or removed could have done, had not such Suspension or Removal been effected; and he and they shall also be entitled to the several Allowances authorized by Law to be made to Collectors of the said Duties, provided such Person or Persons so appointed by the said Barons shall give the like Security as is herein required on the Appointment of Collectors by Commissioners.

XIV. And be it further enacted, that if any Assessor or Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, shall wilfully neglect or refuse to take upon himself the Office of an Assessor or Collector to which he shall be appointed; or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to perform his Duty in the due and speedy Execution of this Act, or of any Act or Acts granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, any Two of such Commissioners, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry, or Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough, may and shall, by virtue of this Act, impose on such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, for every such Offence, a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds nor less than Ten Pounds Sterling.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commissioner, Sheriff or Depute Sheriff, Assessor or Collector, who shall be employed in the Execution of any such Act or Acts herein mentioned, or of this Act, shall be liable, for or by reason

of

VS° GEO. III.

307

A.D. 1803.

C. 150.

of such Execution, to any Penalty or Penalties other than as by this Act or the said Act or Acts are or may be inflicted.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons, who Inspectors and as Inspectors or Surveyors are or may be authorized to act in the Surveyors of Execution of any Act or Acts in force at or immediately before the Assessed Taxes, passing of this Act, shall also be Inspectors and Surveyors to act tors and ur" in the Execution of this Act, and of the said Act or Acts before veyorsofthe" mentioned; and it shall be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Duties to be Heirs and Successors, or the Lords Commissioners of the Trea* charged under sury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, or th*s ^ct *

the High Treasurer for the time being, from time to time to constitute such Person or Persons as His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall think proper, to be Officers for the Survey and Inspection of the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, within that Part of Great Britain as aforesaid, for doing and executing all Things belonging to the Office of Inspector or Surveyor, according to the Powers vested in them by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts, for granting the said Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, or any of them.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That every such Surveyor or Surveyors to Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall, Twice in every Year, to certify Sur-wit, between the First Day of September and the First Day of Octo- charges Twice a her following, and between the First Day of March and the First ^car>

Day of April following, yearly, and at no other Times, lodge a Note in Writing with the Clerk to the said Commissioners, of all such Surcharges as, upon supervising the Assessments, or on Examination of the Returns of the Parties, they may lawfully make; and thereupon shall give, or cause to be given to every Person so and give Notice surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or her last or usual to Parties. Place of Abode in the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, where such Surcharge shall be made, a Note in Writing, bearing the Amount for which he or she shall be charged by virtue of such Certificate, above the Amount in the Assessment.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or Sur- Allowance of veyors, Inspector or Inspectors, shall omit to make a Surcharge on further Time to or before the First Day of October in any Year, it shall be lawful make Sur-

for the Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, to make ^harges* such Surcharges on or before the First Day of April following, for the whole Year.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Surveyor or In- Surveyors mis-spector shall knowingly or wilfully, through Favour, under-rate or conducting omit to charge any Person or Persons, or shall be guilty of any themselves, corrupt, vexatious or illegal Practices in the Execution of his

Office, such Surveyor or Inspector shall for every such Offence

forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and on Conviction shall Penalty lool.

be discharged from his said Employment. and discharged.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think Persons sur-himself, herself or themselves respectively overcharged or overcharged may rated by any Assessment or Surcharge to be made by virtue or in appe.al to Corn-pursuance of any Act or Acts before mentioned, it shall be lawful Notice o? *

for him, her or them respectively, to appeal to the Commissioners Appeal, for putting in Execution the said Act or Acts in relation to such

X 2 Assessment

308

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Hearing.

Entry of* Notices;

which may be inspected by Assessors.

No Assessment altered but on Appeal.

Penalty 50l.

Party to insist on Appeal at hext Meeting.

No Abatement to be made on Appeal, but on Proof of an Overcharge.

Assessment, and this Act; cn delivering to the Collector of the Duties at his Office, and to the Surveyor of the District, or Inspector, within Fifteen Days after the Note in Writing of his Charge being delivered to him or her, or left at his or her House or Place of Abode by the Assessor or Assessors, by him or herself, or some other Person acting on his or her Behalf, a Note in Writing of such Intention to appeal, containing the Wrong or Grievance of which such Person complains; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to hear and determine all such Appeals, except where it shall appear to the said Commissioners that the Person appealing shall have omitted to notify the same as aforesaid to the proper Officer, then and in such case such Appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to dismiss the same, and to confirm the Assessment or Surcharge complained of; and every such Collector is hereby required to make an Entry in a Book to kept by him for that Purpose, of all such Notices given to him from time to time, and to lay them before the said Commissioners at their First Meeting, or deliver the same to their Clerk; and every such Collector is also hereby required, upon Demand made for that Purpose by the Assessors or Surveyors, to give them Inspection and Leave to take a Copy of all suqh Notices of Appeals, that they may attend the Meeting of the said Commissioners prepared to answer the same, in Support of their Charge or Surcharge.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Assessment made in pursuance of this Act, by the Assessor or Assessors, or, -in their Default, by the Inspectors or Surveyors, shall be altered by Commissioners or any others before the Time of hearing and determining Appeals, and then only upon a Surcharge or Surcharges, or upon the Commissioners hearing the Matter of Appeal particularly relating thereto, upon a general Appeal Day duly appointed, save and except in such Cases only where such Commissioners are specially authorized to alter or ratify any such Assessment by the Act or Acts before mentioned; and if any Clerk to such Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons, shall alter, or cause or procure or suffer to be altered, any Assessment, after the same shall have been delivered as aforesaid, except in the Cases expressly allowed as aforesaid, or in Cases of Appeal, and by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, made after Appeal as aforesaid, every such Clerk or other Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party giving such Notice of Appeal or Complaint shall neglect to insist therein before the said Commissioners, at their next general Meeting for discussing of Appeals, to be held Half yearly in Manner herein mentioned, then and in that Case such Complaint or Appeal shall be held to be fallen from, and the Charge and Assessment therein referred to shall stand in full Force.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall not, upon hearing any such Appeal, make an Abatement or Defalcation in the Charge made upon any Person by Assessment, or by the Surcharge of any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors as aforesaid, but the Charge or Surcharge shall stand good, and remain

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150.

309

main Part of the annual Assessment, unless it shall, upon hearing such Appeal, appear to the Commissioners then present, or the major Part of them, by Examination of the Appellant upon Oath or Affirmation, or other lawful Evidence to be produced by him or her, that such Person is over-rated in or by such Assessment or Surcharge, and unless the Appellant shall produce before the said Commissioners a true, perfect and complete List, Account,

Declaration or Return, as shall or may be required by the Act or Acts before mentioned, and verify the same upon his or her Oath or Affirmation; and such Surveyor, Inspector and Assessor, may then and there attend to give his or their Reasons in Support of the said Assessment or Surcharge, and may, if he or they think proper, produce any lawful Evidence in Support of the same; and such Surveyor, Inspector and Assessor, shall have full Power and free Liberty to be present during all the Time of hearing such respective Appeals, and of the said Commissioners determining the same:Provided always, if it shall appear upon such Appeal, Proviso for fur-from the Enquiry made by the said Commissioners, that the Per- ther Charge son so assessed or surcharged is or ought to be charged to any upon Appeal. Amount beyond the Amount contained in such Assessment or Surcharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to charge such Person to the Matter or Thing or Amount of the Sum omitted, in like Manner and at the like Rate as they might have done if a full, true and perfect Assessment had been made in the first Instance, or if such Person had been surcharged to the full Amount: Provided also, that no Advocate, Solicitor, Attorney or Advocates, Procurator, or any Person practising the Law, shall be allowed to no* to plead, plead before the said Commissioners on such Appeal, for the Appellant or Officers, either viva voce or by Writing.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of such Com- Notice given by missioners shall and is hereby required to give such Collectors and Clerk of Com-Surveyors as aforesaid Notice at what time or times within the Pe- "lssion's riods herein limited, and at what Place or Places, the Appeals of a*so ppeaI. any Person or Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as

aforesaid are appointed to be heard and determined; and every such Collector is also hereby required, within Ten Days after such Notice from the Clerk to the said Commissioners, to cause Notification thereof to be given to the Assessor or Assessors of every Parish within the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, of the Time and Place so appointed by such Commissioners for hearing and determining Appeals as aforesaid, that all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved as aforesaid may apply to such Assessors, and from them acquaint themselves when and where to make their Appeal to the said Commissioners.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such Appeals as shall be Appeals shall be made to such Commissioners, and of which Notice shall have been heard and deter-given to the Assessor, Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, between mined within the First Day of September and the First Day of October yearly, certain ^er o shall be heard and determined by the said Commissioners upon

such Days as shall be by them appointed for the hearing of such Appeals, between the Twentieth Day of October and the Twentieth Day of November following, and that all such other Appeals as shall be made to the said Commissioners, and of which like Notice shall have been given between the First Day of March and the

X 3 First

310

G; 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Appeals may be adjourned.

Appeals final, subject only to Judges’ Opinions.

In case Commissioners should not meet at the Time prescribed, they may meet and and execute the Powers of the Act at other Times.

In Default of Assessors being appointed, or neglecting their Duty, the Surveyors may charge the Duties.

First Day of April following, shall be! heard and determined by such Commissioners upon such other Days as shall be appointed by them for the hearing thereof, between the Twentieth Day of April and the Tenth Day of May following yearly; and no Appeal shall be allowed, heard or determined, which shall not be made at the Times and in Manner before directed, except in such Cases as the said Commissioners shall at the said Meeting specially adjourn to a Day then to be named and appointed, of which Adjournment the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall give Notice at the said Meeting when the Adjournment is made, or within Three Days subsequent thereto, to the Surveyor and Collector of the District.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Appeals once heard and determined by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present, on the Day or Days by them appointed for hearing Appeals, shall be final, and neither the Determination of the Commissioners, nor the Assessment then and there made thereupon, shall be altered on any Pretence whatever at any subsequent Meeting, or at any other Time or Place, except always in such Cases where the Opinion of One of the Lords of the Court of Session or of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall have been obtained, according to the Provisions of any Act or Acts concerning the same, requiring Alteration in such Assessment.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time there shall not have been any Meeting or Meetings of the said Commissioners, and a due Execution of any of the Powers hereby created, within or at the Time or Times, or according to the Manner or Circumstances directed or prescribed in and by this Act, it shall be lawful for any of the Persons appointed Commissioners, and they are hereby required, in all and every the said Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs respectively, wherein such Default shall have happened, to meet and execute the said Powers at any other Time or Times, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and they are hereby authorized and required forthwith, or as soon as may be after the Time or Times at which such Meetings should have been held, and such Powers should have been executed according to the Directions of this Act, to meet and execute the same, or cause the same to be executed, so that all the Duties by Law payable on Assessment be duly and effectually charged, raised, levied, collected and paid to His Majesty, His Pleirs and Successors; and all such Meetings and Acts of the said Commissioners shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be good and valid to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Omission or Defect.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if such Commissioners shall neglect to appoint Assessors as directed by this Act, or in case the Assessors by them appointed shall neglect to bring in the Certificates required by them, that then and in every such Case it shall be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed as herein mentioned, first lodging a Complaint thereof before the Sheriff or Sheriff Depute, or Substitute for the Shire or Stewartry, or before the Chief Magistrate of the City or Borough where the Default shall happen, to assess and charge the respective Parishes wherein such Default shall have happened, and to make Certificates

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150.

311

in Writing under their respective Hands of the several Duties charged by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts herein mentioned, in like Form and Manner as Assessors are required to make their Certificates of Assessment; and to return such Certificates to the Conveener of such Shire or Stewartry for his Allowance, and the same being allowed under his Hand, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Commissioners by whom the Certificate (if made by Assessors) ought to have been allowed, who shall cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to the Collectors appointed within such respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs respectively, and the Collectors to whom the same shall be delivered shall have the same Power to collect, receive and recover the said Duties, as such Collectors would have had in case the said Assessments had been allowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid: Provided, that every such Collector as aforesaid shall leave a Note in Writing to every Person charged in such Certificate of the Charge made upon him or her by the Surveyor, in like Manner as is before directed in Cases of Assessments made by Assessors.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sheriff or Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or Chief Magistrate aforesaid, with whom such Complaint shall be lodged as aforesaid, against any Assessor or Assessors for Neglect as aforesaid, to proceed to hear and determine the same, and to levy the Penalty hereby inflicted for any such Neglect, in like Manner and under the like Powers as are hereby given to Commissioners; in all which Cases the Penalty so levied shall be to the Use of the Surveyor who shall have executed the Duty of such Assessor or Assessors.

[See § id-. ante.~\

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in Case any Person or Persons shall not pay the several Sum or Sums charged upon him, her or them, by any Act or Acts herein mentioned, according to the Directions contained in such Act or Acts, or in this Act, it shall be lawful to and for any Two of the Commissioners aforesaid for any Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, or for the Sheriff Depute or Substitute for such Shire or Stewartry, and the Conveener of the County, and they are hereby required respectively (under the Penalty of Ten Pounds Sterling) , upon Certificate made to them or either of them by the Collector or Collectors that such Duties are resting and not duly paid, to issue and grant a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands for the said Collectors recovering the said Duties, and the Triple Value thereof in consequence of Nonpayment, by poinding and distraining the Goods and Effects of any Person or Persons mentioned in such Certificate, and who shall not have paid the Sums thereby assessed upon him, her or them, which Warrants shall be executed by the Constables or Sheriff Officers of the County, and the Goods and Effects so poinded or distrained shall be valued and appraised by any Two Persons to be appointed by the Sheriff Officer or Constable, which Two Persons shall be obliged to value the same, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling for each Neglect or Refusal, and which Valuation shall be made upon the Ground or at the House where the same were poinded and distrained, and shall be sold and disposed of at the Value by the Officer or Constable who does poind the same, and the Value to be applied, in the First Place, to the Satisfaction and Payment of the Duties and Triple Values owing by the Person

X 4 whose

Note of Charge to be left with Person charged.

Sheriff may levy Penalty on Assessors for Use of Surveyor.

Duties unpaid may be levied by Distress.

How Proceeds applied.

312

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803

For Default of Distress, Pariy may be imprisoned.

whose Goods are so poinded, and, in the Second Place, to the Payment for the Trouble of the Officer or Constable so poinding, at the Rate of Two Shillings per Pound of the Duties and Triple Values for which the Goods shall be so poinded and distrained, unless the Owner from whom the same were poinded or distrained shall redeem the same, by Payment of the Appraised Value within the Space of Four Days after the Poinding and Valuation, to the Officer who poinded the same; and in case an) Surplus shall remain of the Price or Value after Payment of the said Duties and Triple Values, and after Payment of what is allowed to be retained by the Officer or Constable in manner herein directed, such Surplus shall be returned to the Owner from whom the Goods were poinded or distrained; and in case no Purchaser do appear at the said Sale, that the said Goods and Effects so poinded and distrained shall be consigned and lodged in the Hands of the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute; and if not redeemed by the Owner within the Space of Four Days after the Consignment' in the Hands of the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute, that the Residue shall be rouped, sold and disposed of by Order of the Sheriff, in such Manner, and at such Time and Place as he shall appoint, he always being liable to the Payment of the Duties and Triple Values to the said Collector, and in Payment to the Officer or Constable, who shall have poinded and distrained the same, for their Trouble and Expence as before stated, in case the Value of the Goods so sold shall amount to the Extent of the said Duty and Triple Values, and to the Fees due to the Officer or Constable, and shall be, in the Third Place, entitled to One Shilling Pound of the Value of the Goods so disposed of, for his own Pains and Trouble, after Preference and Allowance of the said Duties and Triple Values, and of what is appointed to be paid to the Officer or Constable for their Trouble; and that there likewise shall be allowed to the Officer or Constable so poinding and distraining, the Expence of preserving the said Goods and Effects, and of maintaining the Cattle, if there should happen to be any among the Goods and Effects so poinded and distrained, during the Four Days allowed to the Owner to redeem them, and also the Expence of the Sale; and in like Manner the Expence shall be allowed to the Sheriff for preserving and maintaining the Goods or Cattle poinded and distrained during the Four Days that the Owner is allowed to redeem after Consignment in his Hands, and also the Expence of the Sale; and where no Goods or Effects sufficient for Payment of the said Duties and Triple Values can be found to be so poinded and distrained, and the Person liable shall neglect or refuse to pay the same, in every such Case any one of the Commissioners aforesaid, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or Con-veener of the County, shall be and is hereby authorized and required, under his Hand, to commit such Person to the Common Gaol, there to be kept without Bail until Payment shall be made.

XXXI. And Whereas it may frequently happen, that Persons quitting their Dwelling Houses or Places of Residence may remove to other Parishes or Places without first discharging or paying the Duties charged upon him, her or them, whereby the said Duties made payable by this Act will be lost, unless such Person or Persons so removing can, after such Removal, be

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150.

313

compelled to pay the same; ’ Be it further enacted, That in every Case of such Removal to any Place in, the Sur-

veyor or Inspector, or Collector acting by virtue of this Act, of the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, where such Duties are charged upon and unpaid by the Person or Persons removing as aforesaid, shall sign and cause to be transmitted a Certificate thereof to the Surveyor or Inspector, or Collector acting for the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, where the Person or Persons making such Default of Payment shall happen to reside; and any Surveyor, or Inspector or Collector to whom such Certificate is delivered, shall and he is hereby empowered by virtue of such Certificate to raise and levy the said Duties charged upon the Party or Parties removed as aforesaid, in such Manner and by the like Means and Methods as any of the like Duties are directed to be levied or recovered by this Act, and cause the Monies so raised and levied to be paid to the Collector of the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, from whence the said Person or Persons did remove, so as the same may be paid and applied according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person charged

with the said Duties in Scotland shall remove from thence into any other Part of Great Britain, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting as aforesaid in the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, where such Duties are charged and unpaid by the Person removing as aforesaid, to sign and cause to be transmitted, by the Intervention of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, such Certificate as aforesaid, to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the Land Tax in England, Wales, and -

Tweed, in the County, Riding, City, Borough, Cinque Port or Place, where the Person making such Default of Payment shall happen to reside; which Commissioners of Land Tax, or any Two or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered, by their Warrant under Hand and Seal, to raise and levy the said Duties charged, or appearing by such Certificate, and cause the Monies so raised and levied to be paid to the Receiver General for Scotland in Discharge of such Assessment, of which Intimation shall be given by such Receiver General to the Collector of the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, in which such Person was so charged, and Credit shall be given for the same in the Books of the said Collector or Collectors.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no moveable Goods or Effects whatever, belonging to any Person or Persons at the Time of any of the said Duties assessed under the Regulations of this Act became in Arrear, shall be liable to be taken by virtue of any Arrestment, Poinding, Sequestration or Diligence whatever, or by virtue of any Assignation, on any Account or Pretence whatever, unless the Party at whose Instance the said Diligence shall be used, or to whom such Assignation shall be made, shall, before the Sale or Removal of such Goods or Effects, pay or cause to be paid to the Collector or Collectors of the said Duties so due, all Arrears of the said Duties which shall be due at the Time of arresting, poinding or seizing such Goods or Effects, or which shall be payable for the Year in which such Diligence shall be used, provided the Duties shall not be claimed for more than

One

How Duties shall be recovered, when the Occupiers remove from one Place to another in Scotland.

How Duties shall be recovered in case of Persons removing from Scotland to any Part of Great Britain.

No Goods to be taken on any Process unless the Party shall pay the Arrears of Taxes not exceeding One Year.

314

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

On Refusal Collectors may distrain for all Arrears.

Commissioners to bring Collectors to account yearly.

One Year; and in case the said Duties shall be claimed for more than One Year, then the Party at whose Instance such Diligence shall have been used, or to whom such Assignation shall have been made, paying the aforesaid Collector or Collectors the aforesaid Duties due for One whole Year, may proceed as he might have done if no Duties had been so claimed; but in case of Refusal to pay the said Duties, the said Collector or Collectors are hereby authorized and required to poind and distrain such Goods and Effects notwithstanding, and upon Intimation thereof to One or more of the said Commissioners acting for such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, or to the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or Con-veener of the Shire or Stewartry, and obtaining his or their Warrant for that Purpose, which he and they is and are hereby empowered to grant, to proceed to the Sale of such Goods or Effects according to this Act, in order to obtain Payment of the whole of the said Duties, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges attending such Poinding, Distress and Sale; and every such Commissioner, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, and Conveener and Collector so doing shall be indemnified by virtue of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That at the End of every Year, or within One Calendar Month thereafter, or at such other Time as the Conveener of the County shall appoint, at the Instance of the Surveyor, on his lodging with him a Note of any Arrear resting or being unpaid of the Duties assessed in any former Year, and in all Cases where a Meeting shall not be held for the Purpose, then at the First General Meeting of the Commissioners to be held for the ensuing Year, the Commissioners appointed to put this Act in Execution within their respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, shall and are hereby empowered and required to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed within each such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, and to examine him or them upon Oath or solemn Affirmation, and assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money that shall have been paid to such Collector or Collectors of the Duties given to them or any of them in Charge, and to make such Order therein for the Payment of the same to the Receiver General on the Day or Time appointed for receiving the same, as they shall judge necessary, and also to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and the Cause or Causes thereof; and also upon such Oath or Affirmation to examine the said Collector or Collectors touching the due Payment of any Sum paid to him or them in any preceding Year, and in every such Case to make such Order therein as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required in every Year to call before them the Collector or Collectors appointed in any former Year for the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, for which they act as Commissioners, where any Sum or Sums of the Duties charged by virtue of any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be in Arrear or unpaid to the Receiver General, and to examine the said Collector or Collectors on such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, and to assure themselves of the Sum or Sums of Money paid to him or them, and of the Sum or Sums in Arrear, and also the Sum or Sums paid over to the Receiver General, and of the Sums remaining in the Hands

20 of

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150 *

315

of the said Collector or Collectors, and to make such Order therein as they shall judge necessary to prevent any Failure in the Payment of any Part of the Assessment charged by virtue of any such Act or Acts; and so from time to time as long as any of the Arrears of the said Duties, or any of them charged as aforesaid, shall be in Arrear; and the Receiver General, and the several Inspectors and Surveyors shall, when required so to do, be assisting to such Commissioners in their Enquiry in all Matters relating to their respective Offices.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any wilful Delay or Failure shall happen in the Payment of the Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, through the Default or Neglect of any Collector or Collectors, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners to revoke the Appointment of such Collector or Collectors so in Default or neglecting as aforesaid, and in Manner before directed to appoint a Collector or Collectors in his or their stead, with full Power to execute the Office of Collector by levying the Duties then in Arrear, or to become due for the Remainder of the Year; and it shall also be lawful for such Commissioners, whenever the same shall be necessary, to revoke such last mentioned Appointment, and to appoint a Collector or Collectors, in like Manner from time to time, and as often as any such Collector or Collectors shall be guilty of such Default or Neglect, provided Security be taken as in the Case of an original Appointment; and such Collector or Collectors so removed shall, on Demand of such Commissioners, deliver up to them, or in their Presence, to the Collector or Collectors newly appointed, all such Certificates of Assessments with which he or they were charged, and all Accounts of Receipts and Vouchers of Payment as aforesaid, and also shall pay to the Receiver-General all Sums then in his or their Hands, at such time as such Commissioners shall appoint; and if any Person, after such Removal from the Office of Collector, shall refuse or neglect to do any Matter or Thing required by this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be charged in any Assessment of such Duties as aforesaid, for such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, and recovered as such Assessment may be recovered, and shall also remain liable to such other Forfeitures that may be incurred, or Diligence that may be used by virtue of this Act, for detaining any Monies of the said Duties in his Hands.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector, being duly summoned, shall refuse to attend such Commissioners, or shall not answer all such lawful Questions as shall be demanded of him by such Commissioners touching the Execution of his Office of Collector, or shall refuse or neglect to produce to them the Certificates of Assessments, Accounts or Vouchers of such Receipts or Payments as aforesaid, or shall not obey the Orders of such Commissioners to be made as directed, every such Collector shall forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be charged upon him in any Assessment as aforesaid, and to be recovered as such Assessment may be recovered, over and above any Forfeiture that may be incurred, or Diligence that may be used by virtue of this Act, for detaining Monies of the said Duties in his Hands contrary to this Act.

Receiver General, &c. to assist Commissioners.

Collectors maybe removed by Commissioners for wilful Neglect,

and on Removal shall deliver Accounts, &c.

Penalty 201. to be charged in Assessment, &c.

Collectors refusing to account, &c.

Penalty 201.

316

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Bonds shall be put in Suit on Failure of Collectors paying over the Sums received.

No Allowance for Deficiency unless proved to the Satisfaction of the Court of Exchequer.

A Schedule of Deficiences to be returned upon Oath to the Court of Exchequer by the Collector claiming Deductions.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where

the Collector or Collectors appointed as aforesaid, shall fail or neglect to pay over to the Receiver General at, or his

Deputy or Deputies, any such Sum or Sums of Money, within such Number of Days after the same shall have been received by him or them as shall be specified in the Bonds entered into by such Collector or Collectors, the said Bonds shall, upon a Certificate by the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, of the Sums due or unaccounted for, be put in Suit against such Collector or Collectors, and his or their Surety or Sureties, or any of them, for the Recovery of the Sums so due by them, or any of them, and of the Penalty or Penalties in the said Bonds, over and above the Sum so due, by such Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to His Majesty as is conformable to the Course and Practice of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in settling the Accounts of the said Collectors, no Allowance shall be made for Deficiencies occasioned by Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Removal of Persons liable in Payment of the said Duties, unless it shall be proved, to the Satisfaction of the Court of Exchequer in,

that the said Collectors claiming the Allowance have used their utmost Diligence to recover the said Duties on or before the respective Days appointed for making such Payments, and that they could not collect the same by reason of such Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Removal: Provided always, that upon such Evidence being produced, the Court of Exchequer shall be at Liberty to order Credit to be given to the Collector or Collectors in his or their Accounts, for the Sums of Money due by any Person on account of the said Duties, or any Part thereof, which could not be recovered by such Collector or Collectors for the Causes aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or Collectors, who shall claim any Deduction on account of any such Deficiency as aforesaid, by reason of their not having been able to recover Payment thereof, before they shall obtain any Order from the said Barons of Exchequer for the Receiver General, his' Deputy or Deputies, giving Credit to them for all or any of the Deficiencies claimed, shall have first lodged with the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, a List or Schedule containing the Names, Surnames and Places of Abode of every Person for whose Deficiency he may claim to be allowed by the Barons to have Credit in his Account, and the particular Sum charged upon each Person named in the Schedule, and shall have made Oath, or being One of the People called Quakers, shall have made and subscribed a solemn Affirmation before any One of the said Barons, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the Shire or Stewartry of which he is Collector, that the Sum for which he so claims to have Credit is due and wholly unpaid, and that neither he nor any Person for him, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, has received any Part thereof, and that such Person became Insolvent or Bankrupt before the Day on which the Duties became payable, and had not Goods and Effects sufficient whereon to raise and levy such Duties within the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, for which such Collector shall have been appointed, before the Day on which such Duties became payable, or that such Person removed from such

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150.

317

Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, before the Day on which such Duties became payable, without leaving therein sufficient^Goods and Effects whereon such Duties could be raised and levied, and that there was not nor are any Goods or Effects of any Person or Persons liable to the Payment of such Duties in Arrear, or any Part thereof, whereby the same could or might be raised and levied; which Oath or Affirmation shall be subscribed by the said Collector, and the List or Schedule shall be returned by the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, into the Court of Exchequer, in order that every Person in the Schedule may be charged by the ordinary Diligence of the said Court of Exchequer, used in like Cases, and recovered as far as possible, and paid to the Receiver General, and by him to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster; and if any such Collector shall neglect or refuse to make such Return, he shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling, and the Sums in such Assessment remaining unpaid, for which the said Collector or Collectors shall not have had Allowance as aforesaid, shall be reassessed on the Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, according to the Directions of any Act or Acts before mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in the Event of the Death of any Collector it shall be lawful for the Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Representatives of such Collector, to settle the Accounts of such deceased Collector before the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, and if in settling the said Accounts, such Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Representatives, shall claim Deduction for the Duties of any Person or Persons, or Part thereof, by reason of the deceased Collector, or any after Collectors employed by them, not having been able to recover Payment of the said Duties or Part thereof from any Person or Persons, on account of their Bankruptcy or Insolvency, or other Causes, they shall only be allowed such Deductions as the Court of Exchequer, upon hearing the Pacts and Evidence produced, shall think reasonable, having in View the Principles and Rules herein prescribed with regard to Deductions claimed by Collectors in settling their Accounts, as far as that can be done in Justice in settling the Accounts of a deceased Collector.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Commissioners aforesaid shall cause Two Duplicates of every Assessment to be made out on Parchment by their Clerk, within One Month at the farthest after the Tenth Day of after making the said

Assessment, yearty, and One of them to be delivered to the Receiver General, and the other of them transmitted into the Office of King’s Remembrancer in the Exchequer in, for which

Duplicate the proper Officer shall give Acquittances so as

they may be duly charged to answTer their respective Collections and Receipts; and every such Duplicate shall contain the Name and Surnames of the several Assessors and Collectors for every Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, and for every Parish within the same; and if any Clerk to such Commissioners shall neglect or refuse to make out and deliver such Duplicates as aforesaid, within the Time and in Manner hereinbefore directed, or shall make any false Entry, or omit any Sum or Sums in such Duplicates, every such Clerk shall forfeit and pay the Sum of One

hundred

Penalty 1001. and Reassessments.

Executors may settle Accounts of deceased Collectors before the Court of Exchequer.

Duplicates of Assessments to be made out within a limited Time.

318

C. 150.

43° GEO. III.

Duties to be paid to Receiver General.

Receipts to be given.

Collectors gathering Duties by a false Rate.

Penalty 1001.

Collectors failing to make Payment of Duties shall be sued by Process before the Court of Exchequer.

A.D. 1803.

hundred Pounds Sterling, and on Conviction thereof shall be discharged from his said Office.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies of the Duties herein mentioned, to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall, at such Times as shall be appointed for the Payment thereof, be paid by the particular Collectors who shall collect the same unto the Receiver General now or for the time being appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or by the High Treasurer for the time being, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, to receive the same, or unto the Deputy or Deputies of such Receiver General, to be appointed under his Hand and Seal, and whom he is hereby authorized to appoint, and for whom he shall be answerable, whereof Notice shall be given by the Receiver General unto the Commissioners, within their respective Shires or Stewartries, within Twenty Days after the First Meeting, yearly, and so from time to time, within Twenty Days after the Death or Removal of such Deputy, whenever any such shall happen; and the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall give Receipts gratis to the said Collectors for all Monies by them received in pursuance of such Act or Acts; and the Receipt of the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, or any of them, shall be a sufficient Discharge unto every such Collector.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Collector or Collectors of any of the Duties herein mentioned shall collect or receive the same by any Rate or Book other than such Rate and Book as shall be signed and allowed as aforesaid, and that in case any such Collector or Collectors shall collect or receive the same by any other Rate or Book, or shall receive such Duties from any Person or Persons not charged therewith, or shall collect or receive from any Person or Persons more Money than is actually charged in such Rate or Book, and not pay the whole Money by him collected, or fraudulently alter any such Rate or Book after the same hath been signed and allowed as aforesaid, every such Collector or Collectors shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid shall fail or neglect to pay over the several Duties collected by him or them to the Receiver General at Edinburgh, or his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time specified in the Bond of Caution entered into by the said Collector as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Receiver General, and his Deputy or Deputies, may present the said Bond, or an Extract thereof, to One or more of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, with a Petition, stating the Sum due and not accounted

for by such Collector or Collectors, and praying for a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court upon such Bond, and making Oath that the Sum stated in the Petition is due and not accounted for; and the Baron or Barons to whom such Petition shall be presented may thereupon order a Horning or other competent and legal Process of Court to issue, and which Process of Court may be proceeded in by Arrestment, Poinding, Denunciation, Caption, Imprisonment or otherwise, for recovering from such Collector or Collectors, and his or their Surety or Sureties, the

Sums

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150.

319

Suras due by them, and for the Penalty in such Bond, over and above the Sums so due as aforesaid; on the Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, upon making Oath to the Sums due and unaccounted for, shall be at Liberty to proceed to the recovering the Payment thereof, and the Penalty in the Bond, by any Process for recovering Payment of Debts due to His Majesty, according to the Course of Exchequer in Sco.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case there shall happen to be a Vacancy in the said Office of Collector, by or on account of the Death of any of the Collectors for the Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in, or any

Two or more of them, upon the Application of the Receiver General or his Deputy, or the Comptroller of Taxes in, or

either of them, to nominate and appoint a Person or Persons to officiate as Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, within such Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, during the Vacancy occasioned as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed by the said Barons, shall have full Power and Authority to raise, collect and pay over the several Duties granted by this Act, or any other Act or Acts before mentioned, in the same Manner as the said deceased Collector would have had by virtue thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall, within the respective Terms appointed for Payment of the same, remit and pay the Monies received by him or them on account of the said Duties, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at, excepting

such Sum as shall be judged necessary by the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall allow to be retained by such Receiver General for answering Demands for the public Service; and the said Receiver General, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall and they are hereby required and directed to lodge in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office, in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the Information of the Barons there, as soon after remitting the Money to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer within the Time before mentioned as conveniently can be done, an Account or Statement, attested on Oath, of the Money by him or them received, remitted or retained for the public Service, as it stood upon the last Day of the Forty Days within which the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, are hereby directed to remit the Money to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster aforesaid; and the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall and they are hereby required to answer all questions that may be put by the Barons, or any One of them, concerning the Particulars of the said Account.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That after the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, shall have remitted to the Receipt of Exchequer at Westminster the Monies received by him within the respective Times before limited, he, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall continufe to remit and pay into the Receipt of Exchequer the Monies they may receive afterwards, whenever the same shall amount to the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, over

and

Vacancy of Collector by Death to be filled up by the Barons of Exchequer.

Receiver General to pay the Monies received by him into the Exchequer,

and answer all Questions upon the Account.

Receiver General to remit Money to Exchequer, whenever it amounts to 50001. above Sums allowed to be retained.

320

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 180$.

Receiver General to make up Statement of Balances, &c. when required.

Notice given of Death or Removal of Receiver General,

&c.

Constables to be aiding in the Jfixecution of the Act,

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty 50l. Officers to obey Instructions of the Lords of the Treasury.

Application and Recovery of Penalties sued for within Twelve Months *

and above the Sum that the said Receiver General shall be allowed to retain, to answer Demands for the public Service as before provided, and shall continue to do so until all Duties assessed for the Year, except as aforesaid, are received and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, when required by the said Barons of Exchequer, shall, for their Information, prepare and lodge in the King’s Remembrancer’s Office in, an Account or

Statement of the Monies received on account of the said Duties, since the last Account or Accounts thereof were settled and passed, shewing the Balances due by the different Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs, at the Time when the Account or Statement is made up; and he and they is and are hereby required also to answer any of the Questions put by any of the Barons for explaining the said Accounts, and to execute such Directions as they may receive from the Barons for reducing the Values which may appear to be due by the different Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if the Receiver General? his Deputy or Deputies, shall die or be removed, Notice thereof shall be given by the Comptroller of Taxes in Scotland to Two or more of the Commissioners acting in each Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, before the Time appointed for the next Half yearly Payment of any of the Duties herein mentioned, and so from time to time, upon the Death or Removal of such Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Constables, and other His Majesty's Officers, shall and are hereby required and enjoined to be respectively aiding and assisting in the Execution of this Act, and of every Act or Acts before mentioned, and to obey and execute such Precepts and Warrants as shall be to them directed in that Behalf by the respective Commissioners hereby appointed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, wilfully obstruct any Commissioner or Commissioners, Assessor or Assessors, Collector or Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, in the due Execution of his or their said Office or Offices, Duty or Duties respectively, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds Sterling.

LII. And be it further enacted, That the said Surveyors and Inspectors, and all other Officers and Persons who shall be employed in the Execution of this Act or any Act or Acts granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall observe and follow such Orders, Instructions and Directions as they shall from time to time receive from the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now, or for the time being, or the High Treasurer for the time being.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That One Moiety of all pecuniary Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, except where other Directions are or shall be given, may, if sued for in the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150. 321

the Time of such Penalties being incurred, in manner herein next mentioned, be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same within the Time aforesaid; and such Penalties may be sued for in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by any Action competent in that Court;

[Lord Advocate

but nevertheless it shall be lawful for His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland ', in case it shall appear to his Satisfaction that may stay Pro-

any Penalty or Forfeiture was incurred without Intention of codings.

Fraud, to stay all further Proceedings in such Actions, with

respect as well to the Share of such Penalty or Forfeiture claimed

by such Informer or Informers, as to the Share thereof belonging to His Majesty.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Penalties may such Penalty or Forfeiture, except as otherwise directed, shall be be recovered in recoverable in the Name of His Majesty's Advocate for Scotland, the Name of the on the Part of His Majesty, by Information or any Action compe- ^ord Advocate, tent in the said Court of Exchequer; and in Default of Prosecution ap-

within the Time before limited, no such Penalty or Forfeiture shall piled after be afterwards recoverable in any other manner; in all which last- Twelve Months. mentioned Cases, except as aforesaid, the Whole of such Penalty or Forfeiture shall belong to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures, and Shares of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred as aforesaid, belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General or his Deputy, to the Use of His Majesty; and that in all Cases where the Whole of such pecuniary Penalty Rewarding In-or Forfeiture shall be recovered for the Use of His Majesty, His formers.

Heirs and Successors, it shall be lawful for the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer to cause such Reward as they shall think fit, not exceeding One Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture so recovered, after deducting all Charges and Expences incurred in recovering the same, to be paid thereout, to or amongst any Person or Persons who shall appear to them entitled thereto as Informer or Informers, in respect of such Penalties or Forfeitures so recovered; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such For Recovery of pecuniary Penalties not exceeding Twenty Pounds, imposed by Penalties not this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed esceedin£ 2o1, under the Regulations of this Act, except where other Directions are given respecting the same as aforesaid, may be recoverable before the Commissioners for executing this Act, or the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Two or more of them, in the Shire,

Stewartry, City or Borough, where the Offence shall be committed; and such Commissioners and others before mentioned shall take Cognizance of such Offence upon Information or Complaint in Writing made to them, and upon a Summons to the Party accused to appear before them at such Time and Place as they shall fix, or without such Summons, in case the Party or Parties shall have been surcharged before the said Commissioners, and shall have appealed against the same, and shall appear upon such Appeal before the said Commissioners; and such Commissioners and others before mentioned, before whom the Complaint shall be lodged, shall

322

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

to be charged in Assessment.

Persons guilty of Perjury.

Punishment.

Books and Papers to be the Property of the Commissioners in Succession.

examine into the Matter of Fact, and proceed to hear and determine the same in a summary Way; and on Proof made thereof, either by voluntary Confession of the Party accused, or by Oath or solemn Affirmation of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise as the Case may require, make or decree an Adjudication for the Penalty, or for such Part thereof, to which Part thereof the said Commissioners, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall think proper to mitigate the same, not being in any Case less than One Moiety of such Penalties, and to assess the same upon the Party, and charge the same in the Assessment to which the Penalty adjudged shall particularly relate, and in addition to the Duty, in case the Party shall be charged therewith; and which Penalties so adjudged shall be levied in like manner as the said Duties may be levied in manner before directed; and the Informer or Informers shall in such Cases be entitled to receive from the Receiver General One Moiety of the Amount of such Penalties, in Shares, where Two or more of them are concerned, as the said Barons shall on the Report of the Commissioners for executing this Act certify they are respectively entitled unto; and the said Decree and Adjudication of the Commissioners, Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, without Power of appealing from the same; and the said Decree shall not be subject to Reduction, nor removeable by Advocation, Suspension, or any Process whatever, in any Court of Law or Equity, or be subject to Revision or Appeal, except in such Cases where a Surcharge shall be made, and a Case shall be demanded and stated for the Opinion of One of the Lords of the Court of Session, or of One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, conformably to the Directions contained in any Act

or Acts granting the Duties to which such Surcharge shall relate.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall wilfully give false Evidence, or make any false Oath or Affirmation or Affidavit, before the Commissioners for executing this, or others by this Act empowered to administer the same, or any of them, touching any Matter or Thing within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or any Act or Acts for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be prosecuted for the same; and such Person or Persons being convicted thereof shall be subject and liable to the same Punishment and Disqualifications as Persons are subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury.

[See 55 G. 3. c. 161. § 4.] c

LVII. And Whereas many Difficulties and Inconveniencies have arisen to the Commissioners for the time being, acting in the < Execution of the several Acts relating to the Duties herein mentioned, to be levied by them as aforesaid, and many like Difficulties may arise to the Commissioners for the time being acting ‘ in the Execution of this Act, or the other Act or Acts for ‘ granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this ‘ Act, in levying the Duties by the said Acts made payable upon the Death or Removal of their respective Clerks, into whose Custody ‘ the Duplicates of the several Books of Assessment, Minute Books, (and other Books and Papers relating to the Business of the said ‘ several Duties in their respective Jurisdictions, have been delivered, such Clerks so removed, or the Executors or Administrators

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 150. 323

or legal Representative of such Clerk so dying, frequently ‘ refusing to deliver over such Duplicates, Books and Papers, to the said Commissioners for the time being, or to their Order or Appointment, under a Pretence that the said Commissioners have no ‘ Property in the same, and are without Remedy for the Recovery ‘ thereof Be it therefore enacted, That all and every the Duplicates of the several Books of Assessments which have been or shall be made and delivered by the respective Assessors of the said several Duties, to the Commissioners in any Shire, Stewartry, City or Borough, or to their respective Clerks for the time being, and which are or shall be in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of such Clerks respectively, and all Minute Books and other Books and Papers relating to the said several Duties, in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of any such Clerk or Clerks who hath or have been or shall be removed from such Office or Offices, in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of the Executors, Administrators, or other legal Representatives of any Person or Persons who hath or have died, or shall die during his or their holding such Office or Offices, or after his or their Removal from the same, or in the Custody, Keeping or Possession of his or their Agent or Attorney, or of any other Person or Persons, shall be deemed and are hereby declared to be the Property of the Commissioners of the said several Duties, acting in the respective Shires, Stewartries, Cities or Boroughs for the time being, and in Succession, as Records belonging to them the said Commissioners for their Use and Inspection, and shall be placed and deposited with and remain in the Custody, Keeping and Possession of them the said Commissioners, or their respective Clerks for the time being, or such other Person as the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them for the time being, shall from time to time at their Meetings order, direct or appoint.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons whatever, now or at any time hereafter, having in his or their Custody, Keeping or Possession, any such Books or Papers aforesaid, relating to the said several Duties in this Act mentioned, shall, within the Space of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing, signed by the Comptroller or Surveyor General of Taxes in Scotland, or One of them (a true Copy thereof being given or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persians) , deliver and give up all such Books and Papers unto such Person or Persons as the Comptroller or Surveyor General, or One of them, shall by such Notice order and appoint, whose Receipt of the same shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Person or Persons so delivering such Books and Papers; and if any such Person or Persons now or at any time hereafter, having in his or their Custody, Keeping or Possession, aity such Books or Papers, shall refuse or neglect to deliver the same within the Time limited by such Notice and Demand made, he or they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, and all such Books or Papers shall be delivered by the Person or Persons so appointed, to such of the Commissioners for executing this Act, as the said Comptroller or Surveyor General, or any One of them, shall think proper, for the effectual and speedy Execution of the Powers by this Act granted.

Persons not delivering up Books and Papers to the Commissioners,

Penalty 501.

324

C. 150.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Limitation of Actions, &c.

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

Act may be altered, &c. in this Session.

LIX. And be it farther enacted, That if any Action shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and not elsewhere, and shall be commenced within Six Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County, Stewartry, City or Place, where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Defendant or Defendants shall be assoilzied in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cases to recover Costs by the Laws of Scotland.

LX. And be it further enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed, by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Schedule (A.)

The Form of the Oath required to be taken by Commissioners, before they act in the Execution of this Act.

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially and honestly, 9 according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute the several Powers and Authorities reposed in me as a Commissioner, by an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this Act] or by any other Act or Acts granting to His Majesty any Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of the said Act, and that I will judge and determine upon all Appeals, and all other Matters and Things which shall be brought before me as a Commissioner under the said Acts, or any of them, without Favour or Affection.

So help me GOD.

Schedule (B).

The Form of the Oath or Affirmation required to be taken by Assessors, before they act in the Execution of this Act.

I A.B. do swear, [or, affirm, That I

5 will diligently execute the Office of an Assessor, to which I am appointed by Authority of an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [insert the Title of this Act]and that in the Assessment which I am required to make by any other Act or Acts, granting to His Majesty any Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of the said Act, I will act faithfully and honestly, and without Favour or Affection, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge.

So help me GOD.

[See43 G. 3. c. 161. § 7. Amended by 45 3. c. 95. — 52 3.

c. 95. Duties of 45 G. 3. c. 13. by see

§ 3. of that Act.]

A.D. 1803.

43° GEO. III. C. 151.

325

CAP. CLI.

An Act for preventing and settling Disputes which may arise between Masters and Weavers engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in Scotland, and Persons employed by such Weavers; and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle.

[11th August 1803.]

WHEREAS it is desirable that a proper Mode should be devised which may tend to prevent, and that a cheap and summary Mode should be adopted for settling, all Disputes which may arise between Masters and Weavers in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, or between such Weavers and Persons employed by them, or between Masters and Persons engaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods by the Needle May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, in all Cases relative to the weaving of the said Manufacture that shall and may arise within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, where the Masters and Weavers, or the Weavers and those employed by them cannot agree respecting the Price or Prices to be paid for Work done or in the Course of being done in the said Manufacture, whether such Dispute shall happen or arise between them respecting the Reduction or Advance of Wages, or any Injury or Damage done or alleged to have been done to the Work, or respecting any Delay or supposed Delay in finishing the Work, or the not finishing such Work in a good and workmanlike Manner; and also in all Cases where the Weavers are to be employed to work any new Pattern which shall require them to purchase any new Implements of Manufacture, or to make any Alteration upon the old Implements for the Working thereof, and the Masters and Weavers cannot agree upon the Compensation to be made to such Weavers for or in respect thereof; and also respecting the Length, Breadth or Quality of all Pieces of Cotton Goods whether mixed or unmixed with other Materials, or the Yarn thereof, or the Quantity and Quality of the Woof thereof, and in all Cases of Dispute or Difference whatsoever, arising or happening by and between the Masters and Weavers or Persons employed in such Branch of the said Manufacture out of, for or touching such Trade or Manufacture, so far as such Disputes relate to such Branch of the same, which cannot be otherwise mutually adjusted and settled by and between them, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place in which the Dispute shall arise, and he is hereby required, on Complaint made before him, and Proof by the Examination of the Party making such Complaint, that Application has been made to the Person or Persons against whom such Cause of Complaint, has arisen, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, if such Dispute has arisen with such Agent or Agents, to settle such Dispute, and that the same has not been sqttled upon

Disputes between Masters and Weavers to be settled by Referees appointed by a Justice of Peace.

326

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

C. 151.

Limitation of Complaint.

Notice of Attendance.

Who may be Referees.

Challenge of Referee.

Notice of Nomination and Meeting.

such Complaint being made, or where the Dispute relates to a bad Warp* that such Cause of Complaint has not been done away within Forty eight Hours after such Application, to summon before him such Person or Persons, or Agent or Agents, on some Day not exceeding Two Days, exclusive of,

from the making such Complaint, giving Notice to the Person making such Complaint of the Time and Place appointed in such Summons for the Attendance of such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, as aforesaid; and if at such Time and Place the Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear by himself, or send some Person on his, her or their Behalf, to settle such Dispute, or appearing shall not do away such Cause of Complaint* then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, at the Request of either of the said Parties, to nominate Referees for the settling the Matters in Dispute, and such Justice shall then and there at such Meeting propose One Referee on the Part and Behalf of the Master or Agent aforesaid, who shall be a Master Manufacturer, or Agent or Foreman of some Master Manufacturer; and where such Master Manufacturer, Agent or Foreman cannot be found, it shall be lawful for such Justice to propose some Workman having a competent Knowledge of the Manufacture on the Part of the said Master or Agent; and the said Justice shall then and there propose another Referee on the Part and Behalf of the Workman, who shall be some Workman having a competent Knowledge of that Branch of the Manufacture with regard to which such Dispute shall have arisen (such respective Referees residing in or near to the Place where the Meeting for such Reference shall be to be held); and it shall be lawful for any such Manufacturer, Agent or Foreman, or such Workman, or any Person attending for them respectively, peremptorily, and without assigning any Reason, to challenge any Referee so proposed; and the Justice shall in such Case immediately propose another Person of the like Description as aforesaid, who may also be peremptorily challenged, and if so challenged, the Justice shall in such Case propose another such Person of the like Description as aforesaid, who may also be peremptorily challenged, so as that each Party may have Two peremptory Challenges without assigning any Cause; but if the Persons so proposed as Referees shall not be so challenged, or if either of such Parties shall not attend at any such Meeting to make any such Challenge, the Persons so proposed, or in the Event of all the Challenges hereby allowed being made, the Persons thereupon proposed by the said Justice shall be nominated Referees to settle such Dispute, and the said Justice shall thereupon appoint a Place of Meeting according to the Directions of this Act, and also a Day for the Meeting, Notice of which Nomination, and of the Time of Meeting, shall thereupon be given to the Persons so nominated Referees, and to any Party to any such Dispute who may not have attended the Meeting before such Justice as aforesaid, which Appointment shall be by such Justice certified in the Form following; that is to say,

‘ y A. B, One of the Justices of Peace acting for

do hereby certify, that C.D. and E. F. are by me duly nominated

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C 151.

327

« nated Referees to settle the Matters in Difference between G. H. < of Master Manufacturer or Agent, or Foreman

4 of, (as the Case may be) , and I. K. of, Weaver,

pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and that the said Referees are hereby directed to meet at on the Day

of at of the Cic ck. A.B. ’

II. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Complaints by any Weaver as to bad Materials, shall be made within Four Weeks of his receiving the same; and all Complaints arising from any other Cause shall be made within Three Days after such Cause of Complaint shall arise; and that it shall not be allowable to any Manufacturer who shall have received into his Possession any Cotton Cloth without Objection made by himself or his Clerk or Foreman, afterwards to make any Complaint on account of Work so received.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases where Complaints are made respecting bad Warps or Utensils by Workmen, the Place of Meeting of the Referees shall be at, or as near as may be to, the Place where the Work shall be carrying on, and in all other Cases at, or as near as maybe to, the Place or Places where the Work has been given out.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person so complaining as aforesaid, shall not attend, or send some Person on his or her Behalf, at the Time and Place appointed by such Justice of the Peace for the Purpose of naming Referees as aforesaid, such Person shall not, in such case, be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and if any Person against whom any such Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, shall not attend, or send some Person on his or her Behalf, the Justice of the Peace shall nevertheless proceed to nominate Referees, and the Person making such Default shall in that Case be deprived of all Right of Challenge under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Referees shall meet at the Time and Place fixed by the Justice of the Peace by whom such Referees were appointed, and shall by Inspection of the Work in regard to which the Dispute may have arisen, by hearing and examining the Parties, or any other Persons on their Behalf or that attend to give Evidence respecting the Matters in Dispute, or by otherwise ascertaining the true State of the Case, in such manner as to such Referees shall appear necessary, proceed to determine the Matter or Matters in Dispute referred to them; and the Award to be made by such Referees shall be final and conclusive between the Parties, without being subject to Review or Challenge by any Court whatsoever; but in case such Referees so appointed cannot agree upon and decide such Matter or Matters in Dispute so referred as aforesaid, or shall not make and sign their Award within Three Days after the Date of the Order of such Justice, certifying their Appointment, and then the said Referees shall without Delay go before the Justice by whom they were appointed, and in case of his Absence or Indisposition, before any other of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place, and residing nearest to the Place where the

Periods within which Complaint shall be made.

Places of Meeting of Referees.

Complainant not attending to lose Benefit of Act.

Right of Challenge how lost.

Referees to determine within Three Days, or refer to a Justice, who shall determine within Two Days.

328

C. 151.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Determination of Justice final.

Justice may determine upon Statement of One Referee.

Justice, on Refusal of Referees to aet, may name others.

Where a Second Referee doe3 not attend, the other Party’s Referee may determine.

Witnesses not attending.

[Penalty.]

Arbitration may proceed in Ab-a sence of Parties.

Meeting to settle such Dispute shall have taken place, and shall state to such Justice or Justices, who may be present, the Points in Difference between them the said Referees, which Points in Difference the said Justice or Justices shall and is and are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine upon the Statement of the Referees, and the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby directed and required to settle and determine the Matter in Dispute with all possible Dispatch, and in all Cases within the Space of Two Days after the Expiration of the Time hereby allowed to the Referees to make and sign their Award; and the Determination of such Justice or Justices shall be final and conclusive between the Parties so differing as aforesaid, without being subject to Review by any Court whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either of the said Referees shall refuse or delay to go before the said Justice or Justices, such Justice or Justices are hereby empowered and required to determine the Matter in Dispute upon the Statement and Representation of the Referee who shall come before him or them.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case either or both of the said Referees so appointed shall refuse or delay to accept such Reference, or accepting shall not act therein, the Justice shall proceed to name another Person or other Persons of the Descriptions aforesaid, to be Referee or Referees in the Place of such Referee or Referees so refusing or delaying to accept, or who shall not act; and the Party or Parties shall have the same Power of Challenge in the Case of a Second Nomination, as is given by this Act in the Case of a First Nomination, provided always that such Party has not already exercised the same; and in every Case of a Second Nomination, the Referees shall meet within Twenty four Hours after the Application for the same, and at the same Place at which the Meeting of the Referees first named was appointed; and the Expence of every such Application for the Appointment of a Second Referee, shall be borne and defrayed by the Party through whose Default or the Default of whose Referee such Application is rendered necessary.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where a Second Referee shall be appointed as aforesaid, and such Second Referee shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for settling the Matters in Dispute, it shall be lawful for the other Referee, at such Time and Place, to proceed by himself to the hearing and determining of the said Matters in Dispute; and in such Case the Award of such sole Referee shall be final and conclusive as to all Matters in Dispute submitted to such Referees, without being subject to Review, Appeal or Suspension.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons summoned as Witnesses on any Question mider this Act, by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall be liable and subject to such Punishment or Penalties for any Neglect, Default or Refusal to attend, as may be inflicted or levied by any Law in Force in Scotland for such Offence, Neglect or Default.

X. And be it further enacted, That if either of the said Parties shall neglect or refuse to attend the said Referees or Referee, they

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 151. 329

or he may notwithstanding proceed to make their or his Award in the same manner as if such Party had attended.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Parties by and between whom the said Reference shall take place as aforesaid shall think it expedient or be desirous to extend the Time hereby limited, for the making of the Award or Umpirage, it shall and may be lawful for them to extend the same accordingly by Indorsement (according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed) on the Back of the Order of the Justice of Peace, certifying the Appointment of the Referees, to be signed by both of them in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Award or Umpirage to be made upon any Reference demanded under this Act, shall and may be drawn up and written at the Foot or upon the Back of the said Order, certifying the Appointment of the Referees according to the Form in the Schedule hereunto annexed, any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Fulfilment of the Award or Umpirage the same shall be acknowledged by the Party in whose Behalf the same was made, by an Acknowledgement at the Foot of the said Award in the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed, which with the Award shall thereupon be delivered to the Party fulfilling the same; and if either Party shall refuse or delay to fulfil the said Award or Umpirage for the Space or Term of Two Days after the same shall have been reduced into Writing, the Party so refusing or delaying shall forfeit and pay to the Party in whose Favour the said Award or Umpirage shall be made, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in a summary Way before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place where such Offence shall be committed, and the Conviction for the same, according to the Form of the Schedule hereunto annexed, may be had and made upon the Production of the Award or Umpirage undischarged; and in case any such Forfeiture or Penalty shall not be forthwith paid pursuant to such Conviction, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Effects, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress or Sale; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice or Justices shall, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hands, commit the Offender to the Common Gaol or some House of Correction within his or their Jurisdiction, there to remain without Bail for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, nor less than Two Calendar Months.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Work shall have been delivered to any Workman by the Agent or Servant of any Master or Masters, to be when finished delivered to such Agent or Servant, and also where Two or more Persons shall carry on the Business of such Manufacture as Partners, in every such Case respectively the like Proceedings directed by this Act shall and may be had against such Agent, Servant or any Partner, and shall be as effectual as if the same had been had and made against the Principal or against all the Partners, and all the

Parties may extend the Period limited for Award.

Award to be written on the Justice’s Order.

Acknowledgment of fulfilling an Award.

Not fulfilling Award.

Penalty 101.

Distress.

Imprisonment.

Agents, Servants, and Partners, liable as Principals, &c.

330 C. 151. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Proceedings in Cases of Bankruptcy of Master.

For settling Complaints by married Women or Infants.

Costs to be ascertained by Referees or Justice.

said Persons respectively shall obey the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders as shall be made by the said Justice or Justices in or respecting the Matters in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the said Order, as if the Proceedings had been had against the Principal or all the Partners.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Proceeding may be had against any Master or Masters under this Act, or where such Proceedings shall have been commenced, and the Master or Masters shall become or be Bankrupt, or any Assignment of his or their Estate or Effects shall have been made under the said Bankruptcy, or otherwise by Deed or in Law, the Factor or Trustee upon, or the Assignee or Assignees of such Estate or Effects shall be liable to the Proceedings authorized by this Act against the Master or Masters, as fully as the Master or Masters was or were before the Bankruptcy or Assignment; and such Proceedings may be commenced or carried on against such Factor or Trustee, or Assignee or Assignees, who shall fulfil and abide by the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders as shall be made by the said Justice or Justices in or respecting the Matters in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the same, as if the Proceeding had been had against the Master or Masters before his or their Bankruptcy or the Assignment of his or their Estate or Effects:Provided that all Sums of Money to be paid in pursuance of such Award or Orders shall be recoverable only out of the Estate or Effects of such Master or Masters, and not out of the proper Money of such Factor or Trustee, or Assignee or Assignees.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any married Woman or Infant under the Age of Twenty one Years shall have Cause of Complaint in any of the Cases provided for by this Act against any Master or Masters, his or their Agent, or Servant, or Factor, or Trustee, or Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, such Complaint may be lodged and all further Proceedings thereupon had by and in the Name of the Husband of such married Woman, and of the Father, or, if dead, of the Mother, or if on the Death of both Parents, of any of the Kindred of any such Infant, and of the Surety or Sureties in any Indenture of Apprenticeship of any such Infant being an Apprentice, and such Proceedings shall be as effectual and as valid and binding as if such married Woman was sole, and such Infants were of full Age, and pursued by themselves the Remedies prescribed by this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Time and Expen ces attending the Applications to Justices to be made under this Act, and of the Reference pursuant thereon, shall be settled by the Referees or Referee by whom such Dispute shall be settled; and where the same shall be determined by any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon the Statement of the Referees or Referee in Manner herein directed, then the Costs, Time and Expences aforesaid shall be settled by such Justice or Justices; and where the Referees appointed as aforesaid cannot agree as to the Costs, Time and Expences to be allowed, the same shall be settled by the Justice of the Peace by whom the said Referees or Referee

331

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 151.

were or was named, or in his Absence by any other Justice or Justices of the Peace for the same County or Stewartry.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the following and no Fees on Prohigher Fees shall be allowed to be taken for any Proceeding under ceedings. this Act:

To the Clerk of the Justice or Justices,

For each Summons, Four Pence;

For every Oath or Affirmation, Four Pence;

For drawing and entering the Order, Six Pence;

For every Warrant, Six Pence;

For every Conviction, One Shilling;

To the Constable or other Peace Officer,

For Service of Summons or Order, Four Pence;

For executing Warrant of Distress and Sale of Goods, One Shilling and Six Pence;

For Custody of Goods distrained, p Diem, Four Pence;

For every Mile he shall travel, Four Pence;

and a Table of Fees signed by the Clerk to such Justice or Justices shall be hung up in every Place where any General, Quarter or other Sessions of the Peace shall be held.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases the Length Standard Ell of the Web for which the Workman is to be paid shall be ascer- the Rule, tained by the Standard Ell of Forty five Inches.

XX. And be it further enacted, That with every Warp given out Tickets of Par-by the Manufacturer to a Workman to be wove, there shall be de- ticulars to be livered a Ticket, denoting the Work to be done adapted to each given out with Branch of the Manufacture, stating the Quantity and Fineness of Work.

the Warp in plain Warps, whether white or coloured, and in all.

Cases the Quantity and Denomination of the Work to be performed, and the Rate and Price to be paid for the same, according to the Standard Ell, if done in a workmanlike Manner, which Ticket shall be signed by the Manufacturer or the Person employed by him to give out Work; and which Ticket, in the Event of Disputes between the Master and Weaver, shall be Evidence of all Matters and Things mentioned therein, or respecting the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Master, Foreman Refusing or Agent refusing or neglecting to give a Ticket in the Manner Ticket, hereby prescribed, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding

Ten Shillings, nor less than Five Shillings, for each Failure or Ne- Penalty, gleet, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties may be recovered and applied by this Act: Provided always, that no Ap- No Appeal, peal shall be competent against any Conviction for any such Penalty.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases

respecting mounting or getting up new Patterns, the Sum, if any, New Patterns that shall be agreed between the Master and Workman to be paid, *

or the Manner in which the Workman is to be compensated for lc e’mounting, shall be distinguished in every such Ticket from the

Price to be paid for working.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in all Cases Disputes re-of Dispute that may arise between Weavers and Persons employed specting orna-by them, or which may arise between Masters and Persons en- Goods wkhUie gaged in ornamenting Cotton Goods with the Needle, it shall and Nee(ye? m be

may

332

C. 151.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

referred in like Manner,

Award, &c. may be on unstamped Paper.

Appeal to Quarter Sessions.

Sureties.

Final.

Limitation of Actions.

Act may be given in Evidence.

may be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, acting in and for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place, where such Dispute shall happen, and he is hereby required, upon Complaint being made to him in the Manner directed by this Act, to appoint Two Persons, being either Manufacturers, or the Foremen or Agents of Manufacturers, or other Persons who have a competent Knowledge of that Branch of the Manufacture about which such Dispute may have arisen, which Persons so appointed shall examine into and inspect the Work or Materials in regard to which such Dispute shall have arisen, and shall otherwise proceed to determine the said Matter or Matters in Dispute, in the Manner directed by this Act; and all the Proceedings, Rules, Directions, Matters and Things shall take place, and be followed and observed in and for the Settlement of such Disputes, as by this Act are provided in these Cases of Dispute where Referees are directed to be appointed by this Act.

XXIV. Provided always and be it enacted, That every Award or Umpirage, Ticket, Matter or Thing under and by virtue of this Act, shall and may be drawn up and written upon unstamped Paper, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of any Offence against this Act, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions or adjourned Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be holden for the County, Stewartry, City, Burgh or Place, wherein such Conviction shall be made, such Person so appealing giving immediate Notice of such Appeal, and finding sufficient Sureties in the Sum of Five Pounds each, and entering into his or her own Recognizance before such Justice or Justices before whom he shall be so convicted as aforesaid, in the Sum of Ten Pounds, to appear and prosecute every Appeal with Effect; and the Justices of the Peace at such General Quarter or Adjourned Sessions of the Peace are hereby authorized and required, on every such Appeal being made, and on reasonable Notice thereof given to the other Party, finally to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs therein, as they in their Discretion shall see meet; and which said Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties; and no Bill of Advocation or Suspension shall be competent against any such Proceedings or Determination.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Complaint shall be brought against any Referee, Justice of the Peace, Constable or other Officer, or against any other Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Matter or Thing whatsoever done or committed under or by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, unless such Action or Complaint shall be brought within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Matter or Thing.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done under or by virtue, or in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons denying the

Libel,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 151.

333

Libel, or objecting to the Relevancy, may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Action shall be dismissed for Want of Prosecution, or the Defender or Defenders shall be assoilzied, such Defender or Defenders shall recover his, her or their full Costs, for which he, she or they shall have like Remedy as in Cases where Costs by Law are given to Defenders.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Justice of the Peace, being also a Master Cotton Weaver, shall act as such Justice under this Act, any Thing herein contained, or any former Statute, Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Proceeding under this Act shall be set aside or quashed for Want of Form.

XXX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to repeal, abridge, annul or make void any of the Clauses, Provisions, Remedies or Powers contained in the several Acts made and passed in the First Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne, and in the Thirteenth and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (a) or in any or either of them, or in any other Act or Acts relating to the Powers of Justices of the Peace, unless in so far as altered by this Act, or to the said Trade, heretofore made and passed, so far as the same enact, provide or inflict any Pains, Penalties and Punishments upon or against such Workmen, and so far as the same enact, provide or afford any Remedy or Remedies to the Masters against the Workmen engaged in the said Trade or Manufacture (save and except where Referees have been appointed in the Manner directed by this Act) , any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

(iPublic Act. § 31.

(a) [1 Ann. st. 2. c. 18. — 13 G. 2. c. 8. — 22 G. 2. 27. — 17 G. 3. c. 56*3

FORM of the AWARD to be 'writtenat the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Justices of Peace certifying the Reference.

WM-*’ and L. M.(name and describe the ) the Re-

ferees appointed to settle the Matters in Dispute between the Parties within named, (I. K. one of the Referees so appointed, or L.M. the other Referee appointed, having failed to attend, or I, O.

the Justice, as the Case may be) do hereby adjudge and determine, that [hereset forth the Determination; to which Referees or

Rferee or Justice, as the Case may be, shall subscribe their Names.)

FORM of INDORSEMENT extending the Time limitedfor making the Award.

fX/’E, A.B. and C.D. Parties to the within Reference, do hereby agree to extend the same to the

Day of inclusive. Witness our Hands this

Day

A.B.

Witness

C.D.

No Master shall act as a Justice.

Proceedings not quashed for Want of Form.

No Repeal of former Acts beyond a certain Extent.

334

C. 151 — 153. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

FORM of ACKNOWLEDGMENT of Fulfilment of the AWARD

to be written at the Foot thereof T A.B.do hereby acknowledge that the above Award has been 9fulfilled by C. D., who is hereby discharged of the same. Witness my Hand this Day of

Witness A.B.

FORM of CONVICTION for refusing or delaying to fulfil the

AWARD.

JgE it remembered, that on the Day of in the

Year of His Majesty's Reign, and in the Year of our Lord A. is convicted before

me (or name the Justices of the Peace for the, /,

City, Burgh or Place of ) that the said

A.B. has refused or delayed to submit to the Award within the Time limited, contrary to the Statute made in the

Year of His present Majesty, intituled Act (here set forth the Title of the Act) and I (or we) the said Justice (or Justices) do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence to forfeit and lose the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great, and do order the

same to be forthwith paid by him, (her or them, as the Case may be.)

CAP. CLII.

An Act to amend so much of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, intituled An Act for the

Subjects from trading to the East Indies under Foreign -missions, and for encouraging and further securing the laxful Trade thereto, and for further regulating the Pilots of Dover,

Deal, and the Isle of Thanet; as relates to the said Pilots.

[11th August 1803.] [Repealed, 48 G. 3. c. 104. — See 52 G. 3. c. 39. § 1.]

CAP. CLIII.

An Act to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Importation into Great Britain and Ireland, in neutral Vessels, from States in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize; and to empower His Majesty, by Order in Council, to prohibit the Exportation of Copper; and to permit the Importation, in neutral Vessels, from States not in Amity with His Majesty, of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize.

[12th August 1803.] 12C. 2. c. 18. (WHEREAS by an Act passed in in the Twelfth

W Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and <gation, and by several other Acts now in Force in the United Kingdom, and in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, the < Importation of the several Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in

this

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 153.

335

this Act enumerated, is prohibited, unless the same shall be imported in the Manner and according to the Regulations prescribed by the said Acts: And Whereas it is expedient to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, the Importation into the United Kingdom of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Manner and under the Regulations in this Act prescribed Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring into the United Kingdom, from any Port or Place in Amity with His Majesty, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, or-ganzined Thrown Silk, of the Growth or Production of Italy; any Thing contained in an Act made in England in the Second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An Act for discouraging the Importation Silk, or in any other Act or Acts in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That this Act, or any Thing herein con- Act not to tained, shall not extend to give Liberty to import any Italian extend to cer-Thrown Silk, that shall be coarser than a Sort thereof known and tajn Thrown distinguished by the Name of Third Bolonia, nor any Sorts of Silks Sllks‘ commonly called Tram, of the Growth of Italy, nor any other Thrown Silk of the Growth or Production of Turkey, Persia, East India or China, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silks as shall be brought over and imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited may be recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively.

III. And for the better and more effectual Execution of this Act, and to prevent the Importation of any Sort of Thrown Silks not organzined; ’ Be it further enacted and declared, That all Thrown Silks such organzined Thrown Silk as is allowed to be imported by this landed in any Act, if landed in any Part of Great Britain, shall be brought to Pa.rt Great His Majesty's Custom House at London, to the Intent that no Britain to other Sort of Thrown Silk may be imported than that allowed by Custom House this Act, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such Thrown Silk as in London, shall be imported contrary to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of this Act; One Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who shall seize, inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in such Manner and Form as Goods forfeited maybe recovered by any Law relating to His Majesty's Revenue of Customs in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, any Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Flax or Flax

of Seed may be

ganzined Thrown Silk may be imported in any Vessel from Places in Amity.

2 W. & M. sess.l. c. 9.

336

C. 153.

43° GEO. III.

imported in any Vessel of any Country in Amity, as in Ships of the Country where" grown.

Turkey Company may import Goods hereto fore imported from Turkey, &c. either in British or friendly Vessels from any Place, on Payment of certain Duties, &e.

No Entry to pass at any Custom House for such Goods without Certificate that the Importer is free of the Company.

A.D. 1803.

of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the United Kingdom any Sort of Flax or Flax Seed, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon the same Terms and Conditions, and subject to the same Duties, Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, in any respect, as such Flax and Flax Seed would by any Law in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable to, if the same had been imported in Foreign Ships or Vessels of the Built of the Country or Place of which such Flax or Flax Seed was the Growth, Production or Manufacture; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Chaiies the Second, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons admitted into and made free of the Company of Merchants of England trading into the Levant Seas, commonly called or known by the Name of the Turkey Company, to import into the United Kingdom any Goods or Commodities, which have heretofore usually been imported, from Turkey or Egypt, or from any Place within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior within the Levant Seas, in any Ship or Vessel built in or belonging to Great Britain or, navigated according to Law, or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, navigated by Foreign Seamen, from any Port or Place whatsoever, upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported in British or Irish built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject and liable to if imported in British or Irish built Ships directly from the Place of their Growth, Production or Manufacture; but if such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to if this Act had not been made; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Entry shall be suffered to pass at any Custom House in the United Kingdom, for any such Goods of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Turkey or Egypt, or of any of the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, as before the passing of this Act might be imported only from such Ports or Places in the Streights or Levant Seas as are within the Dominions of the Grand Seignior, or for any Drugs which would have been liable to the Payment of higher Duties, when not imported directly from the Place of their Growth or Production, and which, by the Authority of this Act, are permitted

to

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 153.

337

to be imported in manner aforesaid, until the Person importing or entering the same shall produce to the Collector, or other proper Officer of His Majesty's Customs in Great and to the

proper Officer of the Revenue in Irelandat the Port of Importa* tion, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of the Duties for the said Turkey Company, certifying that such Person is free of the said Company, and that he has paid the Duties imposed on such Goods by the said Company, and has conformed in all respects to the Rules and Regulations of the said Company relative thereto.

VII. Provided always, That all Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Such Goods of the Produce of Countries within the Levant Seas, imported subject to Du-into Great Britain, under the Authority of this Act, shall be *les to Levant subject and liable to the Duties payable to the Levant Company, oraPany‘

in like manner as if such Goods, Wares and Merchandize had been imported into Great Britain directly from.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Goods hereto-of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until fore imported Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, from Ports of any Goods or Commodities which have been heretofore usually Eur°Pe> imported from any Port or Place in Europe within the Streights of Q^ralter &c° Gibraltar (except such Goods or Commodities as might heretofore (except from be imported only from such Ports or Places as are within the Do- Dominions of minions of the Grand Seignior) , shall and may, during the Con- GrandSeignion tinuance of this Act, be imported and brought by any Person or 1D"Port-Persons whatsoever into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and piace m>tmthin Ireland, from any Port or Place whatsoever not being within the those Domi-Dominions of the Grand Seignior, in any Ship or Vessel built in or nione, in British belonging to Great Britain or Ireland, navigated according to Law; or friendly Ves-or in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in se!s> cer" Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, navigated with 43111 utie3‘ Foreign Seamen, upon Payment of the same Duties, if imported

in British or Irish built Ships, as the like Goods would be subject *

and liable to if imported directly from the Place of their Growth,

Production or Manufacture, except Drugs, which, if imported by any Person or Persons not free of the Turkey Company, shall be subject to the like Duties as they would have been liable to if not imported directly from the Place of their Growth and Production, if this Act had not been made; and if any such Goods shall be imported in any Foreign built Ship or Vessel, then and in such Case the Goods so imported shall be subject to the Duties which such Goods would have been subject and liable to by Law if this Act had not been made; any Thing in the said last mentioned Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

[Repealed, 5*2 G. 3. c. 119. §1.; but see References in Note at the End of this Act*']

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Warehoused to take any Goods, Wares and Merchandize out of any Warehouse Goods may be in which the same shall have been lodged or deposited, under any teken ou5 undr Order of His Majesty in Council, or of the Lord Lieutenant, or ^sAc^0118 of other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, upon Payment of the like Duties, and subject to the same

Rules and Regulations, as such Goods, Wares and Merchandize 43 Geo. III. Z would

338

C. 153.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Pitch, Timber, &c. may be imported from Germany in British Vessels.

13 & 14 Car. 2. c.ll.

His Majesty, &c. may prohibit the Exportation of Copper for Naval Stores to Ports in Europe.

Salt may be imported from Portugal in friendly Vessels, as in Portuguese Vessels.

Wool may be imported into Great Britain, and Barilla, &c. into Ireland, from any Place, in friendly Vessels.

pi- (ft-

would have been liable unto if they had been imported by virtue of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful to import into the United Kingdom, in British or Irish built Ships, owned and navigated according to Law, from any of the Ports of Germ, Pitch and Tar, as well as Deal Boards, Fir and Timber, subject to such Duties, Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as such Goods would b}' any Law in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, have been subject and liable to, if the same had been legally imported before the passing of this Act; any Thing in an Act passed in England in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for preventing Frauds, and regidatingAbuses His Customs,

or in any other Act or Acts in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. And Whereas the public Safety may require temporary Restraints upon the Exportation of Copper Be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty from time to time, by Proclamation or Order in Council, and in Ireland for the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, by Proclamation or Order in Council, whenever it shall seem expedient, to prohibit the Exportation of all Copper capable of being converted into a Naval Store, from any Port or Place within the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, to any Port or Place within the Limits of Europe.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and.during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to import or bring into the United Kingdom from Portugal any Salt, the Produce or Manufacture of Portugal, in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, that shall belong to the Subject or Subjects of any State in Amity with His Majesty, and such Salt shall be imported upon Payment of the like Duties, and shall be subject to the like Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as Salt imported in Ships of the Built or belonging to any of the Subjects of the Kingdom of Portugal; any Thing in the before mentioned Act, or in any other Act or Acts in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, and during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, it shall be lawful for any Person to import into any Port or Place into Great Britain, all Sorts of Wool, and to import into that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, all Sorts of Barilla, Jesuits Bark, Linen Yarn, Plemp, Indigo, Cochineal, Wool

and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 1

339

and Cotton Wool, from any Country or Place whatsoever, in any Ship or Vessel belonging to any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, navigated by foreign Seamen; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all such Goods Goods imported as shall, in pursuance of this Act, be imported into the United m foreign Ves-Kingdom in any Foreign Ship or Vessel, shall be subject and liable AUen3Duties to the Aliens, and all other Duties, in the same Manner as they could be liable to by Law if such Ships were of the Built of the Country of which the Goods are of the Growth, Product or Manufacture.

XV. And Whereas, since the present Hostilities have com *

menced, Orders of Council have been made for granting Li-£ cences, and Licences have accordingly been granted, to permit ‘ the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize, being f British or neutral Property, contrary to the Laws now in Force,

‘ which Importations were necessary during the Time of Hosti-

lities, and ought to be justified by Law; And Whereas it is ‘ expedient that His Majesty, by Order in Council, and, in

i land, that the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Go-

‘ vernors, and the Privy Council of Ireland, should be authorised £ to permit, during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six ‘ Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the ‘ Importation, in any neutral Ships whatsoever, of any Goods,

‘ Wares or Merchandize, from any Port or Place belonging to any

‘ Kingdom or State not in Amity with His Majesty Be it there- Importation of

fore further enacted, That every Importation of Goods, Wares apd Goodsfromhos-

Merchandize, made by virtue of any such Order and Licence so ^"virtu

heretofore made and granted as aforesaid, shall be deemed and Order fn

taken to be good in Law; any Thing in the said recited Act of Council, valid.

the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or any

other Act made for the Amendment or Explanation thereof, or in

any other Act or Acts now in Force in the United Kingdom, or in

Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wise

notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Goods specified

ful for His Majesty, by Order in Council, and, in, for the in any Order in

Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and the Council may. Privy Council of Ireland, by Order in Council, from time to time,

when and as often as the same shall be judged expedient, to per- imp’orte(j from mit during the Continuance of Hostilities, and until Six Months hostile Coun-after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, any such tries in friendly Goods, Wares or Merchandize as shall be specified in any such Vessels.

Order in Council, to be imported from any Port or Place belonging to any Kingdom or State not in Amity with His Majesty, in Ships belonging to the Subjects of any Kingdom or State in Amity with His Majesty; any Law now in Force in the United Kingdom, or in Great Britain or Ireland respectively, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all such Goods, Wares Such Goods and Merchandize, when so imported as aforesaid, shall be liable to subject to exist-all Duties of Customs and Excise, and shall be subject to all ^Ru*les and Rules, Regulations and Conditions, and to all Penalties and For- eSuaions<

Z 2 feitures

340

C. 153 — 156.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

EXP.

Claim of His Majesty and others to Pris-age and Butlerage.

feitures for the Breach thereof, to which they would have been liable and subject if they had been imported into Great Britain or Ireland, according to any Law or Laws in Force at the Time

of the passing of this Act.

\_In part repealed, 52 G. 3. c. 119. See 54 G. 3. c. 81. § 19. 55 G. 3. c. 117. Continued, 56 G. 3. c. 8. § 1. Powers of this Act extended to 59 G. 3. c. 110.

CAP. CLIV.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain countervailing Duties on the Importation into Great Britain of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Ireland: and for allowing additional Drawbacks or Bounties on the Exportation to Ireland of refined Sugar of the Manufacture of Great

tain, during the Continuance of certain Acts; and for allowing, until the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, a Bounty on the Importation of Salmon and Cod Fish from the Island of Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador into Great Britain and Ireland.

[12th August 1803.]

[Continued, 55 G. 3. c. 32. § 3. as therein mentioned, but notv

expired.]

CAP. CLV.

An Act to repeal an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for establishing Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or resident therein; and for establishing, until Three Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, Regulations respecting Aliens arriving in this Kingdom, or residing therein, in certain Cases.

[12th August 1803 ]

[Repealed, 54 G. 3. c. 155. § 1.]

CAP. CLVI.

An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to contract for the Purchase of the Duties of Prisage and Butlerage of Wines.

[12th August 1803.]

WHEREAS His Majesty in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster

‘ is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into the Port of Liverpool, and all Ports, 4 Havens, Creeks, Rivers and other Places within the County Palatine of Lancaster, and which have been granted out upon Lease for Lives now subsisting: And Whereas His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and Duke of Cornwall, in Right of the Duchy of Corriwall, is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into any of the Ports, 4 Havens, Creeks, Rivers and other Places within the County of Cornwall, and into the Port of Plymouth in the County of

which

A.D. 1803.

C. 156.

341

43° GEO. III.

1 which "have been granted out upon Lease for Lives:And

Whereas the Most Noble Henry Duke of Beaufort is or claims

to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought

into the Ports of Swansea and Chepstow in the Principality of

Wales: And Whereas the Right Honourable John Marquis of

Bute is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage

of all Wines brought into the Port of Cardiff" in the said Princi-

pality of Wales: And Whereas the Most Noble Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton is or claims to be entitled to the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into any Ports, Havens, Creeks,

4 Rivers or other Places in any Port of England, not being within the Principality of Wales or Earldom of other than except the Port of Liverpool, and other Ports, Havens, Creeks, i Rivers and Places in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and ex-

i cept the Port of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and all the

Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers and other Places in the County of Thirteen ’

Cornwall: And Whereas the Commissioners appointed to ex- Report of

amine, take and state the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom, in Commissioners

their Report made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and counts111785 *

eighty five, stated as their Opinion that it would tend to c un *

4 Uniformity in the Collection and Application of the Revenue of

4 Customs, if the Prisage Duties were, by the Consent of the

Grantees, to be revested in the Crown for the Public Service:Fourth

And Whereas the Select Committee of Finance appointed by the Report of

4 House of Commons, in their Fourth Report made in the Year Finance Com- One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, strongly recommittee>

mended that the Prisage and Butlerage Duties on Wines should be revested in the Crown, if the Consent of the Grantees could be obtained; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and Treasury em-may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury powered to treat now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Chancellor Lord High Treasurer for the time being, on the Bdhalf of His Duchy of° Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to treat, contract and agree Lancaster, &c. with the Chancellor and Council of the Duchy of on for the Purchase

the Behalf of His Majesty, and with the Lessee or Lessees of the of His Majes-said Duchy, for the absolute Purchase and Surrender of the Estate, p'jg^fand1 Right, Title and Interest of His Majesty in Right of His said ButSagTwith-Duchy, and of such Lessee or Lessees, of and in the Prisage and in the County Butlerage of Wines brought into the said Port of, and Palatine for an

all other Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers and other Places within Annuity to be the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belong- pund*-1 & ing, for such Annuity to be charged upon and to be payable out of the Consolidated Fund at such Times and in such Manner, and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions for the Redemption thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, as the Chancellor and Council of the said Duchy of Lancaster, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall agree upon.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful And may also

Z 3 for treat with the

342

C. 156.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

for the Purchase of his Right as Duke of Cornwall, in the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any Ports with in the County of Cornwall j

and likewise with the Persons herein mentioned, for the Purchase of their Right in the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any Port of England or Wales, except the Places before mentioned.

Prince of Wales for the Commissioners of His Majesty's ’Treasury now Or for* the r +1'" P, "'~ time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, on the Behalf of His Majesty, to treat, contract and agree with the Council of His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and Duke of, on the Behalf of

His said Royal Highness, and with the Lessee or Lessees of the said Duchy of Cornwall, for the absolute Purchase of all the Estate,

Right, Title and Interest of His said Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and Duke of, and of such Lessee or

Lessees, of and in the Prisage and Butlerage of all Wines brought into any Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers and othei1 Places within the County of Cornwall, and into the Port of, in the

County of Devon, and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuity to be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund, at such Times and in such Manner, and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions for the Redemption thereof, of otherwise relating thereto, as the Council of His said Royal Highness George Prince of Wales and Duke of, and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall agree upon.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasury for the time being, on Behalf of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, to treat, contract and agree with the said Augustus Henry Duke of Grafton, Henry Duke of Beaufort and John Marquis of Bute respective ^, for the absolute Purchase or Surrender of all such respective Estates, Rights, Titles and Interests as they, the said Augustus Henry Duke of, Henry Duke of Beau-

fort and John Marquis of, or any other Persons claiming or

to claim under or by virtue of the respective Grants or Letters Patent under which they respectively hold, have or are or shall be entitled to claim, in and to the Prisage and Butlerage of Wines brought into any Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers and other Places in England, or in the Principality of , other than and except

the Port of Liverpool, and all Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers and Places within the County Palatine of Lancaster; and also except the Port of Plymouth; and all the Ports, Havens, Creeks, Rivers and Places within the County of Cornwall; and of all the Rights, Privileges, Profits and other Advantages whatsoever thereunto belonging, for such Annuities respectively, to be charged upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund at such Times and in such Manner, and upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions for the Redemption thereof, or otherwise relating thereto, as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall think fit, and as shall be agreed upon in that Behalf.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Contract which shall be entered into as aforesaid shall be carried into Effect, unless and until the same shall be sanctioned and confirmed by Parliament,

Contracts to be submitted to Parliament.

A.D. 1803.

* 3? GEO. III. C. 157. , 343

CAP. CI/VII.

An Act to rpake perpetual so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures.

[12th August 1803.]

WHEREAS the Law hereinafter mentioned has, by Ex-

perience, been found useful and beneficial, and is near

‘ expiring, and it is expedient that the same should be made per-1 petual Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an 19 G.2. c. 34. Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His late Ma- so far as relates jesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the further to Punishment Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised Defiance of the ^armed in° *

Laws of Customs or Excise, and for indemnifying Offenders against Defiance of the

those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned; and for the Relief Laws of Cus-of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon, as relates toms, &c. made

to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in perpetual. Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of

Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years from the Twenty fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and forty six, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and which by several subsequent Acts of the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His said late Majesty, and the Fourth, Eleventh, Eighteenth, Twenty sixth, Twenty eighth and Thirty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and two, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, shall be and the same is hereby made perpetual.

II. And for the better and more impartial Trial of any Indictment or Information which shall be found, commenced or prosecuted for any of the Offences made Felony by the said recited ‘ Acts, ’ Be it further enacted, That every such Offence shall and maybe enquired of, examined, tried and determined in any County in England, in such Manner and Form as if the Fact had been therein committed; provided that no Attainder for any of the Offences made Felony by the said recited Acts shall make or work any Corruption of Blood, Loss of Dower, or Forfeiture of Lands or Tenements.

[And note, the Act 19 G.2. c. 34. is also continued by 14 3.

c. 12. §3. 19 G.3. c. 69. §23.]

Offences may be tried in any County in England, &c.

Saving of Corruption of Blood.

344

C. 158.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Lord Lieutenant may order 50,000l. Irish Currency to be issued out of Irish Consolidated Fund to the Commissioners of First Fruits, to be advanced on Loan to Incumbents under

43 G.3. c. 106.

Securities for Repayment by Trustees to be taken as the Treasury, &c. shall direct.

CAP. CLVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, for building Glebe Houses in Ireland.

[12th August 1803.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

‘ 7 F, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

‘ Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and

Ireland, in Parliament assembled, having resolved to grant to ‘ Your Majesty a Sum not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds

Currency, to be advanced by the Lord Lieutenant or other

‘ Chief Governor or Governors of, to the Trustees and

‘ Commissioners of the First Fruits in, for the Purpose of

enabling the Incumbents of Benefices and Parishes more speedily

to build Glebe Houses Do most humbly beseech Your Majesty

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That by or out of such Monies as shall at any time or times be or remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of, of the Consolidated

Fund, (after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same,) there shall and may be issued, by the Order of the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of, as he or they shall think

fit, from time to time, free of Interest, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds Irish Currency, to the said Trustees and Commissioners of the First Fruits in to be

by the said Trustees and Commissioners advanced on Loan to Incumbents of Parishes or Benefices in, in such Manner, and

according to such Directions, and subject to such Provisions, as are contained in an Act of this Session of Parliament; intituled An Act to enable the Commissioners of First Fruits in Ireland to lend certain Sums of Money (Interest free) to Incumbents of Beliefces there, for the Purpose of enabling them to erect and purchase Glebe Houses and Offices convenient for their Residence, and to purchase Glebe Lands ft and convenient for the Erection of such Houses and Offices j and to make Provision for the Repayment of all Loans so to be made by the said Commissioners; and the Lord High Treasurer of Ireland, or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury in Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, is or are hereby authorized to issue the same accordingly.

II. And be it further enacted, That all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so issued shall be advanced to the said Trustees and Commissioners, upon such Securities, and shall be repayable into His Majesty's Exchequer in such Proportions, at such Times and in such Manner, as the said Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury of Ireland, or any Three or more of them for the time being, with the Approbation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland for the time being, shall direct and appoint.

[Amended, 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 23. Repealed, as to the Manner

and Conditions of issuing the said Sum, 48 G. 3. c. 65. § 6.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 159 — 161* 345

CAP. CLIX.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on William Lord AmherSt, and the Representatives of the lat Lord Amherst, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him during his Command in

[12th August 1803.]

CAP. CLX.

An Act for the Encouragement of Seamen, and for the better and more effectually manning His Majesty's Navy; for regulating the Payment of Prize Money; and for making Provision for the Salaries of the Judges of the Vice Admiralty Courts in the Island of Malta and in the Bermuda and Bahama Islands.

[12th August 1803.]

[Repealed, 45 3. 72.]

CAP. CLXI.

An Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; for granting new Duties in certain Cases therein mentioned; for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties thereon under the Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes; and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction, or on Commission.

[12th August 1803.]

[See 45 G.3. c. 13.]

46 G.3. c. 78.84. 48 G.3. c. 55.

WHEREAS the several Acts in relation to the Duties on 52 G. 3. c. 95.

‘ Houses, Windows and Lights, and to the Duties on Inha- 57 G.3. c. 128.

bited Houses, which were consolidated with the Duties granted by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled 42 G. 3. c. 34.

Act for granting to His Majesty certain additional Duties on Windows or Lights, and on Inhabited and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon and also the several Acts in relation to the Duties on Male Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs, which were consolidated with the Duties granted by another Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain 42 G. 3. c. 37.

additional Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs, and for consolidating the same with the present Duties thereon; and also certain Acts, passed in the Thirty sixth and 36 G. 3. c. 17.

4 Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty respectively, intituled, the one thereof, An Act for repealing the Duties on Licences to Persons using or exercising the Business of an Horse Dealer, and granting new Duties in lieu thereof; and the other thereof, An Act for transferring the Receipt and - 41 G.3. (U.K.)

ment of the Duties on Licences for using or exercising the Trade c. 7l.

and Business of an Horse Dealer from the Commissioners of i Stamps to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also

‘ for making further Provisions in respect to the said Duties so

transferred

34* 6

41 G.3. (U.K.) c. 69.

From April 5, 1804, in England, and from May 24, in Scotland, Duties herein mentioned levied according to Schedules of this Act, in lieu of former Duties.

C. 161. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

transferred; and also an, Act, passed in the Forty first Year of

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for -iferring the Receipt and Management of certain Duties on

cates for wearing Hair Powdery or using Armorial Bearings,

1 from the Commissioners of Stamps to the Commissioners for the ‘ Affairs of Taxes, and also for making further Provisions

i sped of the said Duties so tranferred; might be more effectually carried into Execution, if the Provisions for ascertaining, charging and assessing the same were comprised in One Act, and varied and amended in some respects Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Fifth Day of One thousand eight hundred and four, throughout that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and Berwick-upon-Tweed, and from and after the Twenty fourth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and four, throughout Scotland, in lieu and instead of the Duties granted by or contained in the several Schedules annexed to the said recited Acts, and hereinafter repealed, there shall be assessed, raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon Plouses, Windows and Lights, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.); and upon Inhabited Houses, as set forth in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and upon all Male Servants retained or employed by any Person or Persons in any of the several Capacities mentioned in the Schedule to. this Act annexed, marked (C.); and upon all Carriages of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (D.); and upon all Horses, Mares and Geldings, kept and used by any Person or Persons for any of the Purposes mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and upon all other Horses, Mares or Geldings, not charged with any Duty by the before mentioned Schedule (E.) , and upon Mules, as described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (F.); and upon all Dogs of any of the Descriptions mentioned in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (G.); and upon all Horse Dealers residing within the respective Limits described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (H.); and upon all Persons in respect of Flair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, as respectively set forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (I.) and (K.); the several Duties respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said several Schedules marked (A.) , (B.) , (C.) , (D.) , (E.) , (F.) , (G.) , (HO, (10 and (K.) , hereunto annexed, which several Schedules, and the Rules and Exemptions therein contained, shall be deemed and construed a Part of this Act, as if the same were incorporated therewith under a special Enactment. \_The Duties granted by this Act repealed, 4-8 G. 3. c. 55., and other Duties granted, which are to be levied by the Regulations of this Act, see § 2. of that

II. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Intituled An Act for granting 1 to His Majesty certain Duties upon Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, and also certain Duties upon Carriages to be built for Sale, certain Excise Duties were granted in Great Britain on

4 Licences

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C161.

347

<Licences taken out by such Coachmakers, and also on Carriages *with Four or Two Wheels respectively, which should be built or < constructed for Sale: And Whereas it is expedient that the said <Duties should be repealed, and other Duties should be granted < in lieu thereof on Goaehmakers, and on Carriages constructed by

them for Sale, to be placed under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and also the like Duties on

Persons vending the same by way of Auction, or on Commission,

for or in the expectation of Profit Be it further enacted, That all Duties granted by the said last recited Act, shall, from and after the respective Days before mentioned in the respective Parts of Great Britain, cease and determine, save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering or paying any Arrears of the said Duties by the said Act granted, which on that Day shall remain unpaid, and the several Clauses and Provisions for receiving and recovering the same.

" All Excise Licences shall cease from the Days fixed for the " Repeal of the Duties, and Commissioners shall return a Portion " of the Duty for the Time then unexpired. § 3.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the respective Days before mentioned, in England and Scotland respectively, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the several Duties on Coachmakers, and on Carriages built and constructed by them for Sale, in lieu and instead of the Duties hereby repealed, and also the new Duties on Persons vending such Carriages by Auction or Commission for or in expectation of Profit, severally contained in Schedules (D.) No. 5 and 6, which Schedules shall be construed a Part of this Act, and as the other Schedules to this Act are directed to be considered.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the several Duties hereby granted, in England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be assessed, raised, levied and collected under the Regulations of an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act

for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the same; and all the several Duties hereby granted in Scotland shall be assessed, raised, levied and collected under the Regulations of any Act passed or to be passed in the present Session of Parliament for consolidating certain of the Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and for amending the said Acts so far as the same relate to Scotand all and every the Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained in the said Acts shall be severally and respectively duly observed, practised and put in Execution throughout the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Methods, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and all and every the Regulations of the said Acts shall be respectively applied,

Excise Duties under 25 G.3. c. 49. on Licences to Coachmakers, and on Carriages built for Sale, repealed, except as to Arrears.

Duties in Schedule D. 5&6.

Duties levied under Regulations of 43 G. 3. c. 99. ando.l5Ck

34-8

43° GEO. III.

Commissioners of Land Tax qualified as under 38 G.3. c. 5. &c. to be Commissioners for executing this Act;

Monies levied to be under Management of Tax Office.

Sheriffs Depute, &c. in Scotland may act as Commissioners.

Commissioners, Assessors, Collectors, &c. under 43 G.3. C. 99.&150. to execute this Act.

Duty of Inspectors and Surveyors.

C. 161.

A.D. 1803.

plied, construed, deemed and taken to refer to this Act, as if the same had been specially enacted therein.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the better Execution of

this Act, and for the ordering, raising, collecting, levying and paying of the several Sums of Money hereby made payable, all and every the Persons who now are, or for the time being shall be Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety eight; and who shall be respectively qualified or authorized to act, and shall have taken the Oaths as directed by the said respective Acts passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall respectively be Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, and the Powers therein contained, in all and every the respective Counties, Ridings, Cities, Boroughs, Cinque Ports, Towns and Places, privileged or not privileged, within j England, Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, and in all and

every the Shires, Stewartries, Cities and Boroughs in

and the several Sums of Money so levied shall be under the Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the time being appointed or to be appointed by His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute in each Shire or Stewartry in Scotland, shall by virtue of such Office, without other Qualification, execute this and the said last recited Act as Commissioners in the Shire or Stewartry for which they are appointed Sheriff Depute and Sheriff Substitute respectively, and shall not be liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture for acting therein without the Qualification before required.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors and Collectors appointed by the said Commissioners for any Parish, Ward or Place, in pursuance of the said recited Acts respectively, passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall be the Assessors and Collectors of the several Duties granted by this Act; and the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given to such Persons, that they respectively are appointed Assessors and Collectors of the said Duties hereby granted; and the several Commissioners, Inspectors, Surveyors, Assessors and Collectors, are hereby empowered to do and execute all Matters and Things in relation to the Duties by this Act granted, which they respectively are empowered to do and execute in relation to the Duties mentioned in the said recited Acts respectively; and shall severally be subject and liable to the like Penalties for any Neglect or Omission in the Performance of their Duty, or any Fraud or Abuse in executing the same, as are inflicted on such Officers by the said recited Acts respectively for the like Offences.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons, who, as Inspectors or Surveyors, are or may be authorized to act in Execution of the said recited Acts respectively, passed in the present Session of Parliament, shall respectively have the Survey and Inspection of the Duties by this Act made payable within the respective Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid, and shall take Accounts

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

0. 161.

349

counts of the several Dwelling Houses therein, and of the Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules, and Dogs kept by any Person or Persons whatever, and of the several Persons liable to the other Duties in this Act mentioned, and of the Duties chargeable in respect thereof, and shall inspect and examine the Assessments or Certificates thereof made, and to be made from time to time, in pursuance of this Act, and execute all Things belonging to the same, according to the Powers vested in them by this and the said recited Acts respectively; provided that no Inspector or Surveyor, now or hereafter to be appointed, shall act as a Commissioner in any Matter or Thing touching the Execution of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Dwelling House, Cottage or Tenement, of whatever Description, occupied at the Time of making the Assessment, shall be brought into Charge in respect of the Duties set forth in the Schedule marked (A.) by the respective Assessors, and in their Default, by the respective Surveyors and Inspectors herein mentioned, according to the Number of Windows therein, subject to the Powers of discharging the same as after mentioned; and every Dwelling House, Cottage or Tenement, and other the Premises therewith occupied, and hereby charged, as set forth in Schedule (B.) , being together of the annual Rent of Five Pounds or upwards, shall also be brought into Charge in like Manner, according to the full and just yearly Rent at which the same is really and bon fide worth to be let in respect of the Duties set forth in the said Schedule marked (B.); and if any Assessor or Assessors shall omit, in the Assessment of the said Duties set forth in Schedule (A.) , to charge the Occupiers of any House, Cottage or Tenement, to the said Duties, according to the Number of Windows therein, or shall omit in the Assessment of the said Duties set forth in Schedule (B.) , to charge the Occupier of any House, Cottage or Tenement, which with the Premises therewith occupied and charged by this Act, shall be of the annual Value of Five Pounds or upwards, to the said Duties, according to the annual Rent at which the same is really and bona fide worth to be let, whether the Occupier of any such House, Cottage or Tenement, shall be entitled to be discharged from the same in Manner hereinafter mentioned or not, every such Assessor shall, for each and every such Neglect, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds; and where any such Dwelling House, or Premises therewith occupied, shall be situate within more Parishes or Places than One, then such Dwelling House shall be charged to the said several Duties as One entire House, and the Premises therewith occupied as belonging to such House in such of the said Parishes or Places as the Surveyor or Inspector for the said Duties, or any Part thereof, shall deem most expedient, to be notified by the Certificate of such Surveyor or Inspector to the Commissioners acting for either of such Parishes or Places.

[See §11, 12.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Per-

No Inspector, &c. to be Commissioner.

Every House occupied at the Time of making the Assessment shall be brought into Charge under Sched. (A.) & (B.) subject to Discharge.

Assessor neglecting.

[Penalty.]

Houses in more Parishes than One, charged in either Parish.

Exemption for

son inhabiting a Dwelling House in Eng, Wales or Berwick poor Persons upon Tweed, containing not more than Six Windows in the Whole, from Duties on shall be exempted from the Duties in Schedule (A.) , in case such Widows under Person shall be on the Books of such Parish or Place as receiving Schedule (A-) Parochial Relief; and any Person inhabiting a Dwelling House in

Scotland,

350

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Manner in which the Claim to Exemption from Duties in Schedule (A. )& (B.) shall be proved, and the Party discharged.

Exemptions may be allowed on the present Assessments.

Before Exemptions are allowed, Assessors shall produce Certificate of Inability of the Party, from the Minister and Inhabitants of the Parish.

Scotland, containing not more than Three Windows in the Whole, and under the annual Rent of Twenty Shillings, shall be exempted from the Duties in Schedule (A.) , in case such Person shall be poor and indigent, and shall not be assessed or liable to be assessed to any of the Duties contained in Schedules (B.) , (C.) , (D.) or (E.) , which several Exemptions shall be proved or claimed in the manner hereinafter mentioned.

[See § 12.]

XII. And, in order to give Relief to such Persons as aforesaid, who may be charged to the said several Duties set forth in the f Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) , or either of them Be it further enacted, That where any such House Cottage or Tenement, as is described in the preceding Clause, shall be brought into Charge as aforesaid, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall be entitled to the said Exemption by reason of Poverty, as hereinbefore specified, then and in every such Case the Assessor or Assessors shall on the Certificate of Assessment set opposite the Sum charged on the Occupier thereof the Fact of his or her being Poor, and shall return the same, together with the Assessment and a Certificate as hereinafter is mentioned, to the Commissioners for executing this Act in the District where such Assessment shall be made; and the said Commissioners, before the Allowance of any such Assessment, or making any Order thereupon, shall examine the Assessor or Assessors who shall respectively attend the said Commissioners for that Purpose, at such Time as they shall appoint, touching the Return so made; and if the said Commissioners shall, from such Examination, and from such Certificate as hereinafter is mentioned, be satisfied that any Occupier of any such House, Cottage or Tenement charged to the said several Duties, or either of them, is entitled to such Exemption, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, after such Proof thereof, to strike out the Charge against such Occupier, leaving the Name of such Occupier, and the Number of Windows and Rent of such House in the Assessment, and every such Occupier shall be exempted accordingly from the said respective Duties, which Exemption shall, in the like Cases, be construed to extend to and shall be allowed on all Assessments on such poor Persons, of the Duties payable at the Time of passing this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the Commencement of the present Year.

[See § 13 .post.Exemptions extended, 57 G. 3. c. 128.]

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any such Exemption or Abatement shall be allowed, the Assessors shall produce to the said Commissioners a Certificate under the Hands of Five or more substantial Householders of such Parish or Place, in Vestry or Kirk Session assembled, of whom the resident Minister in such Parish or Place shall be One; but in case there shall be no such resident Minister in such Parish or Place, then the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of such Parish or Place, or Two of them at the least, or Two or more of the Elders of such Parish or Place, shall concur with such Householders in such Certificate, certifying thereby, that they have carefully examined the Assessment of the Duties granted by this Act, and the Allegations therein made by the Assessors touching such Persons who shall be therein stated to be poor, and that in their Judgment and Belief the Persons therein certified to be poor are entitled to be exempted by

20 reason

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

3 Si

reason 6f their Poverty, and are wholly unable to pay the Duties assessed upon them; Provided, that if in any Parish or Place in England, Wales or Rerruick-upon- Trueed, there shall not be Five substantial Householders, then such Certificate may be made by the substantial Householders there residing; or if there shall be no Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor for such Parish or Place, then such Certificate may be granted by the resident Minister, or by any Two Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of any adjoining Parish or Place, who can certify the Truth of such Allegations in Manner aforesaid, concurring therein with the substantial Householders residing in the Parish Or Place where such Assessment shall be made.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where the Occupier of any House, Cottage or Tenement, containing more than the Number of Windows or Lights before specified, shall be brought into Charge as directed by this Act, and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof shall, at the Commencement of the Year for which such Assessment is made, be poor and indigent, or shall become so during that Year, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful, for such Occupier or Occupiers to give Notice thereof in Writing, stating the Causes to the Assessor or to the Surveyor of the District in which such House is situate, annexing thereto a Certificate under the Hands of such Persons as aforesaid, certifying that in their Judgment and Belief such Person is justly entitled to Relief on account of Poverty for the Causes mentioned in such Notice; and every Assessor shall deliver the Notices by him received to such Surveyor; and if such Surveyor shall be satisfied of the Truth thereof, after due Examination of the Facts and Circumstances, and that such Person is unable to pay the Duties charged on him or her, and has no probable Means of bettering his or her Condition within that Year, he is hereby required to certify the same to the said Commissioners; and if such Surveyor shall not be so satisfied, then, on Notice thereof to such Occupier or Occupiers, it shall be lawful for him or them to appeal from such Charge to the said Commissioners, giving Ten Days previous Notice thereof to the said Surveyor; and in every Case where the Surveyor shall certify to the said Commissioners that he is satisfied of the Truth of the Claim made bjr any such Occupier or Occupiers, and that he or they is or are, and will be unable to pay the Duties charged on him or her within that Year, or if upon Appeal as aforesaid, it shall appear to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present, on the Oath of such Appellant, or by other lawful Evidence on Oath produced and shewn by such Appellant, that he or she is entitled to maintain such Appeal, and wholly unable as aforesaid to pay the Duties charged on him or her, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to give such Relief, either by striking off the Whole of the Duty so charged, or diminishing the same, as to them shall seem meet and necessary, and which Appeals for the Causes in this Clause mentioned, may be heard and determined either on the Days mentioned in this Act for the hearing of Appeals in other Cases, or at the End of the Year, or any Day or Days to be appointed by the respective Commissioners for executing this Act; which Exemption shall, in the like Cases, be construed to extend to, and shall be allowed on

all

How Occupiers of Houses containing more than the Number of Windows before specified may be relieved from the Duties.

Such Exemption may be allowed upon the

352

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

present Assessments.

Unoccupied Houses to be inserted in Assessment.

Incoming Occupier to give Notice.

[Penalty.]

On Notice of Houses becoming unoccupied, Commissioners may discharge or levy Assessment.

Commissioners, Inspectors, &c. may inspect Poor Rates.

Refusal,

[Penalty.]

all Assessments on such poor Persons of the Duties payable at the Time of passing this Act, which shall have been or shall be made at any Time after the Commencement of the present Year.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every House or Tenement which shall happen to be unoccupied at the Time of making the Assessment, shall be inserted as such in the Assessment, with the Number of Windows contained therein, and the Annual Rent at which the same might be let, if the same shall amount to Five Pounds or upwards; and the Assessors, and in their Default, the Surveyors and Inspectors, shall cause the same to be certified to the said Commissioners, from the Time of such House or Tenement coming into the Occupation of any Person or Persons, and such Person or Persons shall cause Notice thereof to be given to such Assessor, Surveyor or Inspector, within Twenty Days after his or their coming into the Occupation of such House or Tenement; and every Person neglecting so to do, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall be liable moreover for such Neglect to be charged to the said several Duties inserted in the Assessment for the whole Year in which such House or Tenement became so occupied; but on giving such Notice, shall be chargeable only from the Time of his or her coming into the Occupation of such House or Tenement, according to the Rates prescribed in Schedules (A.) and (B.) , estimated on the Remainder of such Year, commencing from the End of the preceding Quarter of the Year; and every House or Tenement charged to the said Duties, although the same shall within the Year become unoccupied in the Manner mentioned in Schedule (A.) , shall be charged to the said Duties for the whole Year on the former Occupier, or the Occupier for the time being, as the Case may require, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Assessor for the Place, of such House or Tenement becoming unoccupied; and the Commissioners for executing this Act are hereby empowered, at their Discretion, to discharge such Assessment, or to direct the Duties to be levied according to the Directions of this Act, as to them shall seem just.

XVI. And for the better Information of the Commissioners appointed to carry this Act into Execution, and of the Surveyors and Persons to be appointed Assessors as aforesaid, and the better 1 to enable them to perform their Duty; ’ Be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, and the said Surveyors, Inspectors and Assessors, or any One or more of them, or any Person or Persons authorized by them or any of them, shall have Liberty from time to time, and at all seasonable times, to inspect and to take Copies or Extracts from any Book or Books kept by any Parish Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, of or concerning the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor, or any other public Taxes, Rates or Assessments, or any Contributions under the Management of the Kirk Sessions in the respective Parts of Great Britain aforesaid, in any Place within the Limits for which they shall be appointed; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall refuse or neglect to permit the said Inspection, or the Copies or Extracts to be made as aforesaid, or to attend the said Commissioners with their Books when required so to do, then and

A.D. 1803. 43 GEO. III. C. 161.

353

in every such Case, every Person who shall so refuse or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any House, Cottage

or Tenement, or any Windows therein, or any Hospital, Charity School, Poor House or licensed Chapel, ought to be exempted from the Duties hereby payable, by virtue of any of the Rules contained in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the Occupier or Occupiers of such House, Cottage or Tenement, and the Person or Persons having the Conduct or Management of such Hospital, Charity School, Poor House or licensed Chapel, shall give Notice thereof to the Assessor or Assessors; which Notice shall contain the Number of Windows in such House, Cottage or Tenement, and in such Hospital, Charity School, Poor House and licensed Chapel respectively, distinguishing the Number chargeable by this Act, and the Number claimed to be exempted as aforesaid; and the Assessor or Assessors shall make diligent Inquiry into the same, and shall state on the Assessment, to the best of his or their Knowledge and Belief, the Number of Windows entitled to such Exemption, and shall return such Statement, together with the Assessment, to the Commissioners for executing this Act; and the said Commissioners shall examine into the Truth of such Statements, by Examination of the Assessor or Assessors, in manner before directed in Cases of Occupiers to be discharged for Poverty (a) , and on due Proof thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to discharge such Number of Windows from the said Assessment as in their Judgment shall be within the Exemptions allowed by this Act. (a) \_See § 12. ante.']

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Window or Light shall be exempted from the Duties made payable by this Act by reason of its having been stopped up, unless such Window' or Light shall be stopped up effectually with Stone or Brick, or with the same Kind of Materials whereof that Part of the Outside Walls of such Dwelling House in which such Window or Light shall have been doth chiefly consist.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to charge any Window or Light in the Roof of any Dwelling House which shall be stopped up on the Outside thereof effectually with Materials of the like Nature of which the Outside of the Roof shall chiefly consist, nor any Window or Light which shall have been stopped up before the Commencement of this Act, according to the Directions of the Laws in force at the Time of passing this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Window or Light shall be newly opened or made in any Dwelling House or Office belonging thereto, nor shall any such Window^ or Light which shall have been stopped up at the Time when the Assessment in respect of such Dwelling House shall be made for the then current Year be restored, nor shall any Window or Light which has been charged in that Year be stopped up without, in each of the Cases, Six Days’ previous Notice thereof in Writing being given by the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling House, to the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties, or One of them, for the Place in which the Assessment was made,

43 Geo. III. A a describing

Penalty 10l.

Notice to be given to Assessor by Occupiers of Houses, Managers of Hospitals, &c. entitled to Exemption from Duties under Rules in Schedules (A.) and

(B.)

How Windows shall be stopped up.

Proviso for Windows in Roofs and other Windows already stopped up.

Window's not to be made, restored or stopped up without Six Days’ Notice to Survey-- 1 ors.

354

[Penalty.]

Surveyors to charge Windows newly made, or restored, from Commencement of the Year.

Such Windows in certain Cases liable to Double Duties.

Appeal.

No Abatement for Windows unless stopped before Commencement of the Year.

Every Assessment in England to be for a Year from April 5, payable quarterly;

C. 161. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

describing therein the particular Situation of every such Window or Light in such Dwelling House, and the Number of such Windows or Lights, if more than One, so to be made, restored or stopped up, on pain that the Occupier or Occupiers of such Dwelling House neglecting to give such Notice, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Window or Light so newly made, restored or stopped up as aforesaid, and which Penalty shall be paid over and above any Duty payable in respect of such Dwelling House.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surveyor or Inspector herein mentioned shall receive any Notice, or shall otherwise find or discover that any Window or Light in any such Dwelling House liable to the said Duties, hath been newly made or restored as aforesaid, which Window or Light hath not been charged in the Assessment for that Year, then such Surveyor or Inspector shall and is hereby required to certify the same in Writing under his Hand by way of Charge, to any Two or more of the Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution, and shall state in such Certificate to what Amount the Person or Persons liable to the said Duties hath or have been under-rated in the Assessment for that Year; and thereupon the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall cause such Assessment to be amended according to such Certificate, and the Duties to be charged shall be levied thereon from the Commencement of the Year in which such Window or Light shall be made or restored, as if such Window or Light had been originally included in such Assessment: Provided always, that if the Commissioners shall be of Opinion that any Window or Light so restored in any Dwelling House shall have been stopped up at the Time when the Assessment was made, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Duties, they shall charge the Occupier of the said Dwelling House at the Rate of Double the Sum by which the Assessment shall be increased by reason of such Certificate; provided also, that every such Assessment, when amended, shall be liable to be appealed against in such manner as if the same had been originally so made.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment shall be subject to Appeal, nor any Abatement of the Duties allowed in any Year by reason of any Windows or Lights being stopped up, unless it shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners for executing this Act, that the same Windows or Lights were respectively stopped up according to the Directions of this Act, previous to the Commencement of the Year on which the said Assessment shall or ought to have been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be made of the said Duties in pursuance of this Act in

Wales and Berwick upon Tweed, shall be in Force for One whole Year, commencing from the Fifth Day of in the Year in

which the same shall be made, and ending on the Fifth Day of April then next following; and the said several Duties shall be paid by quarterly Instalments on the Days hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say,) on the Twentieth Day of June for the Quarter commencing from the Fifth Day of April and ending on the Fifth Day of July, the Twentieth Day of September for the Quarter commencing from the Fifth Day of July and ending on the Tenth

Day

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

a 161.

3515

Day of October, and the Twentieth Day of December for the Quarter commencing from the Tenth Day of October and ending on the Fifth Day of January, and the Twentieth Day of March for the Quarter commencing on the Fifth Day of January and ending on the Fifth Day of April in every Year, the First Payment thereof

to be made on the Twentieth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four; and it shall be lawful for the respective Com- under Warrant missioners, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby of Commission-required, as soon as the Assessment shall be made, to issue out ers’ and deliver to the respective Collectors their Warrants for the speedy and effectual levying and collecting the said Duties, as the same shall become payable, by quarterly Instalments as aforesaid; and such Part thereof as cannot be so levied and collected may Arrears reco* be recoverable as a Debt upon Record to the King’s Majesty, His verable as a Heirs and Successors, with full Costs of Suit and all Charges at- on Re~ tending the same; and when so recovered the said Duties shall be cor paid to the Receiver General in Aid of the Parish or Place answer* able for the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Assessment to be Assessments in made of the said Duties in pursuance of this Act in Scotland shall Scotland to be in Force for One whole Year, and shall commence from the ^or a Year Twenty fourth Day of May in the Year in which the same shall be J^ble Half made, and end on the Twenty fourth Day of May then next fol- yearly. lowing; and the said last mentioned Duties shall be paid by Half

yearly Instalments on the Days hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say,) on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Twenty fifth Day of March in every Year; the first Payment thereof to be made on or before the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four; and such Payments shall be made by the Person charged with the said Duty, his or her Executors or Administrators, by themselves or others in their Behoof, to the Collector of the said Duties personally or at hi&

Office; and the said Collector shall on Payment thereof give Acquittances (without taking any Thing for such Acquittance, the Stamp Duty for the same excepted) , unto the several Persons who shall pay the same, which shall be a full Discharge to the Persons paying the same against His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and Nonpayment.-every Person so charged shall, in case of his or her not paying the same upon the Day upon which he or she is hereby appointed to pay the same, or within Three Days thereafter, forfeit Treble the Penalty.

Value and Extent of the Duty with which he or she stands charged, to be recovered as the said Duties may be recovered by the said last mentioned Act of the present Session of Parliament.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessors for the Assessors yearly time being shall, within Twenty one Days after the respective t0fa.use General Times appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties, and

for every subsequent Year, within Twenty one Days after the church Door Commencement of the respective Duties for each Year, cause &c, requiring* General Notices to be affixed on the Doors of the Church or Lists to be de-Chapel, or Market House or Cross (if any) of the City, Town, hvered, which . Parish or Place for which such Assessor shall act; and if such *^1 be teamed Place shall not have a Church or Chapel, or Market House or Cross, then on the nearest Church or Chapel Door of any adjoining Parish, requiring all Persons residing in the said City, Town,

Parish

356

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Defacing Notices *

[Penalty.]

Assessors to leave Notices at Dwelling Houses for Persons liable to Duties in Schedules C----K.

to return Lists.

Persons liable to Duties in Schedules C----K.

in the Course of the Year ending on the Days appointed for Commencement of the Duties shall return Lists of Particulars thereof,

&c. to the Assessors, within Six Weeks after such Days.

Lists of Male Servants.

Parish or Place, who are by this Act required so to do, to make out and deliver to the respective Assessors, within Fourteen Days after the Date of such Notice, such Lists or Declarations as are herein required; and such General Notice shall from time to time, when the same shall be affixed, be deemed sufficient Notice of the Time within which such Returns shall be required to be made in each Year, to all Persons residing or being in such City, Town, Parish or Place, and the affixing the same in manner before directed, shall be deemed good Service of such Notice to all Persons within the Limits of such City, Town, Parish or Place; and the said respective Assessors shall cause the said Notices from time to time to be replaced (if necessary) during the said Space of Fourteen Days previous to the Time required for the Delivery of such Lists or Declarations as aforesaid; and every Person wilfully tearing, defacing or obliterating any such Notice so affixed, shall forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

[See § 27, 2S. post.']

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That besides

such General Notices as aforesaid, the said respective Assessors shall within the respective Periods before mentioned, in every Year, give or leave at every Dwelling House where any Person liable or supposed to be liable to the Duties hereby made payable, as set forth in the several Schedules to this Act annexed, marked (C, D, E, F, G, H, I and K,) or any of them, shall usually reside within the Limits of the Places for which such Assessors act, One Notice to and for the Occupier thereof; and where such Dwelling House shall be let in different Apartments, and occupied distinctly by different Persons or Families, a like Notice to and for the Occupier of each distinct Story or Apartment, provided any Person liable or supposed to be liable as aforesaid shall reside there, and also a like Notice to and for every Person so liable, then residing in such Dwelling House as a Lodger or Inmate, within the Knowledge of such Assessor or Assessors, requiring such Persons respectively to prepare and produce, within Twenty one Days next ensuing the Date of such Notice, a List or Lists, or Declaration or Declarations in Writing, in the Forms and in the Manner hereinafter required.

[See § 27, 28. post.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have retained or employed any Male Servant or Servants, or other Male Person or Persons herein described or mentioned, or kept any Carriage, Horse, Mule or Dog, or shall have used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer or Coach-maker, or Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, or shall have used or worn Hair Powder or any Armorial Bearing or Ensign, in the Course of the Year ending on the Day next' before the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, shall, before the End of Six Weeks thereafter, whether any previous Notice for that Purpose shall have been delivered or not, cause to be prepared true and particular Lists in Writing, signed by such Person or on his or her Behalf, which shall contain the Parish or Place, and the Parishes or Places where such Persons shall then or usually reside, and One of such Lists shall also contain the greatest Number of Male Servants retained or employed

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

357

ployed by such Persons, and also the Names of the several othei* Male Persons by them retained or employed at any One Time in the Course of the Year ending as aforesaid, in any of the Capacities mentioned in the Schedules hereunto annexed, and the Names of such Servants and other Persons and the several Capacities in which they shall serve; and whenever the Person required to return such List shall be liable to the Duty on Servants kept by any Male Person never having been married, he shall be required to denote the same, by adding to the Signature of his Name the Letter B.; another of the said Lists shall contain the greatest Number of Carriages mentioned or described in the Schedules annexed to this Act, kept by such Person at any One Time within the like Period, describing therein, by its usual Name and Description, the particular Kind and Denomination of such Carriage by which the Body or Bodies of such Carriages are usually called or known, and distinguishing the Number of such Carriages with Four Wheels from the Number of such Carriages with less than Four Wheels, and also the Number of Bodies of such Carriages which shall successively have been used on the same Carriage or Number of Wheels, and also the Number of Horses by which such Carriages with less than Four Wheels shall have been drawn at any Time within the like Period, and also the Number of such Carriages liable as Taxed Carts; another of the said Lists shall contain the greatest Number of Horses, Mares or Geldings, kept and used by such Person for the Purpose of riding or drawing any Carriage chargeable with the Duty made payable by this Act, at any One Time within the like Period; another of such Lists shall contain the greatest Number of all other Horses, Mares or Geldings and Mules, kept by such Person at any One Time within the like Period, which shall on any Occasion have been used as herein mentioned; another of such Lists shall contain the greatest Number of Dogs kept by such Person within the like Period, distinguishing therein any Greyhound, Hound, Pointer, Setting Dog, Spaniel, Lurcher or Terrier, from any other Dog, where One Dog only shall be kept by such Person; another of such Lists, if the same be returned by any Person who shall have used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, shall contain the Place or Places where the same shall have been so used or exercised within the like Period, and also the greatest Number of Horses, Mares or Geldings, kept by him or her at any One Time within the like Period, distinguishing whether the same shall have been kept for Sale, or been used by him or her, or let to Hire, and the Number of each so kept or used, and for what Purpose, so that the Duties hereby made payable shall be duly charged; and another of such Lists, if the same shall be returned by any Coach-maker or Maker of Carriages before mentioned, or by any Seller of such Carriages by Auction or on Commission, as herein is mentioned, shall contain the Place or Places where such Trade or Business shall be carried on; and another of such Lists, if the same be returned by any Person who shall have worn Hair Powder, or used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign within the like Period, shall distinguish therein the particular Duty and Duties, and the Amount thereof, to which such Person is liable, with a Declaration whether he or she is a Housekeeper of one of the Family, or a A a 3 Lodger,

Of Carriages.

Horses.

Dogs.

Horses kept by Horse Dealers.

Coachmakers.

Hair Powder, Armorial Bearings, &c.

358

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Lodgers, &c.

Lists to be delivered to Assessor.

Such Persons charged according to such Lists for the Year commencing from those Lays.

Lists to he returned annually in Jilte Afauner,

Lodger, Inmate, Apprentice or Servant, abiding in the House of any Person; and every List returned by any Occupier of a Dwelling House or distinct Apartmennt as aforesaid, shall contain the Names and Places of Abode of every Person resident in such Dwelling House, distinguishing whether such Person so residing be of the Family, or be Lodgers or Inmates, or Apprentices or Servants; and in case such Householder or Occupier having unmarried Daughters, or any Servant or Servants, shall be desirous of being personally charged to the Duties hereby imposed on Persons wearing Hair Powder as aforesaid, instead of his or her unmarried Daughters, or his or her Servant or Servants, as herein is allowed, then also such Lists shall contain the Number and Names of such unmarried Daughters and Servants respectively to be so charged to him or her, and the Capacities in which such Servant or Servants shall serve; and every such Person shall deliver or cause such Lists to be delivered to the Assessor or Assessors of the said Duties for the District, Parish or Place where such Person shall reside or be, or leave or cause the same to be left at his pr their Dwelling House or Houses, or One of them, at or before the Expiration of the Time appointed by this Act for the Delivery thereof; and every Person who shall have retained, employed, kept or used any Servants, or other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses, Mules or Dogs, shall be charged for the greatest Number of Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs retained or employed, kept or used by him or her at any One Time within the Year ending as aforesaid; and every Person who shall have used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, or the Trade or Business of a Coachmaker, or Maker of Carriages, or of a Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission, or shall have worn or used Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings within the Year ending as aforesaid, shall be assessed and charged by the respective Assessors for the Year commencing from that Day; which Assessments shall be made at the Rate specified in the said Schedules marked (C, D, E, F, G, H, I and K,) and according to the Lists, which shall or ought to have been returned as aforesaid, subject to such Powers of Surcharge as by this Act are directed and given; and the Assessments on the Returns so to be made shall be deemed an Assessment for the Year commencing from the respective Days in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable to the said Duties shall, in every Year subsequent to the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties, within Six Weeks thereafter, and he and she is hereby required yearly, whether any previous Notice for that Purpose shall have been delivered or not, to cause to be prepared and to be delivered to the respective Assessors before mentioned for the Time being, true and particular Lists of the greatest Number of such Servants or other Male Persons retained or employed, and of Carriages, Horses, JVIules and Dogs kept by such Person, or of his or her having used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer or Coach-maker, or Maker of Carriages as aforesaid, or of a Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid; or of having porn pr used Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns,

at

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

959

at any One Time, in the Course of the preceding Year ending on the then preceding Fifth Day of April; which Lists shall be prepared in the Form before prescribed, and according to the Directions of this Act in respect thereof; and such Person shall renew the same in the same Manner in every Year so long as such Person shall be liable to the said Duties, or any of them as aforesaid; and every Person shall annually be chargeable in respect of the greatest Number of Servants or other Male Persons, Carriages, Horses, Mares or Geldings, Mules and Dogs, retained, employed, kept or used by him or her at any One Time within such preceding Year, and also in respect of his, her or their having used or exercised the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, or Coach-maker, or Maker of such Carriages, or a Seller thereof by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, or of having worn or used Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns, within the same Period; and the Assessment made thereupon shall be deemed an Assessment made for the Year in which such Returns shall or ought to have been made.

Assessment shall be for the Year in which Returns are made.

" Every Person beginning to keep a Male Servant, or Carriage,

" or to carry on the Business of a Horse Dealer, Coachmaker, &c.

" or to wear Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings, and every Person " ceasing to keep such Servant, &c. or to carry on such Business,

" &c. shall give Notice thereof within Twenty Days. § 29.

[Repealed, 50 G. 3. c. 105. § 4.]

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ne- How Assessors gleet or refuse to make out, sign and deliver such Lists as are shall make As-herein directed, or any of them, within the respective Times herein pg*^rofus mentioned, then the Assessor or Assessors shall, from the best In- in^neHect-formation he or they can obtain, make an Assessment upon such in| to deliver Person so refusing or neglecting for or in respect of every Servant, Lists. Carriage, Horse, Mule or Dog, retained or kept by him or her as

aforesaid, and of every Person having used or exercised such Trade or Trades as aforesaid, or worn or used Hair Powder, or Armorial Bearings or Ensigns as aforesaid, according to the Rates specified in the said Schedules, and shall include the same in the Certificate of the Assessment to be delivered to the Commissioners as herein directed; and every such Assessment so made upon any such Neglect or Refusal shall be final and conclusive upon the Person thereby charged, who shall not be at Liberty to appeal therefrom, Appeal against unless such Person shall prove that he or she was not at his or her such Assess-Dwelling House or Place of Abode, at the Time of Delivery of raents* such Notice, nor between that Day and the Time limited for delivering such List as aforesaid to the Assessors, or unless such Person shall allege and prove such other Excuse for not having delivered his or her List, as the Commissioners for executing this Act shall in their Judgment think reasonable and sufficient.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That such Assessors shall Assessors not not be bound by such Lists as shall be delivered to them respect- boipid by Lists ively in pursuance of this Act, but shall be at Liberty, if they dellvere<h shall find upon due Examination that any Person, Description,

Article, Matter or Thing, which ought to be contained in such Lists, is or are omitted, or untruly stated therein, to make a true Assessment upon every such Person, according to the Intent and

Mean-

360

Housekeepers shall require Declaration or Returns from Lodgers, &c.

Penalty on Neglect and Refusal in either Party, 501.

Assessors shall leave Notices for Lodgers, &c.

Persons having divers Places of Residence, &c. shall deliver Lists at each.

C. 161. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Meaning of this Act, of the real Charge which ought to be imposed on such Person.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier as aforesaid, in whose Dwelling House or Apartment any Person liable to the Duties by this Act made payable, or any or either of them, shall reside as a Lodger or Inmate, shall, for the Purpose of making accurate Returns, cause the Contents of the Notice left at his or her Dwelling House to be read over and made known to each and every such Lodger or Inmate not having received a like Notice, requiring them respectively to declare to him or her, and attest the Return to be made, whether he or she be liable to the said Duties, or either of them, or be exempted therefrom, or whether he or she have another Place of ordinary Residence where he or she intends to be charged; and every Person so resident, being thereunto required as aforesaid, shall be obliged to make such Declaration; and if any such Lodger or Inmate shall wilfully refuse to give an Account as required by this Act, or to attest the Return to be made thereof, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds; or if any Occupier as aforesaid, by whom any such Declaration ought to be required, or to whom any such Declaration shall be made, shall neglect to require the same, or to insert the same in the Return to be made to the Assessor or Assessors, in pursuance of this Act, every such Person shall also forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors

shall, upon Receipt of any List containing the Name of any Lodger or Inmate returned liable to any of the said Duties as chargeable within the Parish or Place where the said Assessors act, give or leave the like Notice for every such Person to prepare and produce, within the like Period, a List or Declaration signed as aforesaid; and every such Person shall, within Twenty one Days after Notice left at such Dwelling House, make out a List or Declaration, as the Case shall require, and sign the same in the Manner before directed, under the Penalty herein mentioned for neglecting to deliver any such List or Declaration. § 37. post.']

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have divers Places of Residence within any Part of Great

Britain, or shall keep any Servants or other Male Persons herein described, Carriages, Horses, Mules or Dogs, at divers Places within Great Britain, and every Person being an Inmate or Lodger at the Time of such Notices being given as aforesaid, and having an ordinary Residence at some other Place or Places, whereat or at one of which Places such Person ought to be charged, shall be obliged to deliver all such Lists as aforesaid at each and every of such Places, and to insert in every such List the Name or Description of each Person, Article, Matter and Thing, for which such Person is liable to any of the said Duties, or which ought to be returned according to the Directions of this Act; and shall also in every such List specify the particular Persons and Number, of each Description of Articles aforesaid, respectively intended to be paid for within the Limits of the District, Parish or Place, where such List shall be delivered, and shall also at the same Time make his or her Declaration, to be inserted in such List, and signed by him or her, specifying the particular Counties or County, and Parishes

or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

361

or Parish wherein each such other Place of his or her Residence is situate, and also the Particular Counties or County, and Parishes or Parish wherein the said Duties, or any Part of the said Duties, are or is intended to be paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having delivered his or her Declaration to pay the said Duties in any other Parish, Ward or Place than in the Parish, Ward or Place where such List shall be delivered, shall not return a List in such other Parish, Ward or Place, according to such Declaration, in order to his or her being regularly brought into Charge by the Assessors for such other Parish, Ward or Place, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Person claiming to be within any of the Exemptions allowed by this Act, in or by any of the Schedules hereunto annexed, marked (C, D, E, F, G, H, I or K.) except of the Royal Family, in such Cases where they are specially exempted) shall make a due Return thereof, and declare the Cause or Causes of such Exemptions, such Declaration to be specified in or annexed to the Lists to be by him or her delivered; and if any Dispute shall arise whether the Person be entitled to such Exemption, the Proof thereof shall lie on the Person claiming such Exemption, who, on any Charge or Surcharge before such Commissioners, or on any Suit or Prosecution, shall be permitted to allege the same on Oath or Affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful Evidence to be produced and shewn by him or her; provided that no such Exemption shall be allowed unless the same, and the Cause thereof, shall have been duly returned to the Assessor or Assessors as aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person liable to the said Duties, or any of them, in respect whereof a List or Declaration ought to be delivered, or coming within any of the Exemptions contained in this Act, shall neglect to deliver a List or Lists, or a Declaration or Declartions according to the Directions of this Act, in every Parish or Place where the same ought to be delivered, or shall omit any Person, or any Description, Article, Matter or Thing which ought to be contained therein, according to this Act, or shall make an untrue Return of any Particular therein, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, over and above any Duty chargeable as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Penalty by this Act imposed as last aforesaid, for omitting to insert in the Lists or Declarations delivered as hereby required, any Person, or any Description, Article, Matter or Thing, which ought to have been contained therein, shall not be sued or prosecuted for in any Case where the Person or Persons against whom the Suit or Prosecution shall be brought, shall, before the Commencement thereof, have been surcharged for the same Cause, and on the same Account, and Assessed in Double the Duty hereby made payable, or any Proportion thereof, according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. And Whereas divers Persons may retain or employ ‘ Servants, or keep Carriages, Horses, Mules or Dogs, at Places

where they themselves have no Houses or Places of Residence,

and other Persons liable to the Duties made payable by this Act,

‘ or

Declaring to pay Duties in any Place, and not delivering List there.

Penalty 501.

Claims of Exemption (except with respect to the Royal Family) to be returned to Assessors, and proved on Oath, &c.

Neglect or Falsity in delivering Lists or Declarations.

Penalty 50l. and Duty.

Penalty for Omissions not to be sued for where Party surcharged.

362

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons employing Servants, &c. where they have no Residence, or coming to reside in Districts after Time for returning Lists, or having no fixed Place of Residence, Notice given and Lists returned,

and Declaration of Assessment, &c. elsewhere.

In Default, Assessments may be made upon them.

Removing with-nut delivering List, &c. Penalty 50l. Persons letting to Hire Horses

‘ or some of them, may come into or to reside in Places after the

lime appointed by this Act for returning the Lists before mentioned, not having been charged therein, or may have no fixed

Place of Residence Be it further enacted, That in every such

Case it shall be lawful for the Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, within and for such Districts or Places respectively, at any time or times, and they are hereby strictly required and enjoined in every Case within their Knowledge respectively, to deliver or leave such Notices as are herein before directed to be given, at the House or Houses where such Persons shall reside or be, or where such Servants, or other Male Persons before described, Carriages, Horses, Mules or Dogs, shall be kept; and all and every such Persons, and also all and every Person or Persons having the Care, Superintendence or Management of such Servants, or other Male Persons before described, Carriages, Horses, Mules or Dogs, shall deliver or cause to be delivered such List or Lists as aforesaid, signed by them respectively, conformably to the Directions hereinbefore contained, to the Assessors, Surveyors or Inspectors, within and for the respective Districts or Limits where any such Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules or Dogs, are or shall be kept, or where such Persons shall then reside or be, within Twenty one Days after the Delivery of such Notices, and shall also deliver to them respectively a Declaration where they, or the Persons to whom such Servants, or other Male Persons before described, Carriages, Horses, Mules or Dogs, do belong, have been assessed for that Year to the Duties hereby made payable, together with the usual Place or Places of Abode of themselves, or of the Persons to whom the Servants, or other Male Persons before described, Carriages, Horses, Mules and Dogs, under their Care, Superintendence and Management, do belong, and the Names of such Persons; or in case no such Assessment, or no sufficient Assessment, shall then have been made, then where they or the Persons to whom such Servants, or other Male Persons before described, Carriages, Horses and Mules, do belong, shall have delivered their Lists, in order to their being so assessed under the like Penalties as are herein imposed on Persons chargeable with the said Duties for not delivering Lists in the Parishes and Places where they respectively reside; and every Person who shall appear by such Return, or otherwise, not to have been assessed in the full Sum of which he or she ought to be assessed, or not to have returned the Lists hereby required for the Purpose of being so assessed in some other Parish or Place in Great Britain, or who shall not make any such Return, may be

chargeable to all the said Duties by this Act made payable, and for which Returns ought to be made, either in the Parish or Place where such last mentioned Notice shall have been delivered, in like Manner as if such Person actually resided in such Parish or Place, or in the Parish or Place where such Persons shall have their ordinary Residence; and if any Person on whom such Notice shall have been served shall remove from such Parish or Place, without having delivered such List or Declaration, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XL. And be if further enacted, That every Person letting to Hire any Horses in such Manner as not to be chargeable to the

10 Stamp

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

363

Stamp Office Duty made payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, or letting any Servants or Carriages, shall annually return a List of the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages and Horses, kept by him or her at any Time in the prior Year, in like Manner, and within and for the like Period, and under the like Penalties, as Returns of other Servants, Carriages and Horses, subject to the Duties by this Act made payable, are directed to be made; and every such List shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons for whose Use or in whose Service such Servants, Carriages and Horses, shall have been or shall be employed, and the Number of each let to Hire to every such Person, and the Period of each Letting, according to the Number of Servants, Carriages and Horses, which shall or ought to be contained in such List, the said Duties by this Act made payable shall be charged on the Person or Persons letting or hiring such Servants, Carriages, and Horses as the Case may require.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person shall hire or shall have hired any Horses, in such Manner that the Stamp Office Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, shall not be chargeable on such Letting, or shall hire or shall have hired any Servants or Carriages, then such Hirer shall annually return a List of the greatest Number of such Servants, Carriages and Horses, to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place or Parishes or Places where such Hirer shall reside or be at the Time such Return ought to be made, as the Case may require, in like Manner, and within and for the like Period, and under the like Penalties as Returns of other Servants, Carriages and Horses, exempted from the said annual Duties by this Act, are directed to be made; and every such List shall specify the Name and Place of Abode of the Person or Persons by whom such Servants, Carriages and Horses, shall have been or shall be let to Hire, and the Period of each Letting.

[§ 49. post, ']

XLII. And be it further enacted, That where any Horses shall have been, or shall be let to Hire, in such Manner as not to render the Person or Persons letting the same liable to the said Stamp Office Duty, or where any Servants or Carriages shall be let to Hire, and the Hirer of such Servants, Horses or Carriages, shall not make such Return as by this Act is required, then and in such Case the Duties chargeable in respect thereof for One Year, shall and may be charged upon and paid by the Person or Persons hiring such Servants, Carriages and Horses, by the Surcharge of the Assessor, Surveyor or Inspector, over and above the Penalty incurred for any Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, unless the Person or Persons letting the same shall have been brought into Charge for the same Servants, Carriages and Horses respectively; and if any Dispute shall arise whether the Person or Persons so letting to Hire any Servants, Carriages or Horses, shall have been brought into Charge for the same, the Proof thereof shall be on the Hirer of such Servants, Carriages and Horses, so surcharged, who, on such Surcharge, shall be permitted to allege the same on Oath, or solemn Affirmation, or to prove the same by lawful Evidence to be produced and shewn by him or her:Provided that the Party hiring the same shall not be exempted, unless the Exemption and the Cause thereof shall have been duly returned to the Assessor or Assessors as aforesaid; and in every Case where

so that the Stamp Office Duty shall not be chargeable, or letting Servants or Carriages, to deliver Lists.

Hirers of such Horses, Servants and Carriages, shall return Lists thereof.

Surveyors may surcharge in Default of Returns Hirers of Servants, &c. and progressive Duties for One Year shall be charged on such Hirers, unless on Proof that Parties letting have been charged.

A.D. 1803.

364

Lodging House Keepers, Stable Keepers, Persons letting Horses, Servants or Carriages to Hire, Horse Dealers, Coachmakers, and Dealers in Carriages, to keep Books containing Entries of Persons and Articles chargeable with the Duties, &c.

Books may be inspected and Copies shall be delivered periodically to Assessors.

C. J61. 43° GEO. III.

the said Duties shall be chargeable on the Hirer or Hirers of such Servants, Carriages and Horses, making Default as aforesaid, the progressive Duties made payable thereon, by Schedules C. No. 1.

D. No. 1. and E. No. 1. respectively shall be charged.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That every Inhabitant Householder of any Lodging House, in which there shall be any Lodger residing therein liable to any of the Duties hereby made payable, of which Lists are hereby required to be delivered, shall, from Time to Time, enter in a Book an Account of every Person so liable; and every Livery Stable Keeper, or other Person receiving any Horses or Carriages to stand at Livery, or delivered to him or her to be kept, shall also from time to time enter in a Book an Account of every Carriage or Horse so standing at Livery, or delivered to be kept by him or her; and every Person letting any Horses to Hire in such Manner as not to be chargeable to any Duty payable by Law on Horses let to Hire, or letting any Servants or Carriages, shall also from time to time enter in a Book an Account of such Horses, Servants and Carriages, and the Number thereof, and the Periods of each Letting, and also the Names of such Servants, and the Descriptions of such Carriages; and every Horse Dealer shall also enter in a Book an Account of the Number of Horses kept by him, whether for Sale or Use, distinguishing the Number kept for Sale, and the Number kept for Use, and to what Duty the same are respectively liable; and every such Coach-maker or Maker of such Carriages, shall also enter in a Book the Number and Kinds of Carriages by him built and constructed for Sale, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Number sold, and the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons to whom sold, and the Days on which each Carriage was delivered or sent out of his or her Shop or Warehouse; and every such Seller of Carriages by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid, shall also enter in a Book the Number and Kinds of Carriages sold by him or Tier, distinguishing the Number of Wheels of each, and the Days on which such Carriages were sold respectively; all which Books shall, at all reasonable Times in the Day time, be open to the Inspection of the Assessor, Surveyor, or Inspector of the Place where such Person shall reside as aforesaid; and every Person hereby required to enter and keep such Account respectively, shall, if in

England, Wales and Berwick upon, within Twenty Days

after the Fifth Day of July and the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, and within Twenty Days after the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of October in every subsequent Year, and if in Scotland, within Twenty Days after the Twenty ninth Day of September, and the Twenty fifth Day of March yearly,

deliver a true Copy in Writing, of all and every Entry made in such Book or Books respectively within the preceding Quarter of the Yrear, containing the several Matters and Things before directed, to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where he or she shall reside, for the Use of the Surveyor or Inspector of the said Duties, or to such Surveyor or Inspector; and, when required so to do by such Surveyor or Inspector, every such Person, or his or her chief Servant, Workman or Manager, shall make Oath (or, being a Quaker, an Affirmation) of the Truth of such

Account,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

365

Account, according to the best of his Knowledge and Belief; and every such Copy of the Account to be delivered by such Person, shall, to the best of his or her Knowledge and Belief, express the Christian and Surname of every Person required to be entered in such Account, and the Place or Places of his, her or their usual Residence; and if any such Person shall neglect to keep such Account, or to deliver such Copy thereof, or shall wilfully omit any Description which ought to be contained therein, he or she so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall cause to be prepared and issued to every Person applying for the same, and leaving his or her Name and Place of Abode in Writing at the Office for Taxes, or with any Surveyor of the said Duties for the District where the Person making such Application shall reside, proper Forms for entering the Accounts hereinbefore required to be made of Lodgers, and of the Carriages and Horses standing at Livery, or delivered to Stable Keepers or other Persons to be kept, and of the Servants kept by them, and also of Servants, Carriages and Horses, let to Hire as aforesaid, and of the Horses kept by Horse Dealers, and of Carriages built and constructed and sold by Coachmakers or Makers of such Carriages, and of such Carriages sold by Auction or on Commission as aforesaid; and every such Account shall at the End of each Year (all such Entries as aforesaid being required to be first duly made) be signed by the Party with his own proper Name, in his or her usual Manner of writing or signing the same, and returned to the Assessor or Assessors of the Parish or Place where the Party shall reside, for the Use of the Surveyor or Inspector of the Districts as aforesaid, or to such Surveyor or Inspector as the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall direct, at the Times hereinbefore required; and in Default of such Application, the Party shall be obliged to provide proper Forms for the said Purpose, and shall cause all such Entries to be duly made therein, and the same to be signed and delivered to the Assessor, or Surveyor or Inspector, in like Manner as is before directed for the Accounts issued from the Office for Taxes; and if any Person shall neglect to deliver such Accounts duly filled up and signed, within the Times limited as aforesaid for making such Returns, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Assessor, Surveyor or Inspector, to whom such Account as aforesaid shall be delivered by any Coachmaker or Maker of Carriages, or by any Seller of Carriages as aforesaid, shall forthwith return to the respective Commissioners a Certificate of the Number of such Carriages, of the several Descriptions herein mentioned by such Persons respectively constructed or sold within the Period of such Account, and the Amount of Duty chargeable on them respectively, and the said Commissioners shall cause an Assessment to be made on the Amount contained in each Certificate, and added to the Assessment of the said other Duties charged in the same Parish or Place, and shall cause the same to be inserted in the Collector’s Duplicate, who shall demand, receive and collect the same, at the

same

Neglect or Omission. Penalty 50l.

Forms for entering such Accounts may be prepared by the Tax Office, and issued to Persons applying

Or the Party shall provide proper Forms.

Penalty 501.

Assessor shall on such Accounts certify Duty on Carriages to Commissioners, who shall make Assessment accordingly.

366

C. 161.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Gate Keepers and Farmers of Post Horse Duties shall permit Surveyors to inspect their Certificates.

Penalty 1001.

List of Persons licensed to let Post Horses shall be annually transmitted to Tax Office.

Persons trading as Horse Dealers at divers Places shall deliver Returns at each Place, &c.

Penalty 201.

Horse Dealers in London, &c. shall be charged there.

Tax Office may cause Lists to be made of Persons having made Returns, or being charged with Duties; Copies whereof

same Times and under the same Warrant as the other Duties are collected by or paid to such Collector.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the respective Days appointed for the Commencement of the said Duties, every Gate Keeper of or upon any Turnpike Road, by whom any Certificate shall be filed of any Horses let to Hire, in such Manner as not to subject the Hirer thereof to any Stamp Office Duty, payable by the Laws then in Force, and every Collector or Farmer of the said Stamp Office Duty, to whom such Certificate shall be delivered by such Gate Keeper, according to the Laws then in Force, shall at all seasonable Times permit the Surveyors or Inspectors of the said Duties by this Act made payable, to inspect such Certificate gratis, and to take Copies thereof, or of such Parts thereof, or Extracts from the same, as the said Surveyor shall think necessary for securing the Payment of the said Duties; and if any Person shall wilfully refuse to permit such Inspection, or such Copy to be taken, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Name and Place of Abode of every Person licensed to let Post Horses by the Commissioners for managing the Duties on Stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, under the Laws in Force, shall annually be transmitted to the Office for the Affairs of Taxes by the said Commissioners, whenever the said Duties shall not be let to farm, or otherwise, by the Farmers and Collectors of the said Duties.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person who hath or shall have divers Places in Great Britain, whereat he or she shall use or exercise the Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, and is or may be desirous of paying the said Duties at One of such Places, such Places not being within different Limits, as set forth in the said Schedule marked (H) , subjecting him or her to different Duties, shall be obliged to deliver a Declaration at each of such Places, declaring therein the particular County and Parish or Place where he or she intends or ought to be charged for the said Duty, to enable the Assessor or Assessors at such Place to charge the same accordingly; on Pain that every Person offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned shall be chargeable at either Place, and for Neglect in making such Return shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; provided that every Person exercising the said Trade in London, Westminster, the Liberties of the same, the Parishes of

Saint Mary le bone and Saint Pancras in the county of ,

the weekly Bills of Mortality, or the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surry shall be charged and pay the Duties in respect thereof in such of the said Places where such Business shall be carried on within the last mentioned Limits, and not elsewhere.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes to cause such List or Lists of Names and Places of Abode of Persons having made Returns in pursuance of this Act, or of Persons charged to the Duties by this Act made payable, to be made out for the Purpose of being inspected by any Person or Persons who shall make Application to inspect the same, as to them shall seem necessary

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

367

for the better Execution of this Act, and to authorize Copies of such Lists, or any Part thereof, to be made out, in such Manner by the several Inspectors, Surveyors and Officers employed under them, and at such Times as to such Commissioners shall seem fit; all which Lists and Copies, signed by any Inspector, Surveyor or other Officer aforesaid, authorized by the said Commissioners, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts, and before all Persons acting in the Execution of this Act, and for which Copies the Fee of One Shilling, and no more, may be taken for the Return of each Person contained therein.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, under the Direction of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, from time to time, to publish or cause to be published, in the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Cities, Towns, Parishes and Places respectively, Lists containing the Names of any Persons charged to the Duties made payable by this Act, and to cause the same to be published in such Manner as they shall direct; and if any Person shall wilfully tear, deface or remove any List of any such Names, or any Part of such Lists that shall be affixed by Order of such Commissioners as aforesaid upon any Church or Chapel Door, or Market Cross, he or she shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person rated and assessed to any of the said Duties made payable by this Act, shall remove out of the Limits of the Collectors of the said Duties who shall be charged to collect the same, without first paying or discharging, or causing to be paid or discharged, all the Duties charged upon him or lier, and which shall then be due and payable, and without leaving within such Limits sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon the said Duties in Arrear may be raised and levied, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay over and above the said Duties so left unpaid as aforesaid the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Occupier of any Dwelling House, or distinct Apartment as aforesaid, who shall not return a List of Persons residing with him or her as aforesaid, or shall omit any Person who ought to have been included therein, and who to his or her Knowledge shall have worn Hair Powder, or used any Armorial Bearing or Ensign within the Period for which the Return should be made, shall be liable to Prosecution for the Penalty hereby inflicted, and be deemed guilty thereupon, whether it shall appear that the Person so omitted, or not returned, hath or hath not for himself or herself made a Return at the same or any other Place, or hath or hath not been prosecuted for any Offence against this Act, or is or is not amenable to Justice therefor; and the Conviction of any Person for not returning or omitting any such Person as aforesaid, shall not be deemed to exempt the Person so omitted or not returned from paying the Duty by this Act imposed, or from Prosecution or Punishment for any Offence against this Act; provided that any Person residing in any Dwelling House at the Time of making such Return, as a Lodger or Inmate, who shall elsewhere have his or her Place of ordinary

Residence,

shall be Evidence.

Lists of Persons charged may be published.

Defacing such Lists.

Penalty 5l.

Removing without Payment of Duties, &c.

Penalty 20b

Penalty on Housekeeper omitting to return Lodger having worn Hair Powder, &c. recovered, though the Lodger make his Return, &c,

368

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons fraudulently escaping Taxation may be charged Treble the Duties at any Time within One Year.

Parents and Guardians to pay Duties charged upon Infants, and Executors, &c. Assessments on Persons deceased.

Duties charged on Landlords under Schedules (A.) and (B.) may be levied on Occupier, who may deduct the Amount out of Rent.

Residence, shall be returned as ordinarily residing in such other Place.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who ought to be charged by virtue of this Act shall, by changing his or her Place of Residence, or by any other Fraud or Covin, escape from the Taxation, and not be charged, and the same be proved before the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act, or any Two or more of them, where such Person dwelleth or resideth at any Time within One Year next after such Charge ought to have been made, every Person that shall so escape from the Taxation and Payment shall be charged (upon Proof thereof) at Treble the Value of so much as he or she should or ought to have been charged at by this Act, the said Treble Value to be charged in the Assessment on such Person, and on Nonpayment thereof, to be letied on the Goods, Lands and Hereditaments of such Persons.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Person or Persons chargeable with the Duties hereby made payable as aforesaid, shall be under the Age of Twenty one Years, or where any Person so chargeable shall die, in every such Case the Parents and Guardians of such Infants respectively, upon Default of Payment by such Infants, and the Executors and Administrators of the Persons so dying shall be and are hereby made liable to and charged with the Payments which the said Infants ought to have made, and the Persons so dying were chargeable with; and if such Parents or Guardians, or such Executors or Administrators, shall neglect or refuse to pay as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to proceed against them in like Manner as against any other Person or Persons making Default of Payment of the Duties hereby made payable; and all Parents and Guardians, making Payment as aforesaid, shall be allowed all and every Sum and Sums paid for such Infants, in his, her or their Accounts; and all Executors and Administrators shall be allowed to deduct all such Payments out of the Assets and Effects of the Person so dying.

LV. And be it further enacted, That where in the Assessment of any Parish, Ward or Place, by virtue of the Rules contained in Schedules (A.) or (B.) , the said Duties shall be charged on the Landlord or Landlords or Owners of any Dwelling Houses let in different Apartments, Stories, Tenements, Lodgings, Lands or Landings, and not on the respective Occupiers thereof, and the Landlords or Owners shall not reside in such Parish or Place, or shall not have sufficient Goods or Chattels in such Parish or Place whereon the Duties so assessed shall or may be levied, and such Landlords or Owners shall not have paid the said Duties, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors to demand the same of and from the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, or any of them, and on Nonpayment thereof shall and may levy the said Duties on the Goods and Chattels of such Tenants and Occupiers respectively, by Distress and Sale as aforesaid, as if the said Duties were charged on such Tenants and Occupiers; and such Tenants and Occupiers are hereby required and authorized to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so assessed, and to deduct out of the Rent of such Apartments, Stories, Tenements, Lodgings, Lands or Landings, such Payments as the Landlords and Owners have been charged with; and the

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

369

said Landlords and Owners, both mediate and immediate, according to their respective Interests, are hereby required to allow such Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of the Rent, and every such Tenant and Occupier shall be acquitted and discharged of so much Money as the said Assessment or Assessments shall amount unto, as if the same had actually been paid unto such Landlords or Owners.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in Wales or Parishes in

Berwick upon Tweed, the Ward, Parish or Place in which any England in Assessment shall be made of the said Duties shall be answerable which Assess-for the Amount of the Duties which shall be charged in such ^Q^nsw^r-Ward, Parish or Place, and for the said Duties being duly de- aj, ie for the manded of the respective Persons charged therewith, within Ten Duties, and for Days after the same are payable by virtue of this Act, by the Col- Payment by-lector or Collectors of such Ward, Parish or Place; and also for Collectors such Collector or Collectors, his, her or their Executors or Ad- andc^ barite ministrators, duly paying the Sums received by such Collector or Collectors, to the Receiver General of the said Duties, according to this and the said first recited Act; and every Arrear of the said Duties arising from the Default as aforesaid, or by the Failure of any Collector for which any Ward, Parish or Place as aforesaid shall be answerable, shall be reassessed within or upon such Ward, Parish or Place, as soon after such Default shall be discovered as conveniently can be done, and shall respectively be charged on the Amount of the Assessment which shall be made for the same Duties in the Year commencing from the Fifth Day of April preceding the Time of making such Reassessment, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Arrear amongst the several Persons assessed in that Year to the same Duties respectively on which such Arrear Arrears shall be shall have accrued, according to each Person’s Assessment thereof, reassessed, as nearly as the Case will admit, and by the like Rules, Methods and Directions by which the original Assessment was made of the same Duties, to be raised and levied in such Manner as any Assessment may be by this Act raised and levied.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Duties assessed in Scotland shall not be paid to the Receiver General by reason of any Failure of the Collector, either in the Performance of his Duty, or in not paying over the Monies received by him according to the Directions of this and the said last recited Act, and any Deficiency shall remain after Diligence used against such Collector, or his Surety or Sureties, or in case of Death, against his Executors or Administrators, then and in such Case the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the Shire,

Stewartry, City or Borough in Scotland, where such Failure has happened, shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause the deficient Sum to be reassessed as soon after such deficient Sum has been ascertained as can be done, upon those Persons subjected to the Payment of the like Duties in the Year when the Reassessment shall be made, by duly apportioning the Amount of such Deficiency amongst them according to each Person’s Assessment, as near as the Case will admit, and by like Rules and Modes by which the original Assessments were made of the Duties assessed in that Year; which Sum so reassessed 43 Geo. III. B b shall

Deficiencies of Duties in Scotland arising from Failure or Default of Collectors under this Act and c. 150. ante, shall be reassessed.

370

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

No assessment to Poor’s Rate &c. for Duties under this Act.

Payment of Duties not to .confer a Settle^ inent.

Assessors, &c. allowed to examine Houses

of Windows. Constables to assist.

shall be levied and collected in such Manner as the said Duties may be raised and levied in Scotland.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged or assessed to the Poor's Rate or Contribution for the Poor, or to the Highway Duty, or Commutation of Statute Labour, for or in respect of any Duties made payable by this Act, but that such Owners and Occupiers shall continue to be rateable to the said Rates, Contributions and Duties, in such Manner as they might have been rated and assessed to the same respectively, before the passing of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Payment of any of the Duties made payable by this Act, by any Person or Persons, in any Parish or Place, shall not entitle the Person or Persons so paying such Duties to a Settlement in such Parish or Place.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the several Assessors, Inspectors and Surveyors, so as aforesaid appointed or to be ap-twicea Year to P°*ntec^> and every of them, shall have full Power, at seasonable ascertain Rent Times, taking to his or their Assistance in all Cases when the same and Number shall be necessary, a Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or and Dimensions other Officer of the respective Parishes or Places within that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, who are hereby required to assist such Officers accordingly, to view and examine each Dwelling House, in order to ascertain the Number of Windows or Lights therein, and the Dimensions thereof, and the Annual Rent at which the same Dwelling House ought to be charged; and for so doing shall have Liberty to pass through any House or Houses, and to go into any Court, Yard, Back Side or Premises thereunto belonging, and externally to view and inspect the Windows or Lights in any such House or Houses, and the Premises occupied therewith, and to measure such Windows or Lights externally, that cannot be conveniently seen, numbered or measured without passing through such House or Houses; and shall also have Liberty to make like View, Examination and Inspection twice in the Year during the Continuance of this Act; and if any Dispute shall arise touching the Dimensions of any Window or Light, the Proof thereof shall lie upon the Occupier or Occupiers, who shall cause the same to be duly admeasured at his and their proper Costs, and verified before Two or more of the said Commissioners, on the Oath or Affirmation of the Person admeasuring the same.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Dwelling House shall be divided into distinct Tenements, requiring each Tenement to be separately assessed, it shall be lawful for the said Assessors, Surveyors and Inspectors, and every of them, to take an Account of the Number of Windows in each distinct Tenement, and for that Purpose shall have Liberty to enter into the same, and to view, number and measure the Windows therein, as well internally as externally.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Assessors acting in the Execution of this Act, shall bring in their Certificates of Assessments in Writing under their Hands, within the Time sessments for all limited by the said recited Act of the present Session of Parlia-the Duties, with ment^ to be verified as therein directed, of every Dwelling House, Person^cfaim- inhabited or not inhabited, within the Limits of those Places for ingExemptions, which they are to act, and of the Number of Windows or Lights in

21 each

Proof of Dimensions of Windows on Occupier.

Distinct Tenements may be examined in like Manner.

Assessors to bring in Certificates of As

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

371

each House, and the full and just yearly Rent which every such &c. according Dwelling House, with the Offices and Premises hereby charged, is the Regula-really worth, estimated according to this Act, together with the ° c’99* Names and Surnames of the several Occupiers or Inhabitants of each Dwelling House, and also the greatest Number of Male Servants or other Male Persons herein described, Carriages, Horses,

Mules and Dogs, which shall have been retained, kept or used, within the then preceding Year, for which the Persons retaining, keeping or using the same, ought to be assessed to any of the Duties made payable by this Act for the current Year, within the Limits of those Places for which they act, and the Names and Surnames of the several Persons who shall have retained, kept or used the same; and also the Names and Surnames of all Persons within such Limits liable to the Duties, in respect of their Trade or Business of an Horse Dealer, or of their Trade or Business of a Coachmaker, or Maker of Carriages, or Seller of Carriages by Auction, or on Commission, or in respect of Hair Powder, or any Armorial Bearings or Ensigns worn or used by them, and of the several Sums of Money they respectively ought to pay by virtue of this Act, in each Case respectively, without Concealment or Favour; and also the Names and Surnames of those who have claimed Exemptions from the said Duties or any of them, and the Causes of such Exemption, under the Penalty contained in the said recited Act, observing therein, as to the Time of bringing in such Certificates, the Regulations of the said recited Act.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyors or In- Inspectors and spectors appointed or to be appointed as herein mentioned, shall Surveyors may be, and they are hereby empowered to inspect and examine all inspect, examine and every the Returns of Lists or Declarations made by any Per- tunismid As" son or Persons chargeable to the said Duties, or any of them, ac- sessments, and cording to the Directions of this Act, and also all and every the may amend the Assessments of the said Duties, or any of them, made for any latter before al-Parish or Place, as well before as after the Commissioners shall loye.d b7 Com-have signed and allowed the said Assessments, and before such nussioners> Allowance, to correct and amend such Assessments, if he or they shall see fit; and every Person in whose Custody any such Lists shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of any such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to deliver the same into his Custody for the Purposes of this Act, taking his Receipt for the same; and every Person in whose Custody any such Assessment shall be, shall and is hereby required, upon the Request of such Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, to produce the same; and such Surveyor or Inspector is hereby authorized to take Charge of the same, until he shall have taken such Copies of or Extracts from the same, as may be necessary for his and their better Information; and if any such Surveyor or Inspector shall, after any such List and after Al-or Lists, and Assessment or Assessments, shall be so respectively lowance may made out, signed and allowed as aforesaid, find or discover upon cfrtify Omis-his Survey or Examination or otherwise, that any Person who ^of Sur^ ought to be charged with the said Duties, or any of them, shall Xarge; have been omitted to be charged therewith, or shall have been & under rated, or that any Person liable to the said Duties, or any of them, in respect of which such Lists or Declarations as aforesaid ought to have been delivered, hath not made any Return, as by

B b 2this

372

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

which Surcharge (on Oath being made of Notice to the Party) Commissioners shall allow.

Notice of Surcharge to Parties.

Surcharges made as under cc. 99 & 150. ante, in the full Amount of Duties in Schedules (A.) , (B.) , and in Double the other Duties.

Assessments or Surcharges not impeached on account of Mistakes in Names or Descriptions.

this Act is required, or hath omitted any Person, or any Description, or any Article, Matter or Thing, which ought to have been returned, so that he or she shall not have been charged to the Amount which ought to be paid by him or her, or that any Exemption shall have been claimed which is not allowed by this Act, then, and in every such Case, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall certify the same in Writing under his Hand, together with an Account of every Default and Omission, with the Name or Description of the Person or Thing not returned or omitted, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and the full Amount of the Duty which ought to be paid by way of Surcharge, to any Two or more of the said Commissioners for putting in Execution this Act, in order to have such Default, Omission or Underrate rectified in the said Assessment; and such Commissioners are, upon the Delivery of any such Certificate, and upon Oath being first made that such Notice as hereinafter directed was given to, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or other Place of Abode of the Person so surcharged, required to sign and allow the said Surcharges, and to cause the said Assessments to be rectified, and the said Duties to be levied accordingly; and the said Inspectors and Surveyors shall give or cause to be given to every Person so surcharged, or leave or cause to be left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode in the District where such Surcharge was made, Notice in Writing of such Surcharge, and of the Amount for which he or she shall have been charged by virtue of such Certificate, which Surcharges the said Inspectors and Surveyors are hereby empowered to make from time to time, and at such Times as is directed by the said recited Acts respectively of the present Session of Parliament; and such Surcharges shall be made in the full Amount of the Duty which ought to be charged by virtue of such Certificate, in respect of the Duties contained in Schedules (A.)and (B.) , and in Double the Amount of the Duty which ought to be charged by virtue of such Certificate, in respect of all or any of the Duties contained in the other Schedules to this Act annexed. §71.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Assessment or Surcharge made or to be made by any Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, by virtue of this Act, shall be impeached or affected by reason of any Mistake or Variance in the Christian or Surname, or either of them, of any Person liable to any of the Duties made payable by this Act, or of any Servant or other Male Person herein described, or in the Description of their Employments, nor by reason of any Mistake in the Description of any Carriage, Horse, Mule or Dog, as required by this Act, or the Amount of the Duty surcharged, whether such Mistake or Variance shall appear in the Notice and Certificate to be delivered or made in such Case, or in either of them; but that all such Assessments and Surcharges shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, notwithstanding any such Mistake or Variance, provided the Notice of Surcharge be delivered to, or left at the Place of Abode of the Person intended to be so surcharged, according to the Directions of this Act, and the Person or Persons intended to be described, shall be liable to the said Duties, or shall be a Servant or Servants of, or otherwise employed by the Person or Persons so surcharged, or the Carriage, Horse, Mule or Dog, intended

i»° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

C. 161.

37 3

making a Return on Oath, to Satisfaction of Surveyor, to be signified by his Certificate:

or on Objection of Surveyor, As-

tended to be described, shall belong to, or the Duty intended to be described shall be chargeable on such Person or Persons.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Surcharge may Person to whom such Notice of Surcharge shall be given as afore- be avoided by said, on Occasion of his or her having neglected to make any Return as required by this Act, at any Time previous to the Time appointed for hearing Appeals next after the Delivery of such Notice, to make out and deliver to the Surveyor or Inspector who shall have delivered the Notice of Surcharge, a true, perfect and complete List or Lists, or Declaration or Declarations, in the Forms directed by this Act, and as the Case may require, so that he or she may from such last mentioned Lists or Declarations, so delivered be charged to the said Duties the full Sum at which he or she ought to be charged by virtue of this Act; provided that to every such List or Declaration there shall be annexed an Affidavit in Writing to the Effect hereinafter mentioned; and if the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be satisfied with such List or Declaration, and Affidavit, then he shall certify such Return and Affidavit to Two or more of the said Commissioners, with the Amount of the Duty to be charged, who shall thereupon cause the Assessment to be made according to such Certificate, and the same Rate of Duty as set forth in the Schedules to this Act annexed, to be charged on the Person making such Return, without further Trouble or Delay; but if upon Examination of such List or Declaration, or such Affidavit, the said Surveyor or Inspector shall see just Cause sessments shall to object thereto, he shall thereupon certify such Return and Af- ^oiible Dut fidavit, together with the Cause of his Objection, to Two or more subject toU.Ap-of the said Commissioners, who shall thereupon cause the Assess- peal, ment to be made according to such last mentioned Certificate in Double the Amount of the Duty at which such Person shall be surcharged; and from which Charge no Abatement shalfbe made on any Pretence, unless on Appeal as hereinafter is directed; of which Certificate, Notice shall be given by the Surveyor to the Person to be charged thereby. (a) [See § 56. ante.']

LXVI. And be if further enacted, That every such Affidavit FormofAffi-shall allege and declare in Substance, or to the Effect as follows, davit to be an-(that is to say) , That the Deponent was not at his or her Dwelling nexedto Return. House or other Place of Abode at the Time appointed for the Fixing or Delivery of General or other Notice, for making a Return as required by this Act, nor between that Day and the Time limited for making such Return to the Assessor, and that he or she had not any such Notice; or, that he or she was disabled by Sickness from making such Return; or, that the Nondelivery of such Return was occasioned by the following unavoidable Mistake or Accident, without any Intention to defraud the Revenue, videlicet [Here set forth the Cause of such D fault], and that the

Return annexed to this Affidavit is a full, perfect and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Deponent by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgment; which Affidavit may be taken before any One or more of the Commissioners acting for the Place where the Surcharge shall be made, or where the Party surcharged shall reside, and shall be signed by the Party making the same.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for On Omissions

B b 3 any m Returns Su?-

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

374

charge may be avoided by new Return on Oath, (and Proceedings as under § 65. ante) *

Form of Affidavit in Aid of defective Returns.

Appeals how heard.

Persons overcharged may appeal.

any Person to whom such Notice of Surcharge shall be given on Occasion of his or her having omitted in the Return made any Person or Description, or any Article, Matter or Thing which ought to have been contained therein, or of having claimed any Exemption not allowed by this Act, to amend such Return, by delivering to the Surveyor or Inspector as aforesaid, a new Return according to the Directions before given, to which an Affidavit shall be annexed to the Effect hereinafter mentioned; and the said Surveyor or Inspector shall be at Liberty to certify his Satisfaction therewith, or his Objection thereto, in the Manner hereinbefore directed, acccording to which Certificate the Party surcharged shall be assessed in the single Duty to the full Amount at which he or she shall be chargeable, or in the double Duty on the Amount of the Duty so surcharged, as the Case may require, subject to the like Power of Appeal from such Charge in the double Duty, and to the like Proceedings in all other Respects, as are before given and directed.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such last mentioned Affidavit shall allege and declare the Grounds and Cause of each Omission, or Claim of Exemption, as well to Matter of Law as Fact, whether the Deponent shall persist in such Omission or Claim or not, and also that the R.eturn annexed to this Affidavit is a full, perfect and complete Return of all Matters and Things required of the said Deponent by this Act, to the best of his or her Judgment and Belief, and that such Omission or Claim was not made with Intention to defraud the Revenue, which said last mentioned Affidavit shall be made and signed in the Manner before directed.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That an Appeal may be made from any Assessment or Surcharge as aforesaid, and heard and determined under the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively, and that such Appeal may be made in the like Cases as are mentioned in the said recited Acts respectively, and also in the Case hereinafter mentioned.

[§ 70.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves respectively overcharged or overrated by any Certificate of any Inspector or Surveyor as aforesaid, or by any Assessment to be made by virtue or in pursuance of such Certificate, it shall be lawful for him, her or them

Lists on Oath required in Appeals.

Assessment shall be made in double Duty where Surcharge confirmed on Appeal, &e»;

respectively, to appeal to the said Commissioners in such Manner as they are authorized to appeal from any original Assessment or Surcharge by the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively; and upon the Hearing of any such Appeal, or the Appeal against any such original Assessment or Surcharge, the Appellant shall in all Cases where a List or Declaration shall or ought to have been delivered by the said Appellant to the Assessor, produce before the said Commissioners a true, perfect and complete List or Lists, and Declaration or Declarations, as the Case may require, and verify the same on his or her Oath or Affirmation.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon every Surcharge confirmed by the said Commissioners on Appeal, according to the Regulations of the said recited Acts respectively, and also upon every Surcharge allowed by the said Commissioners upon the Certificate of the Surveyor or Inspector, as directed by this Act, (except in Cases where sufficient Returns, upon Affidavit, have

been

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 1

375

been supplied as aforesaid,) the Assessments shall be made in Double the Rates of Duty prescribed in the Schedules annexed to this Act, on the Amount of the Duty so surcharged, which Sum shall be added to the Assessment, and inserted in the Duplicates of the Collectors, and collected and levied therewith, and paid to the Receiver General: Provided always, that upon every such Appeal, if the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion that there was any just Cause of Controversy on the Part of the Appellant on the Subject Matter of Appeal, and that the alleged Default, Neglect, Omission or Claim, was not wilfully made, and with Intention to defraud the Revenue, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners who shall have determined the said Appeal, although they shall have confirmed or allowed the Surcharge, at the same Time to remit and strike off any Part of the double Duty, not exceeding One Moiety of the Charge above the Rates of Duty prescribed by the said Schedules; and the Assessor, Surveyor or Inspector, so making such Surcharge, shall be and is hereby entitled to, and shall have and receive for his own Use, from the Receiver General to whom the Duties shall be paid, the Overplus of the Sum so charged above the said Rates of Duty, as prescribed in the said Schedules, which Overplus the Commissioners for executing this Act, who shall have confirmed such Surcharge, or any Two or more of them, shall at the same Meeting certify under their Hands to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and the Certificate of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes shall be a Warrant to the said Receiver General to pay the same.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Inspector or Surveyor shall wilfully make any false and vexatious Surcharge, or wilfully deliver or cause to be delivered to the Commissioners for executing this Act any false and vexatious Certificate of Charge, every such Inspector or Surveyor shall forfeit to the Party aggrieved any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be recovered bjr Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at, for Offences committed in England, and in the Court of Great Sessions for Offences committed in Wales, and in the Courts of Session or Exchequer for Offences committed in Scotland, with full Costs of Suit: Provided always, that nothing hereinbefore contained, nor any Suit by the Party aggrieved, in pursuance of this Act, shall be construed to affect, impeach or defeat any Action or Information brought or to be brought against any Surveyor or Inspector, in pursuance of the said recited Acts respectively, for any corrupt, vexatious or illegal Practices in the Execution of his Office; and it shall be lawful for the Judge before whom such Inspector or Surveyor shall have been convicted of such Offence, by Indorsement on the Postea, or for the Court before whom such Person shall be convicted, to mitigate the Penalty at his or their Discretion.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, or the Persons appealing either against the original Assessment or Surcharge, or against the Certificate of the Inspector or Surveyor as aforesaid, or against the Assessment to be made thereupon,

but Commissioners may remit not exceeding One Moiety.

Inspector, &c. to receive Overplus above the Elates of Duty.

Inspector or Surveyor making false or vexatious Surcharge, &c. Penalty.

Proviso for Action against Surveyor under c. 90. § 23. or c-150. §19. ante.

Mitigated Penalty.

Assessors, &c. or Appellants may demand a Case for Opinion of Judge.

376

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

If Surcharge confirmed, As sessment. to be in the double Duty, &c. as on Appeal.

Instalments due previous to Judge’s Opinion to be levied.

40?. Costs on Appellant having demanded a Case, if Surcharge confirmed.

"When Cases obtained by Inspectors, &c. not returned within the Time for delivering Duplicates to Re ceivers-General* &c. Commissioners shall make separate

shall apprehend the Determination made by the said Commissioners to be contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and shall then declare himself or herself dis-satisfied with such Determination, it shall be lawful to and for such Assessor or Assessors, Surveyor or Surveyors, Inspector or Inspectors, or Appellant respectively, to require the said Commissioners to state specially, and to sign the Case upon which the Question arose, together with the Determination thereupon, which Case the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them then present, are hereby required to state, and sign accordingly, and to cause the same to be delivered to the Party making such Request as aforesaid, to be by him or her transmitted, if in England, Wales or Berwick, to

One of the Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or to One of the Barons of the Court of Exchequer for the time being at Westminster, and if in Scotland to One of the Lords of the Court of Session, or the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and every such Judge is hereby required, with all convenient Speed, to return an Answer to such Case so transmitted, with his Opinion thereon subscribed thereto, according to which Opinion so certified, the Assessment which shall have been the Cause of such Appeal shall be altered or confirmed:Provided always, that where the Opinion of such Judge shall be in Support of any Surcharge, the Assessment thereupon shall be made in the double Duty, or shall be mitigated to such Sum as shall have been determined by the Commissioners at the Time of the Appeal: Provided also, that notwithstanding any such Case so transmitted to any of the said Judges, the Instalment on the Assessment as determined and allowed by the said Commissioners, which shall become due precedent to the Opinion being certified by any such Judge upon such Case, shall be collected and levied as if no such Case had been transmitted. \_See as to return

of Monies overpaid, 45 G.3. c. 71. § 3.]

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if, according to the Opinion of any of the said Judges to whom any Case shall, at the Request of the Appellant or Appellants, be transmitted in pursuance of any of the Directions contained in this Act, the Charge or Surcharge upon which the Question contained in such Case shall have arisen shall be confirmed and established, the Person or Persons so charged or surcharged shall, for the Costs and Charges attending the same, pay to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, the Sum of Forty Shillings, in Addition to the Assessment or Surcharge so confirmed and established as aforesaid, and which Costs shall be added to such Assessment, and levied and collected therewith, and as Part of the Duties so assessed.

LXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whenever any Case or Cases to be transmitted to any of the said Judges for his or their Opinion thereon, in the Manner directed by this Act, shall have been obtained by any Inspector or Inspectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, or Assessor or Assessors, by reason of any Surcharge or Surcharges, or any Certificate not being allowed by the Commissioners for executing this Act, and the same shall not be returned within the Time hereby limited for delivering the Duplicates to the Receivers General, and the Office of the King’s Remembrancer, whereby the passing of the

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161. 377

Accounts of the Receivers General may be impeded, it shall be Assessments lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby required to and Duplicates, cause to be made out the Duplicates of the several Assessments required to be delivered to the respective Receivers General, and into the Office of the King’s Remembrancer, exclusive of the Sums so depending, to the End that there may be no Delay in paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer the Sums assessed and fully charged; and that upon the Return of such Opinion, whenever the same shall happen, the said Commissioners shall cause separate Assessments to be made out, including therein the Names of the Party or Parties in the Case or Cases so transmitted, and the Amount of the Sums wherewith the Party or Parties ought to be charged, according to such Opinions so returned; and the Sums so assessed to be levied in like Form and Manner as any Assessments may be levied, and to be paid to the respective Receivers General; and shall also cause true supplemental Duplicates of all such separate Assessments to be made out as soon as conveniently may be done, and delivered unto the respective Receivers General, and also transmitted into the Office of the King’s Remembrancer, for which supplemental Duplicates, the proper Officers shall give Acquittances gratis, so as every of them may be duly charged to answer the whole of their respective Collections and Receipts.

LXXVI. And, to the End that no Person may pay the same Duties for the same Articles in more Parishes or Districts than ‘ One for the same Year, ’ Be it further enacted, That if any Person having been assessed under this Act in One Parish or Dis- Commissioners trict to the Duties made payable by this Act, or any of them, may grant Reshall be again assessed in another Parish or District for the same Jjef " of Cause and on the same Account, in such Case the Commissioners n^t e ssess" for this Act within such latter Parish or District, or the Majority of the said Commissioners present, on any Application for the Purpose, may and are hereby required to alter any Assessment of such Person so assessed Twice, on Proof given before them that such Person hath before been assessed for the same Cause, and on the same Account, in another Place, and in what Place specifically, and hath paid or is liable to pay the Duties for the same upon such Assessment, which Proof shall be made by the Oath or Affirmation of the Party, or some credible Witness, that the several Assessments are for the same Cause and on the same Account, and by the Production of either a Copy or Certificate of the First Assessment, signed by Two or more Commissioners of the District for which such First Assessment shall have been made, to be verified on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, which Copy or Certificate the Clerk of the said Commissioners shall deliver gratis to the Party requiring the same; or in Default of such Copy or Certificate, then the Proof thereof shall be made by other Evidence on Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners present, or the Majority of them; and if any Per- Altering Assort shall, by any fraudulent Contrivance whatever, procure any sessment. Assessment to be altered, with Intent to defraud His Majesty,

His Heirs or Successors, of the said Duties, or any Part thereof, Penalty 501. every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Letters Patent, No Letters Pa-

granted tent to be an

378

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Exemption from the Duties.

Treasury may appoint Salaries to Officers, and pay incidental Expences.

Allowances to the Receivers General, Collectors, and Clerks to Commissioners.

C. 161.

granted by the King’s Majesty, or any of His Royal Progenitors, or to be granted by His Majesty to any Person or Persons, Cities, Boroughs or Towns Corporate within this Realm, of any Manner of Liberties, Privileges or Exemptions from Subsidies, Tolls, Taxes, Assessments or Aids, shall be construed or taken to exempt any Person or Persons, City, Borough or Town Corporate, or any of the Inhabitants of the same, from the Burden and Charge of any of the said Duties; and all Nonobstantes in such Letters Patent made or to be made in bar of this Act, are hereby declared to be void and of none Effect; any such Letters Patent, Grants or Charters, or any Clause of Nonobstante, or other Matter or Thing therein contained, or any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That out of the Monies from time to time arisen or to arise of or from the said Duties made payable by this Act, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, now or for the time being, or the High Treasurer for the time being, to settle and appoint such Salaries and Allowances for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Surveyors, Inspectors and other Officers to be employed in the Execution of this Act, and otherwise in relation thereto, and also to discharge such incident Charges and Expences as shall necessarily attend the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, shall think fit and reasonable in that Behalf.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That every Receiver General shall have an Allowance of Two Pence in the Pound for all Monies which shall be by him paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that every Collector shall have Three Pence in the Pound, for what Money he shall pay to the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, within the Time limited by the said recited Act; and that for the careful writing and transcribing the said Assessments, Warrants, Estreats and Duplicates, in due Time, and for the due, speedy and effectually executing all Matters and Things directed to be performed under the said Commissioners, the Clerk of the respective Commissioners, who shall perform the same within the respective Times limited by this Act, shall, by Warrant under the Hands of Two or more of the Commissioners, have and receive from the respective Receivers General, their Deputy or Deputies, Three halfpence in the Pound, of all such Monies as he or they shall have received by virtue of such Warrants or Certificates, who is and are hereby appointed and allowed to pay the same accordingly, provided this Act be carried into Execution in due Time, and in an effectual Manner, for the District in which he shall be appointed the Clerk, and all Warrants or Estreats be made out, and the Duplicates delivered to the said Receiver General, and into the Office of King’s Remembrancer as aforesaid, within the Times limited by this Act, (a) and not otherwise; and no other Person except the Person appointed to be his Assistant as aforesaid, shall, under any Pretence whatever, be entitled to, or receive or take any Part of the Reward hereby given to such Clerk; the Amount whereof shall be apportioned

(a) [See § 75. ante.']

and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

379

and settled by the respective Commissioners; nor shall any such Clerk shall not Clerk or Assistant, under any Pretence whatever, demand, take or take any Pee, receive any Fee, Gratuity or Perquisite, for any Matter or Thing &c-to be done by him or them, by virtue and under the Authority of this Act, from any Person or Persons other than the Receiver General, his Deputy or Deputies, in Manner aforesaid.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That all pecuniary Penalties Penalties reco-and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall and may be sued for, verable as under recovered and applied in such Manner and Form, as is directed by cc. 90. & the said recited Acts respectively in regard to the pecuniary ante *

Penalties and Forfeitures thereby imposed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Collectors shall Time of Pay-pay over the whole of the Sums by them received by virtue of ment of Duties this Act, in Manner and upon the Days of Payment following: that is to say, in England, Wales and Berwick upon, the General and

same shall be paid quarterly unto the respective Receivers General by them into or their respective Deputies within Twenty Days after the re- Exchequer, spective Days appointed for the Payment thereof, at such Places as shall be appointed by such Receivers General, and the said Receivers General shall cause the same to be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, before the End of the Quarter in which the same shall be received, according to the Provisions of the said first recited Act; and in Scotland the same shall be paid Half yearly to the Receiver General at,

videlicet, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of, for the

first Half Year’s Instalment of the said Duties, and on or before the Twenty fourth Day of June for the last Half Year’s Instalment of the said Duties in every Year; and the said Receiver General shall, within Forty Days after the said respective Days, remit and pay the same into the said Receipt, according to the Provisions of the said last recited Act.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies arising Duties carried from the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and ac- to British Con-counting for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid solidated Fund, into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at, dis-

tinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid and payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; but nevertheless without entering the different Proportions thereof in separate Accounts, as directed by any Act or Acts hereby repealed; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain.

tLXXXIII. And Whereas by divers of the said Acts hereby ‘ repealed, it is provided that the New or Additional Duties ‘ thereby granted, should, during the Space of Ten Years then

next ensuing, be kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said

Receipt of Exchequer, in a Book or Books, together with such other Duties as were respectively granted for the Purpose of making permanent Additions to the Public Revenue, and of defraying any Charges occasioned by certain Loans made and

4 Stocks

380

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Stocks erected by Authority of Parliament, and separate and ‘ apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His ‘ Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatever; and Whereas it is expedient that the whole of the Duties contained in each Schedule should be entered in One Account; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That from and after the respective Period appointed for the Commencement of this Act, in the respective Parts of Great Britain herein mentioned, the Monies arising from the Duties contained in the same Schedule shall be paid into the said Receipt in One Sum, and the Account thereof shall be there kept in One Sum; and the Monies arising from each separate Schedule, marked (A, B, C, D, E, F, G, H, I and K.) shall be paid into the said Receipt, separate and distinct from each other; and separate Accounts shall be there kept of the same; provided alwaj^s, that the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, shall, from the respective Periods appointed for the Commencement of this Act, during the Remainder of the Ten Years mentioned in the Acts hereby repealed, in respect of the New or Additional Duties thereby respectively granted, and for the Period of Ten Years from the Commencement of this Act, in respect of the New Duties by this Act granted, cause separate and distinct Accounts of the different Parts of the said Duties, and of the Amount thereof, to be prepared at the Office for Taxes, to be annually laid before Parliament, pursuant to the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for directing certain Public Accounts to be laid annually b fore, and

for discontinuing certain other Forms of Account now in provided always, that a separate Account shall be kept and made out Apportionment of the said New Duties; and that to such Account there shall be of Duties. added, in respect of the New Duties on Windows or Lights granted by this Act, by the Manner of charging the same according to their respective Dimensions, such further Sums as shall appear to be the Increase occasioned thereby, which Increase shall be always taken to be the Excess over and above the several Sums of Three hundred and twenty seven thousand nine hundred Pounds, Five hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, Thirty six thousand Pounds, Thirty six thousand Pounds, Fifty one thousand five hundred Pounds, and Four hundred and forty one thousand four hundred ninety six Pounds, directed by the several Acts hereby repealed, to be entered in separate Accounts in the Books of the said Receipt, and of the further Sum of Four hundred and ninety thousand Pounds, being the computed annual Amount of the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act, passed in the Forty third Year (a) of the Reign of His present Majesty, amounting together to the Sum of One million eight hundred and ninety seven thousand eight hundred and ninety six Pounds; and that the Excess of the said Rates and Duties above the said Sums shall be deemed a permanent Increase to the Public Revenue of Great Britain, for the Purpose of defraying any increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created by Authority of any Act of Parliament' passed in the present Session of Parliament.

Accounts shall be kept of Monies arising from the Duties contained in each Schedule.

Accounts of different Parts of the Duties to be prepared at the Tax Office, and annually laid before Parliament, according to 42 G. 3. c. 70.

(a) Query? [

the recitaly 42 G. 3. c. 34. § 40.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161.

381

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, the several Rates and Duties contained in any of the Acts hereinafter mentioned, in lieu whereof other Duties are hereby substituted, and also such Parts of the several Provisions of the said Acts which relate to the Duties made payable by this Act, or any of them, shall be and are hereby repealed; that is to say,

" 20 G.2. c. 3. for Duties on Houses, Windows and Lights. — 20 G.2. " c. 42. and 21 G.2. c. 10. for amending said Act, 20 G. 2. c. 3. — " 26 G. 2. c. 17.

[niisrecited as an Act of His present for

" Windows in Scotland. — 2 G. 3. c. 8. Duties on Windows. — " 6 G. 3. c. 38. repealing former Duties on Houses, Windows " and Lights, and granting others. — 17 G. 3. c. 39. Duty on Servants. — 18 G.3. c. 26. Duties on Inhabited Houses. — 19 3.

" c. 59. repealing Duties under 18 3. and granting others, and

" amending 17 G. 3. c. 39. as to Servants. — 21 G. 3. c. 31. for " collecting Duty on Servants. — 24 G. 3. (. 2.) c. 31. Duty

" on Horses____24 G. 3. (Sess. 2.) c. 38. Duties on Inhabited

" Houses. — 25 G. 3. c. 43. repealing Duties on Servants, and " granting others. — 25 G. 3. c. 47. transferring Duties from Excise and Stamps to Tax Office. — 26 G. 3. c. 79. for explaining " 25 G.3. c. 47. — 29 G. 3. c. 49. Horses and Carriages. — 32 G. 3. " c. 2. Inhabited Houses, repealing 6 G. 3. c. 38. in Part. — " 36 G. 3. c. 15. New Duty on Horses. — 36 G. 3. c. 16. Additional " Duty.on Horses — 36 G. 3. c. 117* Lights in Dairies. — 36 G. 3. " c. 124. Duties on Dogs. — 37 G. 3. c. 106. additional Duty on " Horses. — 37 G. 3. c. 107. additional Duties on Servants. — <f 37 G. 3. c. 134. further additional Duty on Horses. — 38 G. 3. " c. 40. repealing Duties on Houses, Windows, Lights and Inhabited Houses, and granting others in lieu. — 38 G. 3. 41. re-

" pealing former Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules " and Dogs, and granting others. — 38 G. 3. c. 80. to amend said " c. 41. — 38 G. 3. c. 93. Taxed Carts. — 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. 9. " Horses, additional Duty and Exemption. — 41 G. 3.

" c. 40. Exemption on Horses of Clergymen. — 41 G. 3. (U. Kj " c. 62. exempting Irish Members, &c. from Duties. — 41 G. 3. " (U. A".) c. 69. Duty on Hair Powder and Armorial Bearings " transferred to Tax Office. — 36 G. 3. c. 17. Duty on Horse " Dealers. — 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. 71. Duty on Horse Dealers transferred to Tax Office. — 42 G. 3. 34. Consolidated Duties on

" Windows, Lights and Inhabited Houses. — 42 G. 3. c. 37. Consolidated Duties on Servants, Carriages, Horses, Mules and " Dogs. — 42 G. 3. c. 100. explaining Acts as to Horses, Servants " and Carriages.

And that all the Acts heretofore repealed by any of the said Acts before mentioned to be repealed, shall be deemed to be, and construed also to be and continue repealed, according to the respective Provisions thereof; save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, collecting, paying or accounting for any Arrears of the several Duties hereby repealed, which may become payable on or before the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, and may after that Time remain unpaid, and to the recovering any Penalty or Forfeiture which shall have been then incurred

Repeal of former Duties, and of such Parts of Acts as relate to those Duties.

Except as to Arrears and Penalties, and such Provisions of the said Acts as relate to other Things.

382

C. 161.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Commissioners and other Officers under this Act to levy Arrears of Duties due under the former Acts.

Limitation of Actions, Six Months.

One Month’s Notice.

Tender of Amends.

curred under and by virtue of the said several Acts, or any of them, and the Provisions of the said Acts relating thereto; save also and except such Parts of any of the said Acts which relate to any Matters or Things other than the said Duties, or the Methods of assessing, levying and collecting the same.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Act for the time being (being duly sworn and qualified in that Behalf) , or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby required to cause the Duties granted by any former Act or Acts in force at and immediately before the passing of this Act, which at any Time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four shall not have been charged, or which then shall be in Arrear or unsatisfied, to be charged, raised, assessed, reassessed, levied and collected, as fully and effectually as if the said Act or Acts, and all other Acts relating thereto and herein mentioned to be repealed, had continued in force; and the said Assessors, Collectors and Receivers, appointed or to be appointed to act in the Execution of this Act, shall, after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, assess, reassess, levy, receive and answer the said several Duties, and Arrears of Duties, by the same Ways and Means, and in the same Manner, and under the like Penalties, as are directed and appointed by this or the said recited Act, with respect to raising or levying the said Duties made payable by this Act, and as fully and effectually as in this Act or the said recited Act they are empowered and required with respect to the several Sums by this Act made payable; and the Monies so received by the said Collectors for any such Arrears, shall be paid to the respective Receivers General, where such Arrears shall happen, to the End the same may be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purposes in the said Act or Acts mentioned.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any Act for granting Duties to be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards; and shall be laid in the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and no Writ or Process shall be sued out for the Commencement of such Action or Suit, until One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, by the Attorney or Agent for the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in which Notice shall be clearly and explicitly contained the Cause and Causes of Action, the Name and Place or Places of Abode of the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and of his and their Attorney or Agent; and no Evidence shall be given on the Trial of such Action or Suit of any Cause or Causes of Action, than such as is or are contained in such Notice; and the intended Defendant or Defendants to whom such Notice shall have been delivered, may at any Time before the Expiration of such Calendar Month tender Amends to the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, his or their Attorney or Agent; and in case such Amends are not accepted, may plead

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 161. 383

such Tender in bar to any Action or Suit to be brought against him or them, grounded on such Notice, Writ or Process; and the General Issue. Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and also such Tender, and any other Plea, with Leave of the Court, in bar of such Action or Suit; and may give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be Nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; and if, upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have Treble Costs, the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in any other Case to recover Costs by Law; and every such Action or Suit which shall be brought against any Collector or Collectors appointed under this Act, shall be defended by the Commissioners acting for the Division or Place where such Collector shall have been appointed, and the Costs and Charges attending the same, as Expences of also every other Action or Suit to be brought by or against Com- Actions by or missioners or Collectors in pursuance of this Act, or for any Thing against ^OD"f done in pursuance of this Act, or any Act for granting Duties to bTde- C* be assessed under the Regulations of this Act, shall be defrayed frayed by As-by an Assessment made on the Parish or Place for which such sessment. Collector or Collectors shall have been appointed, in a just Proportion to the Amount of the Duties payable under this Act, on the respective Persons charged to the same in the Assessment to be made next after the Time when the said Costs and Charges shall have been incurred.

LXXXVIL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall com- Commencement mence and take Effect from and after the Fifth Day of April One of the Act* thousand eight hundred and four, as to all Matters and Things, except where Directions are specially given by this Act, in regard to Assessments made or to be made by virtue of any Act or Acts in Force at the Time of passing this Act at any Time after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three, for the present Year, which Provisions shall severally commence and take Effect from the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and three.

" Act may be altered in the present Session. § 88.

The SCHEDULES referred to by the Act of the 43d Year of His present Majesty's Reign.

{The Duties in these Schedules repealed, and other Duties

48 G.3. c. 55.

384

C. 162.

43" GEO. IV. A.D. 1805.

CAP. CLXII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Sums of Money out of the respective Consolidated Funds of Great Britain and Ireland; for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and three; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[12th 1803.]

I. *£.4,000,000 0

2, 500,000 0 612 16

n.

hi.

IV.

V.

j- Out of British Consolidated Fund

3 Surplus in Exchequer for Judges’ Salaries -

37, 169 14 8 Surplus for Bounties on Hemp,

&c. in Great Britain 600,000 0 0 (Irish Currency) out of 1

Consolidated Fund The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt Act - -43 3.

2.000. 000l. — Pensions, .

4.000. 000l. — Exchequer Bills -

Produce of 12,000,000l. Loan (deducting 2,000,000l. for -

Produce of Lottery (deducting

117, 444/. 8s. 11 d.for Ireland) -

Additional Customs -

----Excise -

-i

3.]

4. 36.

Granted to make good Supply for Service of Great Britain, for 1803.

Ditto for

c. 67.

91.

70.

81.

c. c. c.

c. 122. j> c. 93.

147.

c. 146.

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed.

(See § 7 — 19.)

VI.

Contribution on Profits of Property -

5.000. 000l. — Exchequer Bills -

612 I. 16s. 3d. (See ante, §2.)

37, 169/. 14s. 8 d.(Ante, §3.)

1, 500,000l. — Exchequer Bills -

2.000. 000l. — For Exigencies.

(See post, §8.) -

6, 500,000l. — Out of British Consolidated Fund.

(See ante, §1.)

The following Sums, viz.

Produce to Irish Exchequer under

Loan Act - - 43 3. c. 67.] A.

----Lottery - - r. 91. | APPr°P‘e<l

1.000. 000l. (Irish Currency) Trea- f massed

sury Bills - - c. 114. | pressed *

600,000l. (Irish Currency) (See ante, §4.) J

to

ex-

(See§ 19, &c.)

Application, viz.

* £.10, 211, 378/. 13s. Id. for the Naval Services following:

0 0 Wages of 50,000) ] f

Men, including > I £.1 17

12,000 Marines ) | g g

0 0 Their Victualling, at

0 0 Wear and Tear of f Ships, at - - I

Ordnance, at -

VII

£.1, 202, 500

1.235.000

1.950.000

3 *

162, 500 0 0

1 18

0

5J

For 13 Lunar Months.

A.D. 1803.

4-3 GEO. III.

C.IG2.

385

£.1, 228, 238 13 1

901, 140 0 0

590,000 0 0

22,000 0 0

5,000 0 0

203, 500 0 0

209,000 0 0

330,000 0 0

27, 500 0 0

518,000 0 0

532,000 0 0

840,000 0 0

70,000 0 0

100,000 0 0

65,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

VIII. 1, 500,000 0

500,000 0

Ordinary of the Navy, including Half"]

Pay:. ' - .: I

Building, rebuilding and repairing of I

Ships, &c. Extra - - j- For the Year 1803

Hire of Transports Prisoners of War in Health Ditto Sick

Wages of 10,000 Men addi- f tional, (including 2, 4-00 Marines) -Victualling -

Wear and Tear of Ships -Ordnance -

Wages for 40,000 further additional (including8000 Marines)

Victualling -

Wear and Tear -

Ordnance -

Hire of Transports Prisoners of War in Health Ditto Sick

-J

1

I

bD I

.£ ] o j

ft

I

J

For Eleven Lunar Months, commencing 26th Feb. 1803.

For Seven Lunar Months, commencing 12th June 1803.

‘ I Further for the "J Year 1803.

IX. 637, 947 12 7

For

. 0 . c, D ., 1 Out of all or any of

the Service of Great Britain f the Ai(^or Sup-D'eland - plies aforesaid. To enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may

require.

Office of Ordnance for Land Service for Great Britain

Ditto further Charge ditto Office of Ordnance in Ireland

Outstanding Claims on the late Board of Ordnance in

Ireland.

Office of Ordnance in, fur-

X.

282, 065 10 11

150,000 0 0

35, 908 4 0

20,000 0 0

11, 786, 619 12 3

2, 322, 700 0 3

1, 129, 976 19 4

28, 632 17 8

173, 341 7 0

58, 468 Q 10

127, 512 19 9

3

For the Year 1803. 43 Geo. Hi-

ther Charge For Land Services, viz.

For 66, 574 effective Men in Great Britain and Ireland For Forces in the Plantations, &c. including Gibraltar, the -

ranean, Ceylon, and New South

Wales -East India Recruiting Parties (five Troops of Dragoons and 17 Companies of Foot) in Great Britain On Account of Recruiting and Contingencies for Land Forces For General, Staff and Hospital Officers Principal Officers of seve- \ cq veral Public Departments, their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Expences and Exchequer Fees by Paymaster General C c

For 1803.

-§ ts *3

From 25 Dec. 1802, to

Dec. 24, 1803, (both inclusive.)

386 C. 162.

* £.200, 645 1 3

558, 152 10 11 52,000 0 0

1,000 0 0

26, 883 16 0

99, 169 4 8

513, 440 7 10 159, 672 111

18, 461 10 10

1, 032, 151 4 8

29, 337 0 4 266, 004 14 1

218, 270 11 1

31,000 0 0 35, 751 17 10

1, 747, 570 0 8

38, 345 12 7 143, 891 5 0

145,000 0 0

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

in

-J

In Great Britain and Ire.

From Dec. 25, 1802. to

Dec. 24, 1803. (both inclusive.)

Increased Rates to Innkeepers Small Beer and Allowances on March in Ireland (a)

On Account of reduced Officers'!

of Land Forces and Marines Half Pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of British Ame- J> For the Year 1803. rican Forces -

On Account of Officers late Service of States General -Widows’ Pensions Volunteers Corps Barrack Departments -Foreign Corps in His Majesty’s'!

Service

Medicines, Bedding and Hospital Contingencies for Forces in land, and Military Infirmary in Dublin - For extraordinary Expences of the Army incurred and paid Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers -

Chelsea and Kilma inham Hos-

pitals, In and Out Pensioners, and Expences of the Hospitals For One Regiment of Light Dra- goons and . One West India Regiment retained on the Establishment, and Augmentation to Dragoon Guards, and Dragoons in the United Kingdom, and to the Three Regiments of Foot Guards -Additional General and General 1 Staff Officers in the United King- v For 1803. dom - - -J

For appointing effective Captains

to Troops and Companies lately I From 25 May to held by Colonels, &c. through- f 24 December 1803. out the Army -

For embodying Militia of United Kingdom, and of Corps of Miners of Devon and j Cornwall - *

Contingencies for said Militia -1

Clothing embodied Militia of Great Britain and Miners Increased Rates to Innkeepers, and f Small Beer for Militia of (Great Britain -

For several Periods in 1803.

For several Periods

the R°ya!l ending 24 1803.

For the Year 1803.

(a) [See 43 G.3. c. 41.

(b) [Overplus of Half Pay, how disposed of 44 <7.3. 110. § 26.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C.l 62.

387

26 May 1803.

For the Year 1803.

Supplementary Militia of Great Britain, raised by Proclamation of ’

Volunteer Corps, Cavalry and In- fantry ----Further Charge of Barrack Department in Great Britain Ditto ditto Ireland Towards Extraordinaries of Army j in Great Britain -

Ditto ditto Ireland -

To discharge outstanding Exchequer Bills under 41G, 3.

(U. K.) c. 4.

XII. 1, 500,000l. for Exchequer Bills under 42 3. c. 111.

XIII. 5,000,000l. for Exchequer Bills under - c. 110.

XIV. 356, 538/. 9-s. 3 d.Sterling, being, 386, 250Z. Irish, for Treasury Bills,

due 25th March 1803.

<3^.416,000 0 0

300,000 0 0

58, 333 0 0

54, 907 7 9

1, 400,000 0 0

600,000 0 0

XI. 2, 781, 532 15 2£

XV. 7 15, 160/. XVI. C 12, 314/.

0s. 6d. 16s.

To make good Money issued pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons.

XVII. For Civil Establishments,

e£. s. d.

8, 900 0 0

7, 665 0 0

4, 650 0 0

2, 214 4 Hi

1, 840 0 0

16,000 0 0

XVIII. sC. 524.

Upper Canada.

Nova Scotia.

New Brunswick.

Prince Edward's Island.

Cape Breton.

Forts and Settlements on Coast of Africa to December 31, 1803.

1, 515

4, 100

580

600

9, 124

0

0

0

0

17

d.

0 Newfoundland.

0 Bahama Islands.

0 Bermuda s Isles.

0 Dominica.

6 New South Wales.

From January 1,

25,000 0 0

40, 847 9 0

191, 584 17 6

219 7 0

300 0 0

1, 086 1 6

324 10 0

1, 659 18 0

2, 701 9 0

360 18 2

169 7 6

For the Year 1803.

To make good to Consolidated

Fund----Bounties on Grain (~

imported into Great Britain J *

to -

Bills drawn and to be drawn 1

from New South Wales, and > The Year 1803. become due in the Course of)

Expence of Convicts at Home French Clergy, Sj-c. Toulonese and CorsicanEmigran

Saint Domingo Sufferers, and American Loyalists

"Expences of Inquiries respecting the State of the Collieries.

Secretary to Commissioners for ascertaining the Bounds of the New Forest. G. Baldwin Esq. for Services in Egypt. Freight of a Vessel hired by Governor of New South Wales.

Indexes to Journals of House of Lords. Chairman of Committees of House of Peers.

Expences at Parliament Office.

Mr. Wilson attending Committee on Improvement of Port of London, tyc. and preparing Model of a Bridge.

2

8^ O

CD Vh

4 O c3

s

388

C. 162.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

.500 0 0

146 1 0

814 8 6

7, 134 17 4

3,000 0 0

1, 060 8 6

868, 923 8 01 1

1, 910 10 0

500 0 0

22, 564 13 6

22, 538 2 3

371 17 0

3, 600 0 0

12, 626 14 o-

8, 110 2 11

31,000 0 0

1, 760 19

4, 500 13

1, 281 4 0 *

14, 369 4 0

8, 771 7 8 *

21, 434 0 0

150,000 0 0

340,000 0 0

2, 661 17 8

7, 620 0 0

Population Abstracts.

<u\22

O V bX)~

<D Cj-t

c3

s

o H

Abstracts of the Cultivation of England and Wales.

Surveying the Straits of Conway

River, and Holyhead Harbour. Additional Allowanced rp ~ .

to. Clerks in Office lTo, 10t, hd°-for auditing publick j, 180-.

Accounts - -j Fees on passing Accounts through Treasury and Exchequer.

Incidental Expences attending Commissioners on Ameri Convention, dated 8th February 1802.

Interest on Exchequer Bills under several Acts of 39 Sc40, 41, and 42 G. 3.

~] f Expences of Commissioners for Reduction of National Debt.

Exchequer Officers for extra Trouble as to Exchequer Bills.

To Bank of England for Discount on prompt Payment of Loan for 1802, and Subscription of 50/. per Cent, on Exchequer Bills funded.

To ditto for receiving Contributions on said Loans and Subscriptions on said Exchequer Bills.

Expences of References on American Claims.

Incidental Expences of Lotteries for Service of 1802.

George Martin Jun. of Lincoln s for Losses as an American Loyalist.

Charge of Royal Military College -

Estimate of Royal Military Asylum -

O)

G

O

i>rs "1

O

O

w>

ir

For 1803.

dexes thereto.

nals and Papers, and for Residence of Clerk of the Journals.

Completing Purchases of Buildings for Improvement of Houses of Parliament under 41 G. 3.

(G. B.) c. 13.

Works at Auditors Office, §c. at Somerset Place.

Works atTwo Houses of Parlia-1 A/r 0, ment and Speakers House, j To A% 81.180, .

Secret Services - - For the Year 1803.

Expences under Commissioners on Article 6 & 7 of American Treaty.

Prosecutions, , fyc. c. relating to Coin in 1802.

Superintendance of Aliens under 42 G. 3. c. 92.

D.A1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 162.

389

£.5, 100 18 3

558 17 177 6

98 13 3

291 8 3

634-13 0

1, 060

657

7

11

113 13 9

429 14- 0

3,000 0 229 18

O)

o

o

o

tl)

QJ

44

Additional Allowance to Clerks | For Haifa Year, in Auditors Office - /to April 5, 1803* r Repairs of Port Patrick.

Expences of Removal to an Officer of House of Commons.

Losses by Lieutenant Grant at New South Wales.

Articles for Convicts embarked for South Wales.

Passage of Governor, , fyc. c. to New Settlement at Basse s Straits on Coasts of South Wales.

<| Expence of Recall of Sir George Yonge. Surveys, , fyc. c. for Bridges over Straits of Menai.

Expences of Journey respecting said Surveys.

Weekly Return of Su-) To October 10, gar Averages j 1802.

Fees on passing public Accounts.

Surveys of intended Military Roads 0, through Sutherland and Caithness J H Counties.

To repay East India Company on account of Expences incurred by them in the public Service during the late War. — To be issued without Fees.

Towards Expence of inland Navigation from the Eastern to Western Sea, by and

William. (See43 G. 3. c. 102.) Towards Expence of Roads and Bridges in -lands. (See43 G. 3. c. 149.)

For Benefit of the illustrious House of Orange. (See 43 G. 3. c. 149.)

Enquiry into Mendicity of the Metropolis.

Loss by temporary Buildings at the

Marshalsea.

i Articles for Convicts at Portsmouth and New South Wales.

Bill drawn for Wheat for Settlement at L Norfolk Island.

Printing Journals, and also Votes, Bills, Reports and Papers, by Order of the House of Commons, in Session 43 G. 3.

Arrear at Seven Police Offices for Year ending 5th January 1802.

Designs for Alterations proposed in House of Lords, , fyc. c. 1794 and 5.

204 0 0 Repaying Deposit on 40 forfeited Tickets in

Lottery for 1801.

725 10 6 Fees on Reward to Dr. Jenner for Vaccine Inoculation. (See 42 G.3. c. 120. § 18.)

3,000 0 0 Board of Agriculture - For 1803.

1,000,000 0 0

20,000 0 0

20,000 0 0 60,000 0 0 639 17 6 534 15 0

822 9 1

471 5 0

15,000 0 0

960 8 6 1,000 0 0

-a .22 o

o M

fcjors

<L> >

E £

o o H

390

C. 162.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

s£.3,000 0 0 British Museum.

1, 500 0 0 Veterinary College - - For 1803.

5, 320 0 0 J.Du Bois Esq. for Losses as an American

Loyalist.

5,000 0 0 Military Roads in North Britain For 1803.

XIX. For Services, , fyc. c. in Ireland, vizas in 42 3. 120. §19. with the

Addition of 138/. 9s.3d. Sterling, being 150/. Irish Currency, to the Assistant Examinator of Excise for extra Trouble in preparing Accounts for Parliament.

XX. For other Services, 8$c.in Ireland, viz.

Sterling. ag.23, 076 18 6 830 15 5

Irish.

— 25,000

— 900

f For One Year to I Jan. 5, 1804. Copies of the Acts

6, 485 19 11 — 7, 026 9

18, 840 0 0 — 20, 410 0 0

1, 846 3 1

2, 307 13 10£

18, 461 10 91

— 2,000 — 2, 500

20,000 0 0

966 18 7h — 1, 047 10 2

1, 647 1

288 9

4 —

3 —

1, 784 6

312 10

3, 692

50,000

2 — 4,000 0 0

0 — 54, 166 13

0 Y Civil Buildings

0 Printing, §c. 250 43 G. 3.

10£ Publishing Proclamations, &, 'c. in Dublin Gazette,

Expences of Chief and Under Secretary Offices, 8)'c.

Treasury Incidents Apprehending public Offenders - ~ {

Expences of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Proceed-mgs

Pratique in Port of

Dublin Wicklow Gold Mine

Printing 1, 500 Copies of Index to Irish Acts, 39 G. 3. & 40 G. 3.

Building Law Offices.

4fCivil Contingent Ex-1 For 1803 I pences j

For the Year to Jan. 5, 1804.

XXI. For other Services, &c. in Irelan, viz. (42 G. 3. c. 120. § 21.

Sterling. *£.4, 615 7

81 -

Irish. 5,000 0 0

19, 938 9 3 — 21, 600 0 0

4, 133 16 11 9, 230 15 5

— 4, 500 0 0

— 9, 700 (Net.)

To Board of First Fruits" for building and rebuilding Churches -To Trustees of Linen and Hempen Manufactures, viz. 2000l. for raising Hemp and Flax; 2000l. for Manufactures in

ster, Munste, and

Connaught; .7, 250/. to encourage Growth of Flax; and 10, 350/. for general Purposes, }> Dublin Wide Streets, Dublin Paving Corporation -

For One Year, to Jan.5, 1804.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. 162.

391

Sterling. Irish.

gg.5, 076 18 6 — 5, 500 0 0 Dublin Husbandry So-

ciety (to be applied under Directions of 41 G. 3. (c. 73.) -

4, 153 16 11 — 4, 500 0 0 Repository in

Street (as under said Act, 41 73.)

1, 846 3 1 — 2,000 0 0 Farming Society of

XXII. For other Services in Ireland, viz. 42 G. 3. c. 120. § 22.

Sterling. Irish.

s£.19, 442 11 11 — 21, 062 16 2 Societ)' for promoting')

English Protestant Schools

369 4 n ' '400 0 0 Secretary to Commissioners of Charitable Donations

2, 030 15 — 2, 200 0 0 Dublin Penitentiary -

16, 153 16 ii — 17, 500 0 0 Dublin Foundling Hospital -

1, 886 10 6h — 2, 043 14 9 Hibernian Marine Society -

4, 153 16 11 — 4, 500 0 0 School for Soldiers’ Children

5, 903 I — 6, 395 0 0 Lock Hospital -

475 16 H — 515 9 Sh Fever Hospital -

17, 321 15 6 — 18, 765 5 1 House of Industry

7, 384 12 4 — 8,000 0 0 Roman Catholic Seminary at M -

923 1 6 1,000 0 0 Society for discountenancing Vice -

903 6 5* — 978 12 0 Female Orphan House,

2, 492 6 2 — 2, 700 0 0 Dublin Lying-in Hospital

Jan. 5, 1804.

XXIII. 171, 431/. 11$. 1 id.To make good Deficiency of Grants for the Service of the Year 1802.

XXIV. I Directing Application of Supplies and Rules for receiving Half Pay, XXV. r and Application of Overplus of Sum appropriated to reduced Officers, XXVI.) under 42 G. 3. c. 120. § 11. — (As in former Acts.)

392

C. i. — Hi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

These Words do not always make Part of the jrrinted Clause.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing Acts as are Temporary will be known by referring to the List according to the corresponding Letter the Title of any Act.

(a) For 21 Years, &c.

[i.e. to the End of the next Session] from

a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, &c. from the Passing Act.

(c) For 21 Years, &c. after the End of the Term under former

Acts.

In consequence of Resolutions of the Two Houses of Parliament in the Session 43 G. 3. (See Votes of House of Commons on 18. 22. & 24 March 1803,) the following Clause was added to certain Local and Personal Acts.

And be it enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the " Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and [when so " printed*] may He given in Evidence in all Courts of Justice and " before all Judges and Justices whomsoever who shall take judicial Notice thereof, in like Manner as if the same had been " declared a Public Act."

Such of the ensuing Acts as have this Clause are marked (q. P.) at the End of the Title; being considered as Quasi Public Acts. — The other Acts have a Public Clause as usual heretofore.

Cap. i.

An Act for continuing (£) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy in the County of Chester, to Talk in the County of Stafford.

[17th December 1802.] [Former Tolls repealed, and new ones ]

Cap. ii.

An Act for repairing, improving and maintaining (a) the Road leading from Thirsk to Yarm, in the County of York.

[17th December 1802.]

Cap. iii.

38 G.9. e. xi. An Act for continuing (£) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for more effectually

28 G.3. c. 104.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. iii. — yii.

393

tually repairing, widening, altering and improving the Road from the Town of Manchester, by a Place called The White Smithy, in the Township of (>umpsall, to the Town of Rochdale; and also the Road from the said Place called The White Smithy, by a Place called Besses of the Barn, to the Town Bury; and also the Road from the said Place called Besses of the Barn, to Ratcliffe Bridge; and also the Lane called Sheepfoot Lane, the Township of Prestwich, all in the County Palatine ©/'Lancaster; so far as the same relates to a certain District of Road therein described, called The Manchester District.

[29th December 1802.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted. Continued for 21 Years, , fyc. c. and amended, 54 G. 3. c. 1.]

Cap. iv.

An Act to continue (a) and amend Two Acts, severally passed in the First and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to and through the Towns of Weymouth and Melcombe Regis, and Dorchester, and also the Road leading from the Parish of Warmwell to the Church in the Parish of Osmington, all in the County of Dorset.

[24th March 1803.] \_Former Tolls repealed, and o ones .]

Cap. v.

An Act to continue (a) and enlarge the Terms and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Sixteenth and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the High Road from Borough Bridge, in the County of York, to Catherick, in the same County, and from thence to Piers-bridge, on the River Tecs.[24th March 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted.']

Cap. vi.

An Act for enlarging (a) the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stone, in the County of Stafford, to a certain Gate in the Borough of Stafford called Gaol Gate, and from a certain Gate on the South Side of the said Borough called Green Gate, through the Towns of Dunstonand Penkridge, to a Road called Streetway, in the Road to Wolvei-ha in the said County of

Stafford.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. vii.

An Act to continue (a) and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the First and Twenty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Roads from the Turnpike Road upon Gatherly Moor, in the County of York, to Staindrop, in the County of Durham, and from the said Turnpike Road near Smallways, across the River Tees, to Winston, in the said County of Durham.

[24th March 1803.]

[. Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted.]

1 G.3. c. 24.

22 G.3. C. 101.

16 G.2. c. 7. 22G.2. c. 39. 24 G.3. sess.1. c. 29.

1 G.3. c.S9. 22 G. 3. c. 96.

1 G.3. c. 41. 22 G. 3. c. 93.

39 4

C. viii. — xi v.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

[33 G. 3. c. 80.]

34 — c. 24.

35 — c. 8.43.85.

36 — c. 25.

38 — c.xxxiii. 41(17. K.) c.lxxi.]

30 G. 3. c. 76.

31 G.2. c. 22.; >r. 19 G. 3. c.ll.

33 G.3. c. 86.

20 G. 3. c. 79.

Cap. viii.

An Act for empowering the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Junction Canals to raise a further Sum of Money to enable them to complete the Works authorized to be executed in pursuance of the several Acts passed in the Thirty third, Thirty fourth, Thirty fifth, Thirty sixth, Thirty eighth and Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts.

[24th March 1803.]

[See 45 G.3. c.lxviii. — 51 G. 3. clxix. — 52 3. cxl. —

53 G.3. c. xvi. This Act am, 59 G. 3. c. cxi.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for rebuilding the Tower of the Parish Church of Saint Peter, in the Borough and Liberty of Saint, in the County of Hertford, together with the Chancel thereof; and for more

effectually repairing the said Parish Church.

[24th March 1803.]

[Trustees empowered to raise 4000l. on and to

make Rates for raising Payment thereof 46 G. 3. c. lxviii.]

Cap. x.

An Act for paving, repairing, lighting, watching and otherwise improving Kensington Square, and Young Street and James Street communicating therewith, in the Parish of Saint Mary Abbots, Kensington, in the County of Middlesex; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments therein.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xi.

An Act for amending, altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for forming and keeping Repair the Streets, and other public Passages and, within a certain

District in the Parish of Saint Luke Chelsea, the County of Middlesex, called Hans Town, and for otherwise improving the same.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of several Acts made in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth and Thirty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the better supplying of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds in the County of York with Coals.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xiii.

An Act for repairing, altering, widening and improving (a) the Road leading from the Maidstone Turnpike Gate, situate on the Loose Road near Sutton Lane, in the Parish of, to The King's Head Inn in Sutton Valence, in the County of Kent.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing (a) and amending an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. xiv. — xix.

395

pairing the Road leading from the End of the Exeter Turnpike Road, on the West Side of Lord Clifford’s Park Gate, to Bidda-fford, and also several Roads leading from Bridgetown, in the County of Devon; and for varying the Line of certain Parts of the said Roads; and also for extending the Provisions of the said Act to the Road leading from the Termination of one of the said Roads, at or near the Bottom of Water in the Parish

of Totnes, to a Place called Luscombe Cross, in the Parish of

Harberton, in the said County of Devon.

[24th March 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones .]

Cap. xv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors () for embanking Part of The Lairy near Plymouth, to make and maintain a Road from a certain Place called Efford Quay, in the Parish of Egg Buckland, in the County of Devon, to the Borough of Plymouth.

[24th March 1803.]

(a) [Incorporated by 42 G. 3. c 32. § 5. See 54 G. 3. c. 70.

Cap. xvi.

An Act to alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, made in the Seventh, Thirty first and Thirty fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Highways from that Part of Counter sBridge which lies in the Parish of Kensington, in

the County of Middlesex, leading through the Towns of Brentford and Hounslow, to the Powder Mills in the Road to Staines, and to Cranford Bridge in the Road to Colnbrook, and several other Roads in the said County, so far as relates to the old District of Road described in the First of the said Acts.

[24th March 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones .]

Cap. xvii.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of the 31 G. 3. c. 94. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making a New Road from Saint George’s Gate in the City of Canterbury, to a Place called Gutteridge Bottom, and for repairing and widening the present Road from thence to the Dover Turnpike Road, in the Parish of Barham, in the County o/’Kent; and for making further and better Provision (a) for the several Purposes of the said Act.

[24th March 1803.]

7 G.3. c.SS.

31 G.3. c. 124. 35 G.3. c. 134.

Cap. xviii.

An Act for amending, widening, repairing and improving (e) the Road from or near to the Village of Glossop, in the County of Derby, to or near to MarpleBridge, in the said County; and for making several Branches of Roads to and from the same.

[24th March 1803.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for repairing and maintaining (a) the Road branching out of the Turnpike Road Irom Edinburgh to Greenlaw, and passing through or near Thorny dike, Wes Bedshiell or

the

396

C. xix. - xxiii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

[Irish Acts,

29 G. 3. c. 33.

30 G.3. c. 20.

Destroying Engines, &c.

Felony within Clergy.

the Kahn, and Choicelee, to where it joins the Turnpike Road

from Greenlaw to Dunse, all in the County of Berwick.

[25th March 1803.]

Cap. xx.

An Act to provide a new Burial Ground, and erect a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Giles in the in the County

of Middlesex.

[7th April 1803.]

Cap. xxi.

An Act for abolishing certain Dues called Petty Customs, Anchorage and Groundage, and for improving the Port of the Town of Southampton; for making a convenient Dock for the Security of Ships; for extending the Quays and Wharfs, and making Docks and Piers in the Harbour there; and for erecting Warehouses for the safe Custody of Goods and Merchandize; and for imposing certain Duties for the above Purposes.

[7th April 1803.]

[Commissioners empotvered to raise 30,000l. on Security of Rates.' Harbour and Dock Masters appointed. Rates granted on Goods imported, exported or carried Coastwise, and also a Tonnage and Boomage Duty on Ships. Altered and amended, 50 G. 3. c. clxviii.]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for altering and amending the several Laws now in Force, for enabling The Royal Canal Company to complete a Navigable Canal from Dublin to Tarmonbury on the River Shannon.

[7th April 1803.]

XX. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any time hereafter maliciously cut, break down, burn, demolish or destroy any Bank, Engine, Floodgate, Ebbgate, Lock, Sluice, Tunnel or Bridge, already made or erected, or which shall at any time hereafter be erecting or making, or made or erected, supported or maintained, for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Company, every Person or Persons so offending, being convicted thereof, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in case of Felony; and the Court by or before whom any such Person or Persons shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

" Penalty on damaging Watercourses, &c. 20or Three Months " Imprisonment.

[Corporation dissolved, 53 G. 3. c. 101. Act repealed as to Election of Directors, 58 G. 3. c. 35. § 22.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening and keeping in Repair (a) the Roads from the East End of the Town of Chard

(a)[Former Act, 21 G.3. c. 104.

to

43° GEO. III. C. xxiii. — xxvii.

397

A.D. 1803.

to the South End of West Moor, and from the West End of the Yeovil Turnpike Road through Illminster to Kenny Gate, and from the West End of Pease Marsh Lane to Horton Elm, and from Saint Rane Hill to Illminster, and from White Cross to Chillington Down, and from a Place called Three Oaks, over Ilford Bridges, to Old Way, and from The Cross Keys to Catherine Wheel, in the Parish of Ashill, in the County of Somerset.

[7th April 1803.]

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts passed in the Thirty first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Tenth and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to the Road from Leeds to Wakefield, in the County of York.

[7th April 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new granted. Repealed, 1^-2 G.4.

c. v.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act to alter and amend an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Feign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

making, widening and repairing public Roads the County of Dublin; and for repealing Parts of several Acts formerly made for that Purpose.

[7th April 1803.]

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, passed in the First and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from Dyed Way to and from

Gawbridge to Tintinhull Fords, and from a Stream of Water

called Ford to Cartgate, in Martock, in the County of Somerset; and also for repairing and widening the Roads from a Place called Hurst Bow in Martock aforesaid, through a Common Meadow called Petherton Broadmead, and thence through the Parishes of South Petherton, Shepton, Beauchamp and Barrington, to join the Turnpike Road leading from to Lang-

port, and from South Petherton aforesaid, through Part of the several Parishes of South Petherton and to

in the said Parish of Lopen; all in the said County of Somerset.

[7th 1803.] [Former Tolls repealed, and new ones .]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Modbury through the Town of Plympton, to the North End of Lincotta Lane, in the County of Devon.

[7th April 1803.]

[Additional Tolls granted^]

[31 G.2. c. 63. 10 G. 3.C. 6I. 32 G. 3. c. 131.]

2CG.S. (I.) c. 14.

[1 G.3. c. 29. 23 G.3. c. 96.]

[21 G.3. c. 84. 32 G. 3. C. 68.]

398

C. xxviii. — xxxi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

[S3G.2. C. 41. 21 G.3. c. 89.]

S G.3. c. 34.

24 G.3. sess.l. c. 33.

Cap. xxviii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening and keeping in Repair the Roads from to

in the County of Leicester, and from Sawley now Harrington Bridge, in the said County, to a Turnpike Gate at or near the End of Swarcliffe Lane, to Ashby-de-la-Zouch aforesaid.

[7th April 1803.]

\_Sunday Tolls granted.

Cap. xxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Gar-ristown, in the County of Dublin, (q. P.) [7th 1803.]

Cap. xxx.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two several Acts, the One made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repairing, 'widening and keeping in Repair the High Road leading from the Fourteenth Milestone, the Parish of Mothvey,

in the County of Carmarthen, through Llandovery to Llydad y Gwyn, in the Parish of Llandilovawr, and from thence Cled-fulch and over Duless Bridge to the Town of Llandilovawr, and from the said Town along the Post Road by Rhiwyradar, through the County of the Borough of Carmarthen and Village of Saint Clears, to Tavernspite in the Parish of Kiffig, at the Borders of the County of Pembroke; the other made and passed in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for repairing, amending and keeping in Repair several other Roads within the said County; for discharging the Trustees from the Care and Management of certain Parts of the said Roads; and for making, amending, altering, widening, improving and keeping in Repair several other Roads within the said County.

[22d April 1803.] [' Continued for Twenty one Years, , fyc. c. 52 3. c. cli.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for making, amending, altering, widening, improving and keeping in Repair (5) the Road leading from the North or North West End of a certain Street called Lower Water Street, in the Town of Carmarthen, in the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, through the Village of Conwill Elvet, in the Parish of Conwill Elvet, and through the Village of Velindre Shinltin in the Parish of Penboir, to the Town of Newcastle Emlyn in the Parish of Cenarth, and several other Roads in the County of Carmarthen.

[22d 1803.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. xxxii.^xxxv.

299

Cap. xxxii.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act made in the 20G.2. c. 15. Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing, improving and maintaining the public Conduits and other Waterworks belonging to the Town of Southampton,

[17th May 1803.]

[Amended, 50 G, 3, c. xx.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for enabling the Most Noble John Duke of Atholl and his Heirs to build a Bridge over the River Tay, at or near to the Town of Dunheld in the County of Pe, and make Roads of Communication thereunto.

[17th May 1803.]

XXII. AND, for preventing wilful and malicious burning, or ‘ otherwise damaging or destroying the said Bridge or Centres ‘ thereof, ’ Be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Persons damag-shall wilfully and maliciously burn, blow up, pull down, or other- lnSthe B«dge, wise destroy the said Bridge or Centres, or any of them, or any Part thereof, or attempt so to do, or shall wilfully and maliciously, and without Authority from the said Duke or his Heirs, remove, destroy or take away any Materials or Works thereunto belonging, or anywise direct or procure the same to be done, whereby the said Bridge, Centres or Works thereof, may be damaged, or the Lives of Passengers or Workmen endangered, such Offender or Offenders, being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged Felony, guilty of Felony.

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty fourth and Twenty eighth Years of His late Majestj ', and of the Fourth, Twenty fourth, Twenty fifth, Twenty ninth, and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh.

[17th May 1803.] [Tolls increased, and Exemptions altered.']

XLIX. AND Whereas the Sum of Ten Shillings Scots, being c Ten Pence Sterling, upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of ‘ valued Rent, levied in the Name of Bridge Money, under the Authority of an Act of the Parliament of Scotland passed in the ‘ Year One thousand six hundred and sixty nine, is now found to ‘ be insufficient and inadequate Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Freeholders and Heritors of the County of Edinburgh, to stent or assess the Heritors of the said County from time to time, as they may see Cause, in any Sum, not to exceed in the Whole Two Shillings and Six Pence Sterling yearly upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, to be levied and applied as the old Assessment might be levied and applied, [Rendered more effectual, 49 G. 3. c. xxxvii.]

24 G. 2. c. 35.

28 G.2. c.S9.

4 G.3. c. 86.

24 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 18.

25 G.3. c. 28.

§ 63.

29 G.3. c. 105. 38 G.3. c.xlv.

[See Scotch Acts, Car. 2. Purl. 2. c. 16.]

Bridge Money may be augmented in Edinburgh County.

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from or from near a Place called PitlakeMeadow, in the Town of Croydon, to or

near

400

Obstructing the Works.

Felony.

Petit Larceny.

Fin6.

Imprisonment.

[Proviso.]

14G.S. c. 105. 32 G. 3. c. 152.

C. xxxv. — xxxvii. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

near to the Town of Reigate, in the County of with a Collateral Branch from the said Railway, at or near a Place called Merstham, in the Parish of, to or near to a

Place called Godstone Green, in the Parish of all in

the said County of Surrey.

[17th May 1803.]

" Proprietors, incorporated by the Name of The Croydon, Merst-ic ham, and Godstone Iron Railway Company, empowered to raise <c 60,000l. by Shares of 100/. each. § 41, 42. And 30,000l. by ad-<l tional Shares or Mortgages. § 45, 46. Tonnage Rates. § 65.

LXXXII. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the prejudice of the said Uudertaking, break, throw down, damage, destroy, steal or take away, any Part of the said Railway or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief, to obstruct, hinder or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting and maintaining the same, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny; or otherwise, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, or the Place where such Offence shall be committed, shall forfeit any Sum not less than double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices; such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender; or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Surrey, or Place where such Offence shall happen, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted:Provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her own Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction shall have been tendered as hereby provided.

[Amended, 46 G. 3. c. xciii.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act for enlarging (b) the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Fourteenth and Thirty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for more effectually making and repairing the Road from the City of Glasgow to Yoker Bridge, and the Road of Communication between the same and the Canal from the Forth to the Clyde.

[17th May 1803.] [New Tolls granted.']

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching and improving the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. xxxvii - xlii. 401

removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and Beast Markets within more convenient Parts of the said Borough.

[17th May 1803.]

[So much of 12 & 13 W.3. c. 6. pr. as relates to lighting the Borough repealed.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair (6) the Road leading from the Port of in

the County of Caernarvon, to or near a Place called Caenanty in the County of Merioneth, and from in the Parish of Bodvean, to the Town of and from thence to

the Village of Llanystymdwy, and from a Place called

Rhwydwr, to or near to Capel Cerrig, in the said County of Caernarvon; and for building a Bridge across the River glaslyn in the said Counties.

[17th May 1803.]

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers c. 63.

of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty third Years of 23 G.3. the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the South End of Sparrow's Herne, on Bushey Heath, in the County of Herford, to the Road at Walton, in the County of Buckingham.

[17th May 1803.]

[Sunday Toll granted.’]

Cap. xl.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of the Right Ho- 1. c. 29.

nourable Charles Earl of Shrewsbury, in the Counties of Salop, Pr-Chester, Berks, Wilts and Oxford, in Trustees to be sold, and

for laying out the Monies to arise by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the same Uses, and subject to the said Restrictions, (q. P.)

[17th 1803.]

Cap. xli.

An Act for enabling the High Court of Chancery to authorize and empower the surviving Devisee in Trust, named in the Will of Thomas Batty, heretofore of the Parish of Saint George the East, in the County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant building Leases of certain Ground at or near Church Lane, in the Parish of Saint George in the East, in the County of Middlesex, devised to him by the said Will, and to sell and pull down an ancient Messuage, standing on Part of the said Ground, and to apply the Monies to arise by such Sale upon the Trusts of the said Will. (q. P.) [17th May 1803.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons, Wastes and other uninclosed Lands and Grounds within the 43 Geo. III. D d Township

402

C.xlii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

How Common Lands may be exonerated from Tithes, &c.

Township of Stotve, and the Hamlets of Sturton and in

the Parish of Stotve, in the County of . (q. P.)

[17th May 1803.]

XXV. AND be it further enacted, That in case the several Proprietors of Estates within the said Parish of Stotve, or any of them respectively, shall, at any Time within Two Years next after the passing of this Act, be minded or desirous to exonerate the Whole or any Part of the Open and Common Fields, l’ngs, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Moors, Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish, from the Payment of Tithes, and shall enter into an Agreement with the said Tithe Owners for that Purpose, but not otherwise, then and in such Case such Two Persons as the said Tithe Owners, by and with the Consent of the said Bishop of Lincoln, and the said David Henry JJrquhart and Philip,

and their Successors respectively, and such Proprietor or Proprietors making the same respectively, by any Writing under their Hands, to be by them delivered to the said Commissioners within the Time before limited for making such Agreement, shall together nominate and appoint, shall be and are hereby appointed Arbitrators for-exonerating, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Arbitrators to exonerate the Whole or any Part of the said Open and Common Fields, Ings, Meadows, Stinted Pastures, Commons and Waste Grounds, from the Payment of all Tithes both Great and Small, and from all Moduses, Compositions or other Payments whatsoever; and in lieu thereof to allot Lands or fix and appoint annual Payments byway of Corn Rent or otherwise, to be charged upon the Estates of the respective Proprietors, as such Proprietors and the said Tithe Owners shall agree; and within Two Calendar Months next before the Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners for executing their Award, of which Three Calendar Months’ Notice shall be given and affixed on the Door of the Church of Stotve aforesaid, to form and draw up respective Awards or Instruments in Writing under the Hands and Seals of the said Arbitrators, whereby they shall set forth and fully describe the Lands to be allotted, or the annual Money Payments to be charged upon the Estates of the said Proprietors in lieu thereof to the said Tithe Owners; and in case the said respective Arbitrators shall not make and complete their said respective Awards, and deliver the same to the Commissioners within the Time before limited, then and in every Case such disinterested Person or Persons as shall be elected and appointed by the said Arbitrators respectively, by Writing under their Hands, for an Umpire (such Election and Appointment being made before the said Arbitrators respectively proceed in their Arbitrations) , shall be and is hereby appointed Umpire for finally exonerating the same, and determining the several Matters and Things agreed to be referred to the said Arbitrators respectively in Manner aforesaid; and the said respective Umpire so to be elected and appointed as aforesaid shall within Two Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for making and completing the said Arbitrator’s Award, have such and the like Power and Authority in every Respect and to every Intent and Purpose as is hereby vested in the said Arbitrators; and such Determinations or Awards of the said Arbitrators or Umpire respectively, made in Writing under their or his Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal respectively, shall be

final

A.D. 1803.

43° GEO. III. C. xlii. — xlviii.

403

final and conclusive, and shall be delivered to the said Commissioners within the Times before respectively limited for the making thereof; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to comprize the respective Awards of the said Arbitrators, or their Umpire as aforesaid, in the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and to make the same a Part or Parts thereof.

" Fresh Arbitrators and Umpires may be nominated on Death of " former Arbitrators. § 26. Expences of the Exoneration shall be paid by the Parties. $ 27* Lands not so exonerated shall " remain subject to Payment of Tithes as before. § 28.

Cap. xliii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of, in the Parishes

of Norton and Dronfeld, in the County of Derby, (q. P.)

[17th .Miry 1803.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act for amending an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for,

allotting and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Oldham, in the Parish of Prestwich cum Oldham, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (q. P.)

L17 th 1803.]

{The recited Act, 42 G. 3. c. 59. is by § 16. of this Act declared a quasi public Act. See Note at Page 392. of this

Volume.~\

Cap. xlv.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons and Waste

Grounds within the Manor of Eyam, in the County of Derby.

(q. P*) [17th 1803.]

Cap. xlvi, .

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common and Lammas Meadows, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parish of O, in the County of Bedford, (q. P.)

" Allotments to the Impropriators and Vicars for Tithes. Proprietors of Inclosures not interested in the Lands to be inclosed " to pay a Satisfaction for the Purchase of Tithes, &c.

Cap. xlvii.

An Act to amend, alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed 2 G. 3. c. 45. in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to maintaining a Nightly Watch, and lighting and cleansing the Streets, Rows and Passages within the City of Chester, and for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Rows and Passages within the said City, and for regulating and improving the Police thereof.

[27th May 1803.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act to amend and render mote effectual an Act, passed in the 31 G.3. c. 60. Thirty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for building D d 2 a Bridge

404

C. xlviii.^-lii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons wilful ly flamaging the Bridge.

[Penalty.]

Felony punishable as Petty Larceny.

28 G.2. c. 50. 21 G.S. c. 96.

28 G.2. c. 59. 21 G.3. c. 99.

2 G. 3. c. 42. 28 G.3. C. 99.

a Bridge over the River Owse, from in the West Riding

of the County of York, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Heminborough in the East Riding of the same County.

[27th May 1803.]

[Additional Tolls granted for Repayment of Money borrowed by the Company of Proprietors of Selby Bridge.]

Cap. xiix.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near Loftsome Ferry, from the Parish of Wressel to the opposite Shore in the Parish of Hemingbrough, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[27th May 1803.]

XLVII. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously pull down or destroy, or begin to pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Toll House or other Convenience to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felonyand the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. 1.

An Act for continuing (a) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and Twenty first Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the West End of Toller Lane near Bradford, through Haworth in the County of York, to a Place called Blue Bell, near Coin in the County of

caster, and from a Place called the Two Laws to Kighley in the said County of York.

[27th May 1803.]

[Veto Tolls granted.]

Cap. li.

An Act for continuing (a) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty first Year of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cocking End, near Addingham in the West Riding of the County of York, through Kudwick, to Black Lane End in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[27th May 1803.] [Veto Tolls granted. Repealed, 50 3. xxxvi.]

Cap. Hi.

An Act for continuing (a) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening and altering the Road from Sandon in the County of Stafford, to Bullock Smithy in the County of Chester, and from

A.D. 1803. 43o GEO.

C. lii. — Ivii.

40S

Hilderstone to Draycott in the M, and from Wetley Rocks to

Tean in the said County of Stafford.

[27th May 1803.]

[New Tolls granted."]

Cap. Iiii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures and other Commonable and Waste Lands within the Parish of Horncastle in the County of Lincoln, (q. P.) [27th May 1803.]

Proviso for Claims in discharge of Tithe. § 19. A Money Payment to be made for the Tithes of the old Inclosures in certain 4< Cases. §20.

Cap. liv.

An Act to continue (c) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Preston to , and from thence

to a Place called Heiring Syke; and for maintaining and keeping

in repair the Road from the Guide Post in the Township of Slyne with Hesi, to a Place called Hest Bank in the said Township.

[11th June 1803.]

[New Tolls

Cap. lv.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the Harbour o '(Alloa, for paving, cleansing and lighting the Town of

Alloa, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[11th 1803.]

XIX. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, maliciously, wilfully or wantonly demolish, break down, destroy or set on Fire, any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breasts or other Works to be constructed in or belonging to the said Harbour, or any Ship, Boat or other Vessel lying or being therein, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Petit Larceny.

[Trustees of Harbour empowered to levy Rates on Goods. To borrow 50001. on Credit of Rates. Rates Jor, , fyc. c. vested

in other Trustees.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for regulating and converting (b) the Statute Labour in the County of Kinross, and for more effectually making and repairing the Highways within the said County.

[11th June 1803.]

Cap. Ivii.

An Act for repairing, improving and preserving (a) the Harbour of Dysart, in the County of Fife.

[11th June 1803.]

[Additional Tonnage and Import and Export Duties granted.'}

24 G.2. c. 20. 22G.S. c. 88.

26 G.3. c. 13. amending 27G.2. c. 3$.

Destroying

Works.

Punishment.

Felony punishable as Petty Larceny.

See26G.2.e.44.

406

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

C. lviii.

Expences of the County to be paid by a General County Rate in certain Proportions.

A General Sessions for the whole County shall be holden annually for examining Treasurers’ Accounts.

If no Adjournment, Three Justices may call a Meeting.

Cap. lviii.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace, acting for Western Division

of the County of Kent, to purchase a convenient Piece of Ground for building a Gaol for the said, and for empowering the

said Justices to apply Part of the County Stock of the said Division towards the same, as requires that the said Gaol should be repaired exclusively at the Expence of the said Western Division; and for the better Regulation and Payment of the Public Expences of the said County.

[11th June 1803.]

" 9 G.2. c. 12. recited and repealed in part (as in Title) except

" as to Expences incurred before 24th June 1803. — § 1.

II. AND be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, all Charges, Burthens and Expences whatsoever, arising within the said County of Kent, to which a County Rate is or may be applicable, shall be borne and paid by a General County Rate for the said County, in the Proportions following; (that is to say) , One fourth Part of such Charges, Burthens and Expences, shall be borne and paid by the Eastern Division of the said County, and the other Three fourth Parts thereof shall be borne and paid by the Western Division of the said County.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

to and for the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and directed to hold a General Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Kent, on Tuesday in Whitsun Week in each and every Year, after the said Twenty fourth Da}' of June One thousand eight hundred and three, for the Purpose of examining, passing and allowing the several Accounts of the respective Treasurers of the said Two Divisions of the said County; and such Sessions shall always commence and be originally holden at, in the

said County of Kent, but the same may from time to time be adjourned, as Occasion may require, to Sittingbourn aforesaid; and the Justices present at any such General Sessions, or any Adjournment thereof, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby directed to enquire into and examine, pass and allow the said Accounts of the said Treasurers; and the said Accounts shall be examined, passed and allowed solely and exclusively at the said General Sessions, or some Adjournment thereof.

[As to

Meetings for settling Treasurers Accounts-, , 49 3. c.cxi.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times it shall happen that the said General Sessions of the Peace hereinbefore authorized and directed to be holden shall not have been adjourned to any subsequent Time, or shall have been adjourned for mofe than Thirty Days then to come, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby authorized, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint any Time for the holding of a General Sessions of the Peace for the said County as aforesaid, and

the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy shall cause Notice to be given of the Time of holding such General Sessions, by such Pub-

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. lviii. — lx.

407

lie Advertisement as the said Justices shall direct, Fourteen Days at least before the Time so appointed for holding the said General Sessions, and such General Sessions shall be holden at the Time specified in such Notice accordingly, and the said Justices at such adjourned General Sessions shall have as full and ample Powers and Authorities as if such General Sessions had, at the last preceding General Sessions, been adjourned to the Time specified in such Notice as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of One thousand eight hundred and three, every Rate or Assessment for raising such Sum and Sums of Money within the said County of as

shall be sufficient to answer the Ends and Purposes mentioned and contained in an Act of Parliament, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more easy assessingcollecting and levying of County

Rates, shall be made for the Whole of the said County; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such General Rates or Assessments rated or assessed upon the several Towns, Parishes, Precincts, Vills, Hamlets and Places, situate within the Western Division of the said County, shall be paid to the Treasurer . of the said Western Division; and that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money in and by such General Rates or Assessments rated or assessed upon the several Towns, Parishes, Precincts, Vills, Hamlets and Places, situate within the Eastern Division of the said County, shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Eastern Division; and in every Order which, from and after the said Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and three, shall be made for the raising of any General County Rate within the said County, it shall be mentioned and expressed that the said Sums shall be paid to the respective Treasurers as aforesaid.

[Repealed so far as it requires that County Rates under

12 G. 2. shall be made for the -whole, 49 G. 3. c. cxi. § 6.]

" Treasurer shall be appointed for the Eastern Division by Justices 4i at Quarter Sessions held within the Eastern Division, and shall give Security required by 12 G. 2. 29. — §6. And so for the

[Public Act.]

" Western Division. § 7. Treasurer to be appointed for the 4‘ Western Division. § 9.

[See 47 G. 3. Scss.2. c. xxxiv.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for paving, lighting, cleansing, watching and improving the Streets, Passages and Places within the Town of,

in the County of Sussex; for removing and preventing Annoyances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing an effective Police in the said Town.

[11th June 1803.]

I Amended, 49 G. 3. c.cxv. Repealed, 1 4. e.lix.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, made in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled An Act for

cleansing the Ports, Harbours and Rivers of the City Cork, and of the Towns of Galway, Sligo, Drogheda awa! Belfast, - and

D d 4 for

County Rates shall be made for the whole County under 12G.2-c. 29.

Irish Act,

3 G.2. c. 21.

408

C. lx. lxi.

48° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

40 G. 3. c. 99.

Persons cutting away Buoys;

[Penalty.]

Felony punishable as Petty Larceny.

13 Ed. 1. West, see c. 47.

13 Ric. 2. stat.l. c. 19.

for erecting a Ballast Office in the said City, and each the said Toivns, as relates to the Port and Harbour of the Town of Sligo; and for repealing an Act, made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and improving the Streets, Quays, Lanes and Passages in the Town of Sligo the County of Sligo; for establishing a Nightly Watch the said Town; for supplying the said Town with Pipe Water, and for improving and regulating the Port and Harbour thereof, and for making better Provision for the paving, lighting, watching, cleansing and improving of the said Town of Sligo; and for regulating the Porters and Carmen employed therein; and for the better Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour thereof.

[11th June 1803.]

CIX. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, not being lawfully empowered so to do, shall wilfully cut away any Buoy Roop from any Anchor in the said Port and Harbour, or cast off, loose or cut any Ship, Lighter, Wherry, or other Vessel from its Mooring, or deface, destroy or take away any Buoy or Perch, in the said Port and Harbour, every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and shall on being convicted thereof be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Persons convicted of Felony are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm; or in Mitigation of such Punishment such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petty Larceny.

Cap. lxi.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, and in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King Richard the Second, for the Preservation of Salmon and other Fish in the Rivers Dart and Plym, in the County of Devon.

[11th June 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty Ki the First, intituled A Penalty for taking of Salmons at Times of the

Year, whereby it was provided, that the Waters of Humber,

Ouse, Trent, Done, Arre, Derwent, Nid, Yore,

Tese and all other Waters (wherein Salmon be taken within the

Kingdom) should be in Defence for taking Salmon from the Na-

tivity of our Lady unto Saint Ma which Act was ‘ confirmed, and further Provision made relating thereto, by an

Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King Richard the Second, intituled A Confirmation of ‘ Thirteenth Edward First, Statute One, Chapter Forty seven, i touching talcing of Salmons: And Whereas the Periods limited by the said Acts are not suited to the Fisheries for Salmon, Sal-

mon Peal or Salmon Kind, or Bouges, otherwise Sea Trout, or ‘ to the Protection of the Spawn or Fry of Salmon in the Rivers

commonly called the Teign, Dart and Plym, in the County of

Devon, and have been found very prejudicial to the Owners and

Proprietors

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. Ixi.

409

‘ Proprietors of the Fisheries in such Rivers, and to the Public: ‘ And Whereas it is necessary that Provision should be made for ‘ the better Preservation of Salmon, and the Spawn, Fry or young Brood of Salmon, Salmon Peal, Salmon Kind and Bouges, or Sea ‘ Trout, in the said Rivers Teign, and and in the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the respective Owners and Proprietors, and Persons legally entitled to fish in the said respective Rivers or Waters commonly called, known or distinguished by the Names of the Dart, Teign and in the said

County of Devon, or in any of the Streams of Water or Rivulets communicating therewith respectively, and their respective Servants and Agents, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Time or Times in the Year, between the Fourth Day of March and the Fourth Day of December within the said River, and the

several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill or destroy any Salmon, Salmon Peal or Salmon Kind, and to offer to Sale any of such Fish so taken between the said last mentioned Periods, within the River Teign and the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith; and also at any Time or Times in the Year between the Fifteenth Day of February and the Fifteenth Day of November within the said Rivers Dart and, and the

several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith respectively, with legal and proper Nets, or Hooks and Lines, to take, kill or destroy any such Salmon, Salmon Peal or Salmon Kind within the said Rivers Dart and, and the several Rivulets or Streams of Water communicating therewith respectively, and to offer the same to Sale when so taken between the said last mentioned Periods, within the said last mentioned Rivers and Waters; and that all such Fish so taken within the said respective, Rivers and Waters, and within the respective Periods aforesaid, shall be deemed and considered to be in Season, and proper to be killed, the said recited Acts or either of them, or any other Act or Acts, Law, Statute, Ordinance or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

" None shall take or sell Salmon, or pursue or injure the same " or their Spawn or Fry in the said Rivers, &c. at any other Time, " nor at any Time with Spears. § 2.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Bouges, otherwise called Sea Trout, shall be taken within the said respective Rivers, or any of the Waters communicating therewith respectively, between the Twenty ninth Day of September and the Second Day of February following in any Year or Years’; and that none of the Fish hereinbefore mentioned, of whatever Kind or Description the same may be, shall at any Time be pursued, taken, killed or destroyed, or attempted so to be, or to be otherwise hurt or injured, within any or either of the said Rivers or the Waters communicating therewith respectively, at any Time of the Year on a Sunday.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing

of

Power for legal Owners, &c. to take Salmon, &c. with legal Nets in the Teign from 4th March to 4th December, and in the Dart and Plym from 15th February to 15 th November.

Season for taking Sea Trout.

No Fishing on Sunday.

Persons selling

410

Salmon or offering the same for Sale.

C. lxi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

of this Act, each and every Person who shall pursue, take, kill or destroy, or endeavour or attempt to pursue, take, kill or de-

stroy,

or be aiding or assisting in the

pursuing, taking, killing or

destroying any Salmon or other such Fish as aforesaid, or Spawn, Brood or Fry aforesaid, in any or either of the said respective Rivers, or within any or either of the several Waters, Streams or Rivulets respectively communicating therewith, or with any or either of them; or shall sell, offer or expose to Sale any such Salmon or other such Fish as aforesaid, which shall have been or shall be so taken contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or between such respective Periods as are hereinbefore specified, in relation to any such Fish as aforesaid as to the said respective Rivers or Waters, Streams or Rivulets respectively communicating therewith, and within which the same is by this Act prohibited as aforesaid, and who shall be thereof convicted before any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, either upon View of any such Justice or Justices, or by Confession of such Offender or Offenders, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Oath of any such Owner, Proprietor or other such Person legally entitled to fish as aforesaid, or of his, her or their Agents or Servants, who are respectively hereby declared to be competent and good and sufficient Witnesses in that Behalf, and which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized First Offence to administer, shall for the First Offence forfeit any Sum, to be as-Penalty. certained by such Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom

such Conviction shall be made, not less than Forty Shillings nor more than Five Pounds, together with all Salmon or such other Fish as aforesaid so taken or killed, or offered or exposed to Sale, and all the Nets, Engines and other Instruments and Devices used or kept in or about, or for the Purpose of committing any such Second Offence Offence as aforesaid; and for the Second Offence shall forfeit a Penalty. Sum, to be ascertained as aforesaid, not less than Forty Shillings

nor more than Ten Pounds, together with all such Fish, Nets, Engines and other Instruments and Devices as aforesaid; and One Half of such Penalty shall go and be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish or Parishes where the Offence shall have been committed; and every such Penalty may Distress. and shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any such Justice or Justices of the Peace, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducting and retaining thereout the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, or otherwise relating to the Premises, to the Person so distrained on; and for want of such Distress, or in case the Offender shall on Demand neglect or refuse, or shall not be able to pay any such Penalty, then such Offender shall for every such Offence be sent by such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction Imprisonment, shall be made as aforesaid, to the House of Correction of the said County where such Offender shall be taken, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months nor less than Two Calendar Months; and the said Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom the Person or Persons offending shall Nets, &c. be convicted, shall order such Nets, Engines, Instruments and

destroyed. other Devices kept or made use of for taking such Fish, to be

seized

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. lxi. — lxiv.

411

seized and immediately cut in pieces, or otherwise destroyed or disposed of in his or their Presence, in such Manner as he or they shall think proper.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall think themselves aggrieved by any Judgment of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in any of the Cases aforesaid, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace of the said County of Devon at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County, who are hereby empowered to hear and finally determine the same, so that the Person or Persons so appealing shall enter into a Recognizance before such Justice or Justices, with sufficient Sureties to be approved of by such Justice or Justices, to abide the Event of such Appeal, and the Determination thereon to be made, and so that such Person or Persons so appealing shall, by himself or his Agent, give Ten Days previous Notice in Writing of such Appeal, to the Party or Parties against whose Act or Acts such Appeal shall be made; and the Justices at the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and make such Order therein, and award such Costs as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs wdiich shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the Justices at their said General Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Cap. lxii.

An Act for the more effectually repairing the Parish Church of Dagenham, in the County of Essex.

[11th 1803.]

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts passed in the First and Twenty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from the Eastern End of the Borough of Grampound, in the County of through the Towns

of Saint Austell and Lostwithiel, and thence to the East End of the Western Tap House Lane in the said County.

[Aeiv Tolls granted.'] [11th June 1803 ]

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for continuing (6) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually amending

and

Appeal to Justices.

Notice.

Distress.

Appeal Final.

[Public Act.]

1 G.3. c. 27.’21 G.3. c. 90.

33 G.3. c. 175.

412

33 G.2. 22 G.3.

25 G. 3,

I G.3. 23 G.3

C.lxiv. — lxix. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

and keeping in Repair the Road from the City of through Droit tv ich to Spadesbou Bridget within the Parish of

Bromsgrove, in the county of , and other Roads therein

mentioned.

[11th 1803.]

\New Tolls .]

C)xv. c. 3 6. An Act for continuing (6) the Term, and altering and enlarging c. 92. the Powers of Two Acts passed in the Thirty third Year of the

Reign of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Okcha, in the County of Devon.

[11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxvi.

, c. 124. An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and keeping in Repair the Road from Whitechapel Church, in the County of Middlesex, to Shenfield, and the furthermost Part of the Parish of Woodford towards Epping, and from the Causeway in the Parish of Low Layton to the End of the said Parish of

ford, next Chigwell, and through the Parishes of Chigwell and

Lambourn, in the County of Essex; and for lighting and watching the said Road from Whitechapel Church to the Four Mile Stones in the Rumford and Woodford Roads.

[New Tolls granted.] [11th 1803.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for amending, widening, altering and improving (a) the Road leading from the High Street in the Town of Arundel to the Junction of the Petworth and Roads, and from

thence to join the present Turnpike Road on

mon, in the County of Sussex.

[11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxviii.

c. 26. An Act for continuing (b) the Term, and altering and enlarging . c. 102. Powers of Two Acts passed in the First and Twenty third

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making a Road from the North East Side of the Street Road, next Is-

lington, and near to the Road called The New Road, over the Fields to Old Street, and from the Dog House Bar to the End of Chiswell Street, by the Artillery Ground, in the County of Middlesex.

[11th June 1803.]

[Exemption from Toll in 23 G. 3. repealed.]

Cap. lxix.

An Act for amending, altering and keeping in Repair (£) the Road from the Turnpike Road between Burnley and Colne, in the Township of Marsden, in the Parish of Whalley, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to the Town of Gisburn, in the West Riding of the County of York, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Skipton to Settle, at or near the Town or Village of Long Preston, in the said County of York.

[11th 1803.]

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C.lxx. — 1XXV.

Cap. lxx.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from the present Turnpike Road upon Greenhill Moor to, and from the

Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near Stoney to Tot ley,

all in the County of Derby; and also for making Two new Branches from the said Roads to in the said County,

and to Goose Green, near Sheffield, in the County of York.

[New Tolls granted.] [11th 1803.]

Cap. lxxi.

An Act to continue (b) the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts passed for amending the Road from Sacred in the

Parish of Thorngumbald to Patrington Creek or and

from the Guide Post in Winestead to Gate, in or

near Widow Branton sFarm, in the County of York.

[11th 1803.]

Cap. lxxii.

An Act for continuing (c) the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twenty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads leading from a Pond late belonging to Henry Eyre Esquire, in the Parish of Whiteparish, in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Dunivood Hill, and from thence over Great

Bridge and Middle Bridge, through Infra, to Hundred

Bridge, in the County of Southampton, and from thence to the County of the Town of Southampton.

[11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Roden, for the Intent and Purposes therein mentioned, and for settling other Estates in lieu thereof to the same Uses. (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for the more effectually carrying into Execution the several Acts therein mentioned for the Relief of the Creditors of certain Banks lately kept in the City of Dublin called Burtons Banks, (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Open, Common and Mesne Fields, Moors, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other commonable and uninclosed Lands and Grounds, within the Township or Liberty of Great in the Parish

of Hope, in the County of Derby, (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

" The Preamble recites that the King in Right of His Duchy of " Lancaster, is Lord of the Manor of High, within which the " said Commons, Moors and Waste Lands are situate. — -Land may

" be

413

21 G.3. c. 83.

1 G.3. c. 3 20 G. 3. c. 89.

29 G.2. c. 45. 22 G.3. c. 110.

Irish Acts, 7G.2. c. 26.

9G.2. c. 27. 25 G.2. c. 22. 31G.2. c. 12.

414

C.lxxv. — lxxxi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

be sold to defray the King’s Share of Expences under the Act. c< § 13, Allotment to the King in Right of His said Duchy as " Lord of the said Manor of, One Eighteenth Part of

" the Moors, Commons and Wastes intended to be divided and " allotted, in lieu of and as a Compensation for the Right and Interest of His Majesty in and to the Soil of the said Moors, Com-li mons and Wastes. $ 15. The Commissioners Award shall be " enrolled and deposited in the Duchy Court of at West-

il minster. § 21.

Cap. lxxvi.

7 G.3. c.S9.i?r. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for dividing and inclosing the Open Commons in the Manor of in the County of

moreland, and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, (q. P.)

[11th 1803.]

Cap. lxxvii.

19 G.3. c. 105. An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Nineteenth Year of pr. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act for divid-

ing and inclosing the Open Wastes and Commons lying the Manor of Sleagill, in the County of Westmoreland; and for granting other Powers for dividing, allotting and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

" Allotment in lieu of Tithes. § 10.

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common Heaths, Marshes, Fens and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of Somerleyton, Blundestone and, in the County of Suffolk.

(q. P.) [11th 1803.]

" This Act contains an Allotment for Fuel, &c. for the Poor. § 19. " Payments for Great and Small Tithes on Inclosures for the First "Six Years, settled by the Commissioners. § 25.

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, and Common Pasture, Common and Waste Lands, within the Township of Middleton in the Parish of, in the

East Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

ii Allotment in lieu of Tithes. § 12. Annual Payments for Tithes " of old Inclosures in certain Cases. § 13, 14.

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Fields, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Township of Clifford, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[11th 1803.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds within the Liberty of Worm-hilly in the Parish of Tide swell, in the County of Derby, (q. P.)

[11th June 1803.]

9

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C, lxxxi. — lxxxvii

415

" Allotment to His Majesty in lieu of Chief Rents, Quit Rents, " Feefarm Rents, or other dry or unimprovable Rents within the " Liberty of Wormhill and Parish of § 8.

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for dividing, allotting, inclosing and otherwise improving several Commons, Moors or Wastes within the Manor of,

otherwise Alston Moor and Garragill in the Parish of Alston and County of Cumberland, (q. P.) [11th 1803.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Wastes and other Commonable Lands and Grounds within the Parish of Castle in the County

of Lincoln, (q. P.) [11th 1803.]

" Allotments in lieu of Tithes. § 16. Deduction forModuses, " &c. § 17. Tithe Allotments subdivided among the respective " Owners by the Commissioners. § 18. Proprietors of old inclosed " Lands to pay a Satisfaction for Tithes. § 22. Tenants for Life, " &c. empowered to charge their Estates with Money paid for Exoneration from Tithes. $ 23. The Allotments in lieu of Tithes to " be ring fenced by the other Proprietors. § 24.

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Commons and Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Great, Kimble and Ellesborough, in the County of Buckingham, (q. P.)

[11th 1803.]

" Allotments in lieu of Tithes. § 18 — 27.

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures and Waste Grounds, within the Parish of Lilstock in the County of Somerset, (q. P.)

[11th June 1803.]

" Allotment in lieu of Tithes. § 12. 14. Vicar empowered to borrow Money in respect of Allotment. § 15.

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Common and Waste Land lying within the Manors of and,

in the Parishes of Mancetter and, in the County of Warwick. (q. P.) [11th June 1803.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbours of the Town of Greenock, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[11th June 1803.]

[Tonnage Duty granted on Ships and Goods for Use of Dry Warehouses, &>c. See 50 G. 3. c. clxvii.]

[&tflSG.S. c. 28. 29 G. 3. c. 43. 41 G.S. (U.K.) c.li.J

416

C. lxxxviii. — xciii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Persons wilfully damaging the Works of the Harbour,

Felony, &c.

41 G.3.

c.liv.

27 G. 3. c. 93.

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for repairing, enlarging and improving the Pier and Quay within the Port or Harbour of Torquay in the county of .

[24th 1803.]

[. Duties granted on ShipsBoats and Goods.

XIII. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and maliciously demolish or break down, destroy or set on Fire any Pier, Quay, Wharf, Store House or any other Building or Work to be constructed, erected or made, altered or repaired under the Authority of this Act, every Person or Persons so offending shall be subject and liable to the like Punishment and Penalties as in Cases of Felony; and the Court by or before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall and may, and they have hereby Power and Authority to cause such Person and Persons to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Petit Larceny.

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty, for building a Pier at Sheerness in the Isle of Sheppy, in the county of , and for other Purposes, as authorizes the taking or carrying away any Gravel, Stones, Ballast, Sand or other Materials from the Sea Beach, belonging to William Alston, Lord of the Manor of Minster in the said Isle of Sheppy, without paying any thing for the same.

[24th June 1803.]

Cap. xc.

An Act for paving, lighting, watching and improving the Town of Bradford, and Part of the Hamlet of Little Horton adjoining thereto, in the County of York, and for removing and preventing all Nuisances therein.

[24th June 1803.]

Cap. xci.

An Act to establish a Chapel of Ease at in the

County of Sussex.

[24th June 1803.]

« No Marriages or Burials allowed in the Chapel — Baptisings and (t Churchings of Women allowed. § 8.

Cap. xcii.

An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the London Turnpike Road near the South or upper End of Harwell Town, in the Parish of Harwell, in the County of Berks, to the Turnpike Road near the Village of Streatley, in the said County.

[24th June 1803.]

Cap. xciii.

An Act to continue (£) the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads from the City of

Chester

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. xciii. — xcix.

417

Chester to the Woodside Ferry in the County of and

other Roads therein mentioned.

[24th 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed and new ones and the Powers

of this Act enlarged and, continu for 21 Years, , fyc. c. 1 G. 4. c. xv.]

Cap. xciv.

An Act for continuing (£) the Term, and enlarging the Powers of 9 G.s. c. 94. Two Acts, passed in the Ninth and Twenty ninth Years of the 29 G. 3. c. 9l. Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads from the End of the County of Stafford, through, to the

City of Chester, so far as the said Acts relate to the First District of Roads.

[24th June 1803.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xcv.

An Act for further continuing (6) the Term, and enlarging the 33G.2. c. 42. Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign andsee 22 G.s. of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and c*104< widening the Roads from Haleworthy in the Parish of in the County of Cornwall, to the East End of Wadebridge, and from the West End of Wadebridge into and through the Borough

of Mitchell in the said County.

[24th June 1803.]

[New Tolls granted.]

Cap. xcvi.

An Act for making and repairing (h) the Road from Greenock to Kelly Bridge in the County of Renfrew, and a Road branching out of the same to Ailly Miln, in the same County.

[24 th 1803.]

[Continued for 21 Years, &c. as to Roads under 52 G. 3. c. lv.]

Cap. xcvii.

An Act for vesting the Manor and Estate of Ratcliffe upon Wreke in the County of Leicester (Part of the settled Estates of Robert Earl Ferrers) , in a Trustee to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money in Discharge of an Incumbrance affecting the Whole of the said settled Estates, (q. P.) [24th June 1803.]

Cap. xcviii.

An Act to confirm a Lease granted by the Trustees of a Power in a Settlement, made by the Right Honourable Charles late Lord Southampton deceased, and Ann Lady Southampton, to the Governor and Company of the New River, and for other Purposes.

(q. P.) [24th 1803.]

Cap. xcix.

An Act for effecting certain Exchanges between the Right Honourable William Viscount Lowther, and the respective Devisees under the Wills of Sir William Lowther Baronet, and the Right Honourable James late Earl of Lonsdale.(q. P.)

[24th 1803.]

[See G.S. c.lxiv.]

43 Geo. III. E e

418

C. c. — civ.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Cap. c.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of Richard Langley Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, subject to the Approbation of the Court of Chancery, and for applying Part of the Purchase Monies in paying off Incumbrances, and in reimbursing to him the Expences of Improvements already made, and also in reimbursing to him the Expences of future Improvements, when the Amount shall have been ascertained, under the Direction of the said Court, and for laying out the Residue of the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of that Court, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the former Uses. (q.P.)

[24th June 1803.]

Cap. ci.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields, Common Ings, Commons and Waste Grounds within the Manor of Alter-ion Bywater in the Parish of Kip, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [24th 1803.]

" Allotments in lieu of, Tithes. § 11. Describing the Lands to be " taken for Tithes due from His Majesty in Right of the Duchy " of Lancaster. § 12. Vicar's Tithes to be valued. Allotment for " Vicarial Tithes. § 13. Allotment to Mr. Bland for his Tithes.

" Allotment in lieu of Tithes of Wool and Lamb. § 14. Allotment " of the Residue of the Seventh Part to be set out for Tithes.- Rents " to be settled in lieu of Tithes of old Inclosures where the " Owners have not Lands in the Open Fields and Ings, or Commons or Wastes. § 15. Commissioners to transmit Extract of " so much of Award as relates to His Majesty's Allotment to the " Clerk of the Duchy. § 31.

Cap. cii.

An Act for inclosing the Commonable Lands within the Manor and Township of Potter Newton cum Gibton in the Parish of Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[24th June 1803.]

" Allotment to His Majesty on account of His Property in Sixty "seven Acres Two Roods, in Right of Duchy of Lancaster. § 7.

" Extract of Award shall be transmitted to Clerk of the Council " of the Duchy. § 10.

Cap. ciii.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the several Parishes of PSalkeld otherwise Great Salkeld, Lazonby, Wetheral, Hutton and

Newton, the Township of Middlesceugh and in the

Parish of Saint Mary Carlisle, and the Townships of Raughton and Gaitsgill, and Ivegill in the Parish of Dalsion in the Honour

of Penrith, and the Forest of or in one of them, in

the County of Cumberland. (q. P.) [24th june 1803, .]

Cap. civ.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Kirk Ireton in the ‘ Parish of Kirk Ireton, and of Callow in the Parish of -

worth, in the County of Derby, (q. P.) [24th June 1803.]

43° GEO. III.

C.civ. — cx.

419

A.D. 1803.

Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor of " in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, and His Lessee. § 17- — 19.

" Extract of Award shall be transmitted to Clerk of the Council " of the Duchy. § 35.

Cap. cv.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the several Commons and Waste Lands in the Township of in the Parish of

Runcorn, in the County Palatine of Chester, (q. P.)

[24th June 1803.]

u Allotment to His Majesty as Lord of the Manor and Fee of " Hatton, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster. § 13. Award shall be enrolled in Duchy Court of Lancaster at Westminster. § 20.

Cap. cvi.

An Act to extend the Provisions of Two Acts, passed in the 39 & 40 G. 3. Thirty ninth and Fortieth, and in the Forty first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to the Use of Horse 41 ^'3 *

Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the flaying thereof, to, and to alter and amend the same as to the Cities of London and and Borough of Southwark, and Liberties thereof, and all Places within Fifteen Miles of the Royal Exchange of the said City of London.

[4th July 1803.]

[Repealed, 48 G. 3. c. lxxi.]

Cap. cvii.

An Act for raising and securing a Fund for making Provision for the Widows of the Writers to His Majesty's Signet in Scotland.

[4th July 1803.]

[See 58 G. 3. c. lxxiv.]

Cap. cviii.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Dorset and Somerset Canal Navigation to raise a further Sum of Money (a) towards completing the said Canal, and for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty sixth Year of the Reign 3GG.3. c. 47. of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said Navigation.

[4th 1803.]

(a) [30,000^.]

Cap. cix.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers 2g.3. c. 76. of Two Acts, passed for amending and widening the Road lead- 22 G. 3. c. 102. ing from the High Post Road near the Town of Faversham, to the Town and Port of Hythe, and from Bacon’s Water to Holy Lane, in Wincheap, near the City of Canterbury in the County

of Kent.

[4th July 1803.]

[, Additional Tolls granted.']

Cap. cx.

An Act for continuing the Term, and consolidating into One Act, 26G.2. c. 90. several Acts relating to the Road from to Redburn 27 G.2. c. 27.

E e 2 Bridge,

420

6 G. 3. c. 82. 27 G. 3. c. 83.

28 G. 2. c. 3 19 G.3. c. 8

C.cx. — cxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 180S,

Bridge, and for making and repairing the Hoad therein mentioned.

[4th July 1803.]

[Repealed, 44 G. 3. c. lxv.]

Cap. cxi.

An Act for more effectually amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair (a) the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Thames in the county of , to a Place

called Sheetbridge, near Peterf el in the County of Southampton.

[4th July 1803.]

[Former Acts, 22 G.2. c. 35. in part and 8 G. 3. c. 56.]

32 G. 3. c. 119. repealed.]

Cap. cxii.

An Act for enlarging the Term, and altering the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twenty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from in the

County of Huntingdon, to a House called the Spread, in Stratton in the County of Bedford.

[4th July 1803.]

[Repealed, 59 G3. c. xxv.]

Cap. cxiii.

An Act for enabling Trustees therein named to concur, on the Part of the Devisees in the Will of Mary Foord, late of Stock-ton in the County of York, Widow, One of the Three Sisters and Coheiresses of John Agar, late of Stockton aforesaid, Esquire, and Serjeant at Law, with the other Persons interested in making a Partition, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the Court of Chancery, of the Freehold and Copyhold Estates of the said John Agar. (q. P.) [4th 1803.]

Cap. cxiv.

An Act for effecting the Sale of the Mansion House and Grounds late of John Cornwall Esquire, deceased, situate in the Parish of Hendon, in the County of Middlesex, and for investing the Purchase Money, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in another Estate to be settled to the same Uses. (q. P.)

[4th July 1803.]

Cap. cxv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of and

Townships or Liberties of Thringstone and Peggs Green, in the Parish of Whitwick in the County of Leicester, (q. P.)

[4th July 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in Compensation

of all Tithes.]

Cap. cxvi.

An Act for dividing, allotting and inclosing the Commons, Mosses and Waste Grounds within the Parish of Hever sham, in the County of Westmorland, (q. P.) [4th July 1803.]

«Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in Compensation of all Tithes, § 11 — 14. His Majesty being in Right of His

" Crown

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxvi. — cxxi.

421

" Crown One of the Lords of the Manor or Township of il thwaite with Lith, in Lease to Lord Commissioners empowered to make Allotments according to the several Rights of the Lords and their Lessees. § 17. Extract of Award so far as " relates to His Majesty's Allotment shall be sent to Surveyor General of the Land Revenue. §33.

Cap. cxvii.

An Act for erecting a new Church, to be called Christ Church, in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, and for

providing a Maintenance and Residence for the Minister or Perpetual Curate thereof.

[5th July 1803.]

[Amended, 50 G. 3. c. cxxx.]

Cap. cxviii.

An Act for amending an Act, passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for more effectually draining certain Tracts of Land called Wildmore, and the West and East Fens, in the County of Lincoln> and other Low Lands and Grounds lying contiguous or adjoining thereto.

[5th July 1803.]

Cap. cxix.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Elland cum Greetland, in the Parish of Halifax, and West

Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [6th July 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in lieu of Vicarial or Small Tithes.]

Cap. cxx.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Saint Nicholas and Saint John in Newport, Saint Peter in, Saint Mary le

Wig ford, Saint Martin and Saint Swithen, in the City of Lincoln, and in that Part of the Parish of Saint Margaret which lies within the said City, and for setting out and appropriating certain Lands within the said City, as a common Pasture for the Purposes therein mentioned, (q. P.) [7th July 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in lieu of Tithes with certain Exceptions.']

Cap. cxxi.

An Act for explaining, amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as relates to supplying the Inhabitants of Port Glasgow and Newark with Water; to paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the said Towns; and to repairing and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Port Glasgow; and for erecting a new Court House and Prison, and other necessary public Buildings, in the said Towns.

[11th 1803.]

[Additional Rates granted.]

Ec 5

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. cxxxv. in part repealed.

15 G.3. c. 60.

C. cxxii. — cxxiv.

A.D. 1803.

422

43° GEO. III.

Cap. cxxii.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the several Roads leading to and from the City of Exeter, and for keeping in Repair Exeter Bridge and Countess Wear

[11th 1803.]

[Repealed, 55 G. 3. c. xii.]

39 G. S. c.lxix. § 37.

Cap. cxxiii.

An Act for inclosing and improving a certain Tract of Common or Waste Land, called Beam Heath, in the Township of Alvaston, in the Parish of Nantxmckin the County Palatine of Chester. (q. P.) [11th 1803.]

Cap. cxxiv.

An Act to authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, to be applied in the Improvement of the Port of London, by the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled; and to empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the legal Quays between London Bridge and the Tower of London.

[13th 1803.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London, it was enacted, that after Assignment and Surrender of the Mooring Chains therein mentioned, it should be lawful

for the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London,

4 in Common Council assembled, or any other Person or Persons

to be by them appointed for that Purpose, under the Inspection and Approbation of the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford Strond, and they were thereby re-

quired, to maintain and repair, and to take up and remove, or

cause or procure to be taken up and removed, all or any of the Mooring Chains then lying and being in the River Thames, between London Bridge and Bug Hole, and to cause such others to be placed in their Steads, either in the same or in such other Situation or Situations within the Limits last mentioned, as to the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, or the Person or Persons to be by them employed in that Behalf, under such Inspection and Approbation as aforesaid, should appear to be advantageous for the

Trade and Navigation of the said River; and also, under the like Inspection and Approbation, to place and fix, and at any Time

or Times afterwards to alter, change or take away so many and such additional or other Mooring Chains, and in such Places

within the said Limits, as the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, should judge to be convenient and think proper; and that the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the time being, as Conservator of the River

4 Thames, should appoint, under the Limitations and Restrictions

therein mentioned, a Harbour Master or Harbour Masters, of,

in and for the said Port of London, and the Canal and other Works which should be made in pursuance of the said Act,

« (except as therein is excepted) to direct the entering, mooring,

2.1 4 unmooring

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. cxxiv.

‘ unmooring, moving and removing of Ships and other Vessels in the said Port: And Whereas Compensations were by the said Act directed to be made for Loss or Damage which might happen by reason or in consequence of the Works, Improvements and Regulations thereby intended, and divers of the said Compensations were thereby entrusted to the Care and Management of certain Commissioners appointed and to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, and to be called Commissioners of the

said Compensations; and in consideration of the great Accommodation and Advantage which the several Works and Regulations thereby authorized to be made would afford to the Shipping and Trade of the said Port, and of the great Charges to be occasioned by making the said Canal and other Works, certain Rates or Duties of Tonnage were by the said Act made payable to His Majestj ^, His Heirs and Successors, for the Term of Fourteen Years next ensuing the passing of the said Act, for Ships and other Vessels trading to or using the Port of London:

And Whereas it was thereby enacted, that there should be advanced and paid from and out of all or any of the Duties,

4 Revenues and Incomes composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the same Rates and Duties, and to be repaid out of the Produce thereof in Manner therein mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money as therein mentioned, to be applied by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, for the Parposes in the said Act mentioned in that Behalf; and that there should also be advanced and paid, from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, such Sums of Money as should be sufficient for making all the Compensations by that Act entrusted to the Care and Management of the said Commissioners of Compensations; And 4 Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue,

within the Port of London, divers Compensations were directed to be made for Loss or Damage which might happen by reason or in consequence of the Works, Improvements and Regulations by the said Act intended: And Whereas it was thereby enacted that the Commissioners of Compensations appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the first recited Act, should be the Commissioners of Compensations under the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid: And Whereas it was by the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid enacted, that in case any further Sums of Money,

other than such as were directed to be raised by the said first recited Act, should be deemed necessary for making Compensations to the several Persons whose Properties might be 4'affected by the Docks or other Works to be made by virtue of the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, it should be lawful for the said Commissioners for making Compensations, with the Consent of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, signified by Warrant as therein is mentioned, but not otherwise, to impose a certain additional Toll or Duty upon all

E e 4 4 Ships

39 & 40 c. xlvii.

C. cxxiv.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803

424

Ships or Vessels, during the Term of Thirteen Years from the

First Day of August One thousand eight hundred, and to levy

the Whole or such Part of the said additional Toll, and for such ‘ Time, and subject to such occasional Suspension, as should be

expressed in the said Warrants, or in any Order or Orders under

the Hand and Seal of the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords

Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and that such

Toll or Duty should be paid to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes of the said recited Act of the Thirty

ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid: And Whereas it was thereby

also enacted, that there should be paid out of the said Consoli-

dated Fund such Compensations, Costs and Charges, in respect

of the said Mooring Chains, as are therein particularly mentioned in that Behalf; and that all Sums of Money so advanced

and paid out of the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund,

with Interest for the same respectively, should be repaid to the

said Fund out of the Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited Act: And Whereas by an Act passed in the Forty second

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

authorize the Advancement of further Sums of Money of the

4 Consolidated Fund, for completing the Canal and other Works,

which by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for rendering more corn-mo-

dious, and for better regulating the Port London, ’ ivere directed

4 to be made and done by the Mayor, Aldermen and Comynons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, further Sums

of Money were authorized and directed to be advanced and paid out of the said Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by, Monies to

arise by Sale of Buildings, Land and other Premises, which had

been purchased, and were not wanted for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and by the Rates and Duties aforesaid: And

Whereas the present Mooring Chains in the Port of London are out of Repair, and in an imperfect State, and very considerable

4 Sums of Money must therefore necessarily be expended in repairing and altering the same: And Whereas it is also necessary that new Mooring Chains should be laid down in divers Places within the said Port: And Whereas the Rates and Duties granted

by the said first recited Act, and the several Sums of Money allowed to be advanced by the said recited Acts out of the said Consolidated Fund, are inadequate to the Purpose of carrying into complete Execution the Provisions of the said Acts, and it is therefore expedient and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid,

and for carrying into Execution the Provisions of the said Acts,

that Power should be given to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to advance or cause to be advanced, out of the said Consolidated Fund, such further Sums of Money as may from time to time be requisite for enabling the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, under such Inspection and Approbation as aforesaid, to repair and alter

4the old, and lay down new Mooring Chains in the River Thames,

as occasion shall require; and with the Concurrence of the Master. Wardens and Assistants of the Trinity Mouse aforesaid, and the Approbation of the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commis-

sinners

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxiv.

425

sioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, to carry

into Execution such other Improvements in the said Port of London as shall from time to time be expedient for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Public; and that Provision should be made for the Purpose of securing the Repayment of such Sums as have been and may be advanced out of the Consolidated Fund, by granting further Tonnage Rates or Duties, in addition to the Tonnage Rates and Duties granted by the said first recited

Act: And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth 39 & 40 G. 3.

and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, the c.xlvii. §110. 4 Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being were empowered, within the Period of Two Years next after the passing of the said Act, to purchase all or any of the legal Quays, and the Warehouses, Buildings or other Works annexed thereto, or usually occupied or employed therewith, situate between London Bridge and the Tower of London, or any Part or Parts thereof: And Whereas it is expedient that the said Power should be revived and continued, and that the said Lords Commissioners should be required to purchase the said legal Quays within a limited Time:But inasmuch as the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, from time to time to advance and pay, from and out of all or any of the Duties, Revenues and Incomes, composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, upon the Credit of, and to be replaced to the said Fund by, the Rates and Duties by the first hereinbefore recited Act and this present Act granted and intended to be granted and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any such further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, as shall be necessary and sufficient to enable the Mayor, Aldermen and Commons of the City of London, in Common Council assembled, to defray the necessary Charges and Expences of repairing and altering the present Mooring Chains in the River, as Occasion

shall require, and of providing and laying down new or other Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and of carrying into Execution such other Improvements in the said Port of,

according to the Intent and Directions of the first hereinbefore recited Act, as shall from time to time be expedient for the Benefit and Accommodation of the Public, and shall be approved of and concurred in by the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Trinity House aforesaid, and consented to and approved of by the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, such Consent and Approbation of the said Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners to be signified by Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, and not otherwise; and which further Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London, from time

to

Treasury empowered to advance 100,000l. out of Consolidated Fund for repairing and laying down Mooring Chains, and improving the Navigation of the River Thames.

426

39 & 40 G.3.

§ 113. repealed.

Additional

Rates.

Ships or Vessels arriving at, or going from the Fort of London, in Ballast, not subject to general Tonnage Duty.

C.cxxiv. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

to time as the same shall be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall be applied and disposed of by the said Mayor, Aldermen and Commons, in Common Council assembled, in, for and towards the Purposes aforesaid.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, as empowers the Commissioners of Compensations, in Manner therein mentioned, to impose an additional Toll or Duty upon Ships or Vessels for the Term of Thirteen Years, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

III. And be it further enacted, That instead of such additional Toll or Duty before mentioned, there shall be payable and paid to the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or to His or their Collectors, Receivers or Agents, from and after the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, for every Ship or other Vessel trading to, frequenting or using the said Port of,

by the Masters or other Persons having the Charge or Command, or the Owner or Owners, of such Ship or other Vessel respectively, according to the Tonnage Burthen thereof respectively, new and additional Rates or Duties of Tonnage, equal in Amount and similar to the Rates or Duties already imposed and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the said first hereinbefore recited Act; and such new Rates and Duties shall be levied, and payable and paid in all Respects according to the List of such Rates, and the Provisions, Regulations and Directions in the first recited Act contained, in relation to the Rates and Duties granted by the said Act; and such said new and additional* Rates and Duties shall be levied, and payable and paid in addition to, and together with, the said former Rates and Duties, and shall be ascertained, secured, paid, levied, recovered and received, in such Manner and at such Time or Times, and not otherwise, as are in and by the first recited Act prescribed and directed concerning the said Rates or Duties thereby granted:Provided always, that all such Ships and other Vessels and Craft as are by the said first recited Act exempted from the Payment of the said Rates or Duties thereby granted, shall be in like Manner free from the Payment of the new additional Rates or Duties granted by this Act.

[See54 G.3. c. 36. §44.]

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in the first hereinbefore recited Act or this Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to subject or charge any Ship or other Vessel entering the Port of London inwards, when in Ballast, or going from the Port of London outwards, when in Ballast, to or with the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties of Tonnage by the said first recited Act or this Act imposed, other than and except the Rates or Duties by the said first recited Act imposed on Ships or Vessels for or in respect of their actually entering and using the Navigable Canal, or the Docks thereby authorized to be made; but that all Ships and other Vessels, when so entering or going from the Port of London in Ballast, shall, with respect only to such entering inwards in Ballast, or going outwards in Ballast, as the Case shall happen, be wholly freed, exempted and discharged from all and every the Rates and Duties imposed by the said first recited Act and this Act, or by either of

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxiv. 427

them, other than and except as aforesaid; any Thing therein or herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all the Rates and Duties of

Tonnage aforesaid, by the first recited Act and this Act granted or made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for such Ships and Vessels as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby charged with the Repayment to the said Consolidated Fund of the Monies already advanced and paid, and hereafter to be advanced and paid thereout, for making Improvements and Compensations as aforesaid, in pursuance of the several hereinbefore recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, with Interest for the same respectively in the mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per Annum; and that all such Rates and Duties as aforesaid shall remain and continue, and be payable and paid, and be collected, received and taken, and the Monies which shall from time to time be received and produced from and by means of the same shall be applied and disposed of as in and by the said several recited Acts and hereinafter is mentioned and directed, until all such Sums of Money as are already advanced and paid, and which shall hereafter be advanced and paid, from and out of the said Consolidated Fund in pursuance of the said several Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall be thereby and therewith, or otherwise, fully repaid and replaced to the said Fund, with such Interest as aforesaid for the same respectively, in the mean Time and also until the yearly Dividends and Interest of the Stocks, Funds or Securities, to be purchased in the Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk, and Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of, with Monies

which shall arise from the said Rates and Duties, and to be purchased byway of Accumulation thereof, as in the first hereinbefore recited Act and hereinafter is mentioned, shall be sufficient for the Payment of the Costs and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering and renewing the said Mooring Chains, and laying down others as aforesaid, and the Payment of the Salaries and Wages of the Harbour Masters and their Assistants in the said first recited Act mentioned; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall

from time to time be received and produced from and by means of the Rates and Duties granted and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, by the first hereinbefore recited Act and this Act, shall henceforth be applied and disposed of in the Manner following; (that is to say) , in the first Place, so much thereof shall be paid into the Chamber of the City of London as shall be sufficient from time to time not only for defrajdng all the necessary Costs' and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering and renewing the Mooring Chains now lying, and which shall hereafter lie or be in the River Thames, but also for paying the Salaries and Wages of the said Harbour Masters and their Assistants, pursuant to the first hereinbefore recited Act; and the Monies so to be paid into the said Chamber for these Purposes shall be applied by the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of,

and their Successors, in defraying the same Costs and Charges, and paying the same Salaries and Wages accordingly; and subject thereto, the Residue or Overplus of such Monies so to be received

and

The Rates and Duties granted by the first recited Act and this Act, charged with the Repayment of the Advances made and to be made out of Consoli -dated Fund.

Application of Monies to be produced by the Rates and Duties granted by the first recited Act and this Act.

428 C. cxxiv. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Common Council to pay the Costs of obtaining this Act out of the‘Monies to be advanced from the Consolidated Fund.

Treasury to purchase the legal Quays, &c. within Three Years under Powers in 39.&40 G.3. c.xlvii. j

and produced, shall be applied from time to time in repaying and replacing to the said Consolidated Fund, all such Sums of Monies as have been already advanced and paid, and shall be hereafter advanced and paid thereout, in pursuance of the several hereinbefore recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, with Interest for the same respectively, in the mean Time, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and when all the Monies which shall be so as aforesaid advanced and paid out of the said Consolidated Fund shall, by the Means last mentioned or otherwise, be fully repaid with Interest as before mentioned, then and from thenceforth such Residue or Overplus of the Monies to be received and produced from and by the said Rates and Duties, by the first hereinbefore recited Act and this Act granted or made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall, from time to time, as and when received, be laid out or invested in the Purchase of Stock in some of the publick Stocks or Funds, or upon Government or Real Securities, at Interest, in the Names of the Chamberlain, Town Clerk and Comptroller of the Chamber of the City of London for the time being, who shall from time to time lay out and invest the yearly Dividends or Interest of the Stocks, Funds and Securities so purchased, and of all Accumulations thereof, in their Names, in like Manner, for the Purpose of Accumulation, until the yearly Dividends and Interest of all the Stocks, Funds and Securities so purchased, shall be sufficient for the Payment of the Costs and Charges of maintaining, repairing, altering and renewing the said Mooring Chains, and laying down others as aforesaid, if and when necessary, and the Payment of the Salaries and Wages of the said Harbour Masters and their Assistants; and when and so soon as the same yearly Dividends and Interest shall be fully sufficient for the Purposes last mentioned, then and from thenceforth the several Rates and Duties by the first hereinbefore recited Act and this Act granted and made payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, shall cease and be no longer paid or payable; any Thing in the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it also enacted, That the said Mayor, Aldermen

and Commons of the City of L, in Common Council assembled, shall pay and discharge all the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, with and out of any of the Monies paid or to be paid into the Chamber of the City of,

from and out of the said Consolidated Fund, in pursuance of the said recited Acts of the Thirty ninth and Forty second Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and this Act or any of them, as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby required, within the Period of Three (a) Years next after the passing of this Act, to purchase of the several Owners, Lessees and Occupiers of all or any of the legal Quays and Warehouses, Buildings and other Works annexed thereto, or usually occupied or employed therewith, situate between

(a) [See46 G.3. c. 118. — 47 3. 2. c. 60. - 52 3.

, c. 49. §1.-54 G. 3. c. 45.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxiv. 429

London Bridge and the Tower of L *, or any Part or

Parts thereof, their several and respective Estates and Interests of and in the same Premises respectively; and it shall also be lawful for the said Lord High Treasurer or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and they are hereby authorized (in case they shall deem it expedient) to purchase any Dwelling and Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or Premises, situate adjoining to Houses, &c. any of such legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or other Works aforesaid; and for the Purposes aforesaid all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties,

Forfeitures, Matters and Things in the said recited Act of the Former Acts Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid contained, relating to in force, any such legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or other Works, or the purchasing thereof, or in the said recited Acts of the Thirty ninth Year, and Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid contained, authorizing and empowering Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or other Persons having qualified or partial Estates or Interests, or Husbands, Feme Coverts, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust for Charities or other Purposes, Committees,

Executors or Administrators, or any other Persons whatever, under any Incapacities or Inabilities, on Behalf of themselves or others, to treat, and to compel any such Corporation or Persons to treat and agree for the Sale of any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Premises, or in any wise relating thereto, or for ascertaining the Value of any such Premises in case of any Refusal or Inability to treat, or for completing any such Purchases, or obtaining Possession of any such Premises, or any other Matter or Thing relating thereto, shall, as far as the same are applicable or can be applied, extend and be construed to extend to this present Act, and shall operate and be in Force in respect to this Act, and the Purposes of enabling the Lords Commissioners to complete the Purchases of the said legal Quays, Warehouses, Buildings or Works aforesaid, or any Dwelling Houses, Warehouses, Buildings or other Premises adjoining thereto, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all or any Value of Proof such legal Quays, Warehouses, Dwelling Houses, Buildings, and pertypurchased, also all Good Will or other Matters relating to the same, shall be estimated as if estimated according to what the same would have been worth if h^ot beenTn the several Improvements intended or carried into Execution, Contemplation! under or by virtue of any or either of the said recited Acts, or

of this Act, had not been in Contemplation.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Sums of Limitation of Money to be paid for any such legal Qua} ^, Warehouses, Dwell- Time for Paying Houses or other Buildings, as also for Good Will or any other ment of Matter relating to the same, shall be respectively paid within Six Money*6 Months after the respective Prices or Sums of Money to be paid

or given for the same respectively shall have been agreed upon or ascertained by the Verdict of any Jury, pursuant to the Provisions

430

Purchases not to extend to Billingsgate Dock or Market.

Powers of the first recited Act, so far as are not altered or rendered unnecessary by this Act, to extend to this Act.

[Public Act.]

[See 54 G.3. c. ccxxviii.]

C.cxxiv. — cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

visions of the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize or empower the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to purchase the Dock called Billingsgate, or any Part thereof, or the Piece of Ground at the North End of the said Dock, called Room Land, or to alter, 'reduce or lessen

Market, or the Scite of the said Market, or to purchase any of the Houses or Buildings used or occupied as Part of the said Market or appurtenant to the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever, in the said first hereinbefore recited Act contained, in relation to the said Rates and Duties thereby granted, or the levying, recovering, collecting, receiving, taking, paying and accounting for the same, or in relation to any other Act, Matter or Thing whatever, shall, so far as the same or any of them are applicable to the Rates and Duties granted by this Act or to any other of the Purposes thereof, and not hereby repealed, altered or otherwise provided for or rendered unnecessary, extend and be construed to extend to the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and to all the other Purposes thereof, and shall operate and be in force in respect to the said Rates and Duties and other Purposes of this Act, according to the true Meaning of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the same Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publio Act, and shall be taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

[See 45 G. 3. c.lxiii. — 47 G. 3. 2. c. xxxi. of this

Act extended to 50 G. 3. c. 22. See § 1. o/* that Act.']

Cap. cxxv.

An Act for regulating the Markets within the Town of,

in the County Palatine of Lanc, and for improving the Streets and other Places within the said Town.

[13 th 1803.]

Cap. cxxvi.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Port of, by

making Docks and other Works at Blackmail, for the Accommodation of the East India Shipping in the said Port.

[27th 1803.]

WHEREAS the Ships in the Employ of the East India

W Company are of a larger Size than other Vessels employed

by Merchants in Trade, and many of them nearly equal in Bulk to Ships of the Line in the Royal Navy: And Whereas the Cargoes and Merchandize on board of such Ships are of great Value and National Importance: And Whereas by the present System

A.D. 180S.

43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

431

« of loading and discharging the Cargoes of such Ships, the Navigation of the River Thames is frequently impeded, and Delays,

Losses and Inconveniences experienced, and the Cargoes and

Stores of such Ships are subject to Plunder, and the East India

Company and Owners thereof injured, and the Public Revenue e defrauded to a considerable Amount: And Whereas if good and

sufficient Wet Docks and Basons, with necessary Accommod-

ations and Requisites for the Reception of East India Ships were

made at or near Blackball, in the County of the Evils

and Mischiefs aforesaid might be greatly remedied or prevented:

‘ And Whereas several Persons have entered into a Subscription i towards raising a Capital or Joint Stock or Fund, for making ‘ and completing such Docks, Basons and other Works hereinafter

more particularly mentioned; but the same cannot be made and

i completed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May ‘ it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, Sir Richard Neave Baronet, Sir William Curtis Baronet, Moses Agar, John Atkins, Henry Bonham, William, Abel

Chapman, Gabriel Gillet, George, Joseph Huddart,

Pascal Larkins, Richard Letoin the younger, John, William

Moffat, John Perry, John Perry the jmunger, Philip, John

Prinsep, Robert Taylor, John Wed, John, William Wells the younger, Robert Wigram, Robert the younger,

and John Woolmore, Esquires, and all such Persons as shall after

the passing of this Act agree and be permitted by the several Persons hereinbefore named, or the major Part of them, to become and be Members of the said Company, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, Assigns, and all and every other Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, who shall according to the Conditions and Restrictions hereinafter set forth, be possessed of any Part or Share of the joint Stock of the said Company, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall, (so long as they shall hold the same and no longer) be, and they and their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (holding for the time being any Share or Shares in the said Stock as aforesaid) are hereby declared to be united into a Company or Association of Proprietors of the Docks hereby authorized and directed to be made, and of the Basons, Entrances and other Works which shall belong thereto or be held therewith; which Company shall be known by, and shall use the Style and Firm of The East India Bock Company, and shall have such Powers and Authorities as are hereinafter given to them.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the said Docks, Basons and all other Works and Conveniences necessary thereto, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds (save and except as hereinafter mentioned) , and such Sum of Money shall be divided into Shares

of

Present Subscribers,

with future Subscribers and their Successors united into a Company of Proprietors, to be styled the East India Dock Company.

Money to be raised and divided into Shares.

432

C. cxxvL

A.D. 1803.

The Proprietors empowered to sell and transfer their Shares.

No Persons answerable for more than their respective Stock.

Company to pay

51. and 101. per Centum as Interest or Dividends on the Monies subscribed, in the Cases herein mentioned.

43 GEO. III.

of One hundred Pounds each, and such Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons so subscribing, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionable to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all and every Part and Share of the said Stock shall be deemed to be Personal Estate, and pass by Transfer in the Book or Books of the said Company, signed by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, or his, her or their Attorney thereunto duly authorized, and not otherwise, and shall be transmissible and pass by Will as such Personal Estate, and in case of no Will, shall be distributable according to the Nature of Intestates Personal Estates.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the said Shares to sell, transfer and dispose of his, her or their Shares respectively, subject to the Rules and Conditions hereinafter mentioned; and that each and every Purchaser of any Share or Shares, shall cause an Entry to be made in the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company of all such Sales or Transfers; and such Clerk or Clerks is and are hereby required to make such Entry or Transfer accordingly; and until such Transfer is entered as above, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part, Share or Interest in the Capital Stock or Profits of the said Undertaking, or the Money raised by virtue of this Act, or any Vote as Proprietor or Proprietors, any Thing in this Act contained to the contary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or make liable any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who is, are or shall be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, or Contributor or Contributors thereto, or his, her or their Real or Personal Estate, with any Debt or Demand whatsoever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent of his, her or their respective Capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company, any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That until the said Docks, Basons and other Works hereby authorized and directed to be made, shall be made, built and completed, the said Company shall, and they are hereby empowered and directed to pay Interest or Dividends after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per Annum upon the Principal Monies which for the time being shall be so subscribed and actually paid as aforesaid, which Interest shall commence and be computed from the Time or respective Times of Payment of such Principal Monies, or of the Instalments thereof respectively, and from and after the Time when the same Docks, Basons and other Works shall be made, built and completed, the said Company shall and they are hereby empowered and directed to pay such further Interest or Dividends, not exceeding in the Whole the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the Principal Monies which for the time being shall be so subscribed and actually paid as aforesaid, as shall be from time to time resolved on and determined at the General Meetings of the said Company.

A.D. 1803.

•43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

433

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company, at any one or more of their General Meetings to be specially called for that Purpose, by such Ways and Means as at such General Meeting or Meetings so called shall be thought expedient, to raise and augment the said Capital of Two hundred thousand Pounds so subscribed or to be subscribed as aforesaid, to any such further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Three hundred thousand Pounds of Capital, as by such General Meeting of the Majority of Votes of the Proprietors present thereat shall be deemed necessary and expedient.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Directors for managing the Concerns of the said Company, herein named and appointed or to be appointed in Manner herein directed, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power from time to time to call for, audit and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid out and disbursed for the Purposes of this Act, by the Receivers and other Officers and Persons employed under the Authority of this Act, and to make such Call or Calls of Money from the said Proprietors, according to the Amount of their several Shares in the said Undertaking, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of carrying on the Works authorized or directed by this Act to be made and executed, and for carrying this Act into Execution, as by them the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall from time to time be found wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds on the Sum or Sums so subscribed, and so as no Call be made but at the Distance of Two Calendar Months at the least from the preceding Call; which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Directors shall from time to time appoint or direct for the Use of the said Undertaking, and the Owner or Owners of every Share in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her or their Proportion or Proportions of the Monies called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place, and in such Manner as shall be appointed for that Purpose as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Call or Calls as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Directors, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Share which he, she or they may have or be entitled to in the said Undertaking, and in every such Case the said East India Dock Company are hereby empowered to sue for and recover in any Court, or Courts of Law or Equity every or any such Call, or any Part thereof, so neglected or refused to be paid; and in case such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall neglect or refuse to pay such Call or Calls so made as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time, or any of the respective Times appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the same may be sued for and recovered by the said East India Dock Company, as last hereinbefore is mentioned, or otherwise, at the Option of the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so neglecting to pay the same, shall forfeit all his, her or their Share and Shares in the

43 Geo. III. F f said

The Company may increase their Stock.

The Company^ Directors empowered to audit Accounts of Receivers, &c.

And to call for Subscriptions.

Times for such Calls.

Parties neglecting to pay Calls.

[Penalty.]

Second neglect to pay.

Share forfeited.

434

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

No Advantage of any Forfeiture to be taken until Notice, nor unless same be declared forfeited at a Meeting.

Representatives of Proprietors before Call (no Provision being made for the same) charged therewith as Debtors.

In case the Capital of 200,000l. shall not be raised, &c. the Company may borrow such Sums as may amount in the whole to

300,000l.

said Undertaking; all which Forfeitures shall go to and for the Benefit of the Rest of the said Proprietors and their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (holding for the time being Shares in the said Undertaking)- in Proportion to their respective Interests.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any such Share or Shares, until Notice of such Forfeiture in Writing shall have been previously given or left by some Officer of the said Company to or with the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares, or left at his, her or their usual or last known Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some Meeting of the said Company, to be holden within Six Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and in case of such Forfeiture, the same shall be an Indemnification to and for every Proprietor so forfeiting for or on Account of all his or her Share and Shares as aforesaid, against all and every Action and Actions, Suits or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement betwixt such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting and the Rest of the Proprietors with regard to carrying on the said Works.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons subscribing or holding any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced on such Share or Shares, without having made Provision by Will, or otherwise in Writing, how the Money shall be paid upon Calls for the future, then and in every such Case the Executors or Administrators of such Owner or Owners shall be chargeable in respect of such Calls as for the Debts of that Testator or Intestate, or in case the Executors or Administrators, or Person or Persons entitled to the Personal Estate, shall refuse or neglect for the Space of Three Calendar Months to answer such Calls and Payments, the said Company shall be at liberty, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such Owner or Owners so deceased, on Condition that he, she or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her or their Lifetime, by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the same can be sold for (first deducting the Penalties that may have been incurred on Account thereof.)

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised by Subscription by and for the Use of the said Company, shall not be all raised as aforesaid, or in case the same shall be found insufficient for the making and completing of the said Docks, Basons, Sluices, Bridges and other the Works hereby authorized to be made by the said Directors, and for all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereunto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest, on

A.D. 1803.

135 GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

435

the Credit of the Rates by this Act granted to the said Company, and may assign such Sum or Sums of Money as, together with the said Sum of the Dock Rates Two hundred thousand Pounds so subscribed, or such Part thereof as a Security, as shall be actually raised as aforesaid, may make and amount to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, for completing and perfecting the said Works; and in order thereto, the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, are hereby fully authorized to assign over the Rates arising and made payable to the said Company by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Rates) , as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or their Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance the same, by the following Words of Assignment, or by any other Words to the same or the like Effect; () ,

‘ virtue of an Act made in the Forty third Year of the

4 Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled An

Act for [hereinsert the Title of this Act] We the Directors of

the East India Dock Company, in Consideration of the Sum 4 of of lawful Money of Great

Britain to us in Hand paid by

4 do assign unto the said his,

4 [her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns,

all and singular the Rates arising, granted and made payable to the said Company by virtue of the said Act, and also all the Estate, Right, Title and Interest of the said Company of, in and to the same, to hold unto the said

his [her or their] Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, until the same Sum of

together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of

per Centum per Annum shall be repaid."

Form of the Assignment.

And all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom such Assignment or Assignments shall be made, shall be equally entitled to his, her and their respective Proportions of the same Rates, according to the respective Sums in such Assignments mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Repayment thereof with the Interest as aforesaid, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so borrowed as aforesaid shall be applied as hereinafter is directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That Entries or Memorials of every such Assignment, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties and Sums of Money borrowed, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, which said Book or Books shall and may be perused at all seasonable Times by any of the Members or Creditors of the said Company, or other Persons interested in the Concerns of the said Company, without Fee or Reward; and that all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Assignment or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from time to time assign or transfer his, her or their Right, Title, Interest and Benefit to and in the said Principal and Interest Money

Ff 2 thereby

Persons taking such Assignments to be entitled to their respective Proportions of the Dock Rates.

Proper Entries of such Assignments to be made by the Company’s Clerk, and such Assignments to be transferable by indorsement.

436

C. cxxvi.

43<

GEdTIII.

A.D. 1803.

Form of Indorsement.

Indorsement to be notified within Fourteen Days to the Clerk.

Interest on Money so borrowed to be paid Half-yearly in Preference to the Dividends.

Application of the Monies to be subscribed, &c.

thereby secured, to any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, by indorsing on the Back of such Security, to be attested by any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, the following Words, or Words to the like Effect:

(videlicet),

‘ J A.B. do transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title

i _ 9 to the Principal Money thereby secured, and to all the Interest Money now due or hereafter to be due for the same, unto ‘ C.D. his [her or their] Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

Dated this Day of

4 Witness A.B. E. ’

Which Transfer shall, within Fourteen Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sum or Sums of Money therein transferred, in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Assignments; and after such Entry made, but not till then, every such Assignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees may assign the same again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any such Person or Persons, who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release or discharge the same, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof: Provided nevertheless, that the said Company may at all Times pay off and discharge all such Assignments, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Ballot, on giving Six Calendar Months public Notice thereof in the London Gazette, and Two or more public Morning Newspapers usually circulated in London, and at the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months all Interest shall cease to be paid on the Principal Monies of the Payment of which such Notice shall have been given.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed by the said Company on Mortgage of the Rates as aforesaid, shall from the Time the said Money, or any Part thereof, shall have been advanced, be paid Half yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this Act to the said Company, or any of them, in respect of their Stock, or any Share or Shares thereof, and shall from time to time be fully paid and discharged, or provided for, before such Interest or Dividends due to the said Company, or any of them, shall be paid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds subscribed or intended to be subscribed or contributed by the said East India Dock Company, for their Capital or Joint Stock, and all other Monies which shall be hereafter subscribed by them for increasing their Capital as aforesaid, together with the several Sums of Money to be produced and received by and from, and raised and borrowed upon the Credit of the Rates made payable to the said Company by this Act, shall form and become One aggregate Fund; and all the Monies which shall be subscribed, collected, received, levied, raised and borrowed

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

43V

rowed by the said Company, or by the said Directors, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be applied and disposed of, in the First Place, in paying the Charges and Expences incident to and incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and afterwards in paying and discharging the Consideration or Purchase Money, and other Costs and Charges incident to the purchasing and obtaining Conveyances of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be purchased for the Use of, and conveyed or vested in Trust for the said East India Dock Company as aforesaid, and in the next Place, in paying the Interest of the Monies which shall be borrowed by the said Company upon the Credit of the said Rates, if any shall be so borrowed, and in paying such yearly or other Sums of Money as are herein directed to be paid by the said East India Dock Company, as and for Compensations for Losses and Deficiencies of Tythes, Taxes, Sewers Rates and other Rates and Assessments, and subject thereto, then in defraying the necessary Charges and Expences of making, completing, maintaining and supporting, and attending, managing and regulating the said Docks, Basons and other Works which are to be made and done by the said Directors in pursuance of this Act, and then in paying the Interest or Dividends upon the Principal Monies which for the time being shall be so subscribed by the Members of the said Company, and actually paid as aforesaid, and in making Satisfaction and Compensation for any Damages that may be done or committed by the Execution of any of the Powers in this Act contained; and that the Residue or Surplus of such Monies shall from time to time be applied in and towards the Repayment of the Principal Monies which shall be borrowed by the said Company upon the Credit of the Rates hereby granted to them, until all the said Principal Monies shall be repaid, and in or towards executing such of the other Purposes of this Act as are to be executed by the said Directors; and when, by the Means last mentioned or otherwise, the Principal Monies so to be borrowed by the said Company shall be all repaid as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Rates by this Act granted to the said Company shall be lowered in the Manner herein directed, as far as the same can under the then existing Circumstances be done with Prudence and Safety.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from time to time there Clerk of the shall be provided and kept by the Clerk or Secretary of the said Company to Company for the time being, One or more Book or Books, in of^eTts and which as well all the Monies to be subscribed as aforesaid, and all Disbursements, the Monies to be received as and for the several Rates and Duties granted to the said Company by this Act, as also all the Monies which by virtue of this Act shall be raised or borrowed and received by the said Company upon the Credit of such Rates and Duties, shall from time to time, as the same shall be received, be entered and set down, and wherein also all the Monies paid and disbursed out of the Monies so to be received by the said Company shall from time to time be entered and set down; and such Entries shall express the Times when, the Occasion for which, and the Names of the Persons to whom such Monies shall have been paid.

F f 3 XV. And

4-38

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

General Meetings to be within the City of London.

XV. And be it further enacted, That Two General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors shall be holden in each and every Year, whereof One Meeting shall be holden on the Second Monday in the Month of January and the other on the Second Monday in the Month of July, in each and every Year; and that all General Meetings of the said Company shall consist of Ten of the said Proprietors at least, and shall be holden within the City of London, between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in

Directors of the said Company.

Subsequent Appointment of Four Dock Directors (by the Directors of the East India Company) in the Room of any who shall die, refuse to act, or cease to be an East India Director for Two Years.

the Afternoon, and all subsequent General Meetings shall be holden within the said City of London; and that all such Orders and Determinations of the said Company, as shall be authorized by this Act, and shall be made at any such General Meetings respectively holden by virtue of this Act, and not otherwise, shall be binding and conclusive to all the Members of the said Company.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That John Roberts, Stephen Williams, Joseph Cotton and William Thornton, Esquires, Four of the Directors of the said East India Company, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein directed, together with Sir William Curtis Baronet, John Atkins, Henry Bonham, Abel Chapman, Joseph Huddart, Richard the younger, William

Wells the younger, Robert Wigrcim and John Woolmore, Esquires, Nine of the Members of the said East India Dock Company, and their Successors, to be appointed in Manner herein directed, shall be and be called The Directors of the East India Dock Company.

XVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said John Roberts, Stephen Williams, Joseph Cotton and William Thornton, or any of them, or any Person or Persons to be nominated or appointed in his or their Room or Stead as a Director or Directors of the said East India Dock Company, shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall cease to be a Director or Directors of the said East India Companjq for the Space of Two succeeding Years, then and in every such Case the Directors of the said East India Company shall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, in such Manner as to them shall seem right and proper, some other Person or Persons, but of the Directors of the said East India Company, to be a Director or Directors of the said East India Dock Company in the Room or Stead of the Director or Directors of the said East India Dock Company so dying, refusing to act or ceasing to be a Director or Directors of the said East India Company, for the Space of Two Years; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated and

appointed.

Subsequent

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Nine

Appointment Directors named in this Act from the Members of the said East

of Dock Direc- India Dock Company, or the Person or Persons appointed in their

Room or Stead, shall continue in Office until the Second Monday in the Month of July which shall next happen after any Rate, granted or made payable by this Act for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel entering into or using any of the Docks or Basons to be

made

Court of Proprietors) in the Room of those going out of

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

439

made by virtue of this Act, shall have been demanded and taken, Office by Ro-and on such Day Three of the said Directors shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and in Manner herein order to determine who of the said Directors shall go out of mentioned. Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, the Clerk or Secretary of the said Company, at the Meeting of the said Company to be holden on that Day, (or some Adjournment thereof) , shall and he is hereby required to write upon Nine distinct Pieces of Paper, of equal Size, the Name of One of each of the said Directors, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and Three of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel, by such Clerk or Secretary, One by One, and the Three Directors, whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn, shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint Three other Members of the said Company, who shall Qualification severally be possessed of and entitled to Twenty Shares at the Persons noleast in the said Undertaking, and shall also be a Director of the 346

East India Company, or an Agent, Husband or Consignee of some Ship in the Employ of the said East India Company, or legally possessed in his own Right of a certain Part or Share of the Value of Five hundred Pounds at least, of and in some Ship or Ships then actually in the Employ of the said East India Company, and such Three Persons so appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of, Three Years, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid) , and no longer; and on the Second Monday in the next succeeding Month of July, Three more of the Directors named from the Members of the said Company in this Act, or the Person or Persons appointed in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be Directors of the said Company; and in order to determine who of such Six Directors shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, the Clerk or Secretary of the said Company, at the Meeting of the said Company to be holden on that Day, (or some Adjournment thereof) , shall and he is hereby required to write upon Six distinct Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, the Name of One of each of such Directors, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the same Form, as near as may be, and put into a Box or Wheel by such Clerk or Secretary, and Three of such Papers shall be then drawn out of such Box or Wheel by such Clerk or Secretary, One by One, and the Directors whose Names shall be upon such Papers respectively so drawn shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint Three other Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such Three Directors, and such Three Persons so nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid) , and no longer; and on the Second Monday in the next succeeding Month of the Three remaining Directors, named from the Members of the said Company, or the Person or Persons appointed in his or their Room or

440 c. CXXVI. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

In case Directors are not appointed on the Day mentioned, another Meeting to be had for that Purpose.

Stead, shall go out of Office and cease to be Directors of the said Company, and the said Company shall, at their Meeting to be holden on that Day, nominate and appoint such Three other Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, to be Directors of the said Company in the Room or Stead of such Three Directors, and such Three Persons so nominated and appointed shah continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid) , and no longer; and on the Second Monday in every succeeding Month of July in each and every Year, Three Directors out of the Members of the said Company, qualified aforesaid, shall be nominated and appointed by the said Company, and such Three Directors shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years, (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be so qualified as aforesaid) , and no longer.

XIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any such Second Monday in the Month of July in any Year, no such* Nomination and Appointment of such Three Directors shall be made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Monday following, for the Purpose of making such Election, and in case no such Nomination and Appointment of such Three Directors shall be then made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Monday following for the Purpose of making such Election, and so toties quoties until such Three Directors shall be chosen, but such Three Directors shall not continue in Office, or be Directors of the said Company for any longer Space of Time than if they been elected on the said Second Monday in the Month of July as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sir William Curtis Baronet, John Henry, Abel,

Joseph Huddart, Richard the younger, William Wells the

younger, Robert Wigram and John Woolmore, or any of them, or

in the Room of any Person or Persons to be nominated and appointed by the said those who shall East India Dock Company, as a Director or Directors of the said East India Dock Company, shall die, or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall not, or cease to be entitled to Twenty Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, or cease to be a Director of the East India Company, or an Agent, Husband or Consignee of some Ship in the Employ of the East India Company, or legally possessed in his or their own Right of a certain Part or Share of the Value of One hundred Pounds at least of and in some Ship then actually in the Employ of the said India Company, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said East India Dock Company, to nominate and appoint, at some Meeting of the said East India Dock Company, some Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid, to be a Director or Directors of the said East India Dock Company, in the Room or Stead of the Director or Directors so dying or refusing to act, or ceasing to be so qualified; and every Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Person in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated and appointed, and shall continue in Office as a Director for such Time,

and

Subsequent Appointment of Dock Directors (by the Court of Proprietors)

die, refuse to act, or become disqualified.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 441

and no longer, as the Director in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated or appointed would have continued in Office.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall choose and elect from among themselves Two Persons to be the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the Meetings of the said Directors and of the Meetings of the said Dock Company, and shall and may meet at such Places within the City of, and at

such Time or Times as the major Part of such Directors so assembled (the Directors present not being less than Five) shall deem convenient, for executing the Powers given them by this Act; and if it shall so happen that at any Meeting of the said Directors, or at any General Meeting of the said Dock Company, neither the Chairman nor Deputy Chairman so to be chosen as aforesaid shall attend, it shall be lawful for the major Part of the Directors then present to appoint a Chairman for that Occasion; and all Motions and Questions to be made and put at such Meeting of the said Directors shall be decided by the Votes of the Majority of Directors then present; and in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Motion or Question, such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Nine or more of the Members of the said Dock Company, who shall severally be Proprietors of Ten Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, shall judge it necessary or expedient for carrying into Execution any of the Purposes of this Act, to have an extraordinary General Meeting of the said Company called, and shall request the same so to be called by Notice in Writing under their respective Hands, delivered to the Clerk or Secretary of the said Company for the time being, specifying in every such Notice the Business intended to be proceeded upon at such Meeting, then and in every such Case the Directors of the said Company shall, within Ten Days after Delivery of such Notice, and they are hereby required to call such extraordinary General Meeting, by giving Notice thereof in Writing to be affixed on the Royal Exchange in

London, and to be inserted in the London, and Two or more

Morning Newspapers circulated in London, to assemble at such Time and Place, within the Limits aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient, such Time not being sooner than Seven Days, nor later than One Calendar Month after such last mentioned Notice; and such Meeting shall be deemed a General Meeting of the said Dock Company, and all Proceedings thereat, relative to the Business specified in such Notice, shall be deemed good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, his, her or their Successors, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, who shall be a Proprietor or Proprietors of Five Shares in the said Undertaking, and less than Fifteen Shares, shall have One Vote at every General Meeting of the said Company; or Proprietor or Proprietors of Fifteen Shares in the said Undertaking, and less than Thirty Shares, Two Votes at every such Meeting; or Proprietor or Proprietors of Thirty Shares in the said Undertaking, and less than Fifty Shares, Three Votes at every such Meeting; or Proprietor or Proprietors of Fifty or more Shares in the said Undertaking, Four Votes, and no more, in every

General

Directors to appoint a Chairman and Deputy Chairman, and also Places and Times for their Meetings.

Nine Proprietors may request an extraordinary General Meeting to be called, by Notice to the Clerk or Secretary.

Qualification of Voters at the General Meetings.

Limitation to Four Votes,

442

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Questions decided by "Votes.

Chairman to have the casting Vote.

Or by Ballot, if required, and Chairman to have the casting Vote.

Chairman to have a casting Vote, although not a Proprietor of Shares.

Qualification to vote by Twelve Calendar Months Possession of Stock, &c;

General Meeting to be held by the said Company by virtue of this Act; and it shall not be lawful to or for any Person or Persons, not entitled respectively to Five Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, to have any Vote or Votes at any such Meeting; and every Question, Matter or Thing, which shall be proposed, discussed or considered in any General Meeting of the said Company to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes then present; and if such Votes shall be equal, the Chairman presiding at such Meeting shall have the casting Vote, although he shall have given his Vote or Votes as Proprietor; and every Question, if required by any Nine or more Persons respectively, having Ten Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, shall be determined by Ballot, to be entered upon and completed forthwith, in which Case the Chairman for the time being shall in like Manner have a casting Vote.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case such Chairman at any such Meeting shall have been appointed by the Directors of the East India Company as a Director of the East India Dock Company, and shall not be a Proprietor of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, so as to entitle him to vote at a Meeting of the said East India Dock Company, then and in every such Case such Chairman shall not have any Vote at any such Meeting, save and except in case there shall be an Equality of Votes, and then such Chairman shall have the decisive or casting Vote, nor shall any Oath of Qualification be required from such Chairman for or on Account of his giving such Vote.

XXV. Provided always, That no Proprietor or Proprietors of any Shares in the said Undertaking shall vote at any General Meeting of the said Company, on any Question whatsoever, (after the Expiration of Three Years from the passing of this Act), unless he, she or they shall be possessed of such Shares in his, her or their own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons whomsoever, and except such Proprietor or Proprietors shall have been legally possessed of such Shares Twelve Calendar Months previously to his, her or their voting as aforesaid, unless such Shares shall have come to such Proprietor or Proprietors by Bequest, Marriage or the Intestacy of the former Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or by the Custom of the City of, or by Settlement, and unless such Proprietor or Proprietors shall, at the Time of voting as aforesaid, be in the Situation, or of one of the Descriptions hereinafter mentioned; that is to say, a Director of the East India Company, or a Director of the said India Company within the Space of Two Years, or an Agent, Husband or Consignee of some Ship then actually in the Employ of the East India Company, or legally possessed in his or her own Right of a certain Part or Share of the Value of Five hundred Pounds at least in some Ship or Ships then actually in the Employ of the said East India Company; and for better proving the Qualification of such Voter or Voters, the Chairman of every such General Meeting, or any Five or more of the said Directors present thereat, is and are hereby empowered to demand from, and tender to the Person or Persons offering or desiring to give such Vote or Votes, an Oath, or if he, she or they shall be one of the Persons called, a

solemn Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following:

20 ‘ I, B.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

443

‘ T A* B.one of the Proprietors of the East India Dock Company, Form of the

* 9 do swear, [or, being one of the People called, do so- Oath which

lemnly affirm], that the Shares of the Capital Stock of the East "andedfrom ‘ India Dock Company, standing in my Name in the Books of the Voters.

« said Company, do at this Time belong, and have, for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months last past, actually belonged to me ‘ in my own Right, and not in Trust for any Person or Persons

whomsoever; and that I have been in the actual Receipt of the ‘ Dividends and Profits thereof, for my own Use, freed and discharged of all Incumbrances which can or may affect the same, for

the Space of Twelve Calendar Months, [or, that the same came to me within the Time aforesaid, by Bequest, or, by Marriage, or,

by Succession to an Intestate’s Estate, or, by the Custom of the City of London, or, by Settlement], and that such Shares

{ have not been transferred or made over to me fraudulently or collusively on Purpose to qualify me to give my Vote; and that I ‘ am a Director of the East India Company, [or, have been a Director of the East India Company within the Space of Two Years,

or, the Agent, Husband or Consignee of the Ship, here insert the

Name of the Ship, now actually in the Employ of the East

India Company, or, that I am legally possessed in my own Right

of a certain Part or Share of the Value of Five hundred Pounds

or upwards, of and in the Ship or Ships, here insert the Name of the Ship or Ships, now actually in the Employ of the East India

Company], and that I have not before given my Vote at this ‘ Ballot.

'So help me GOD. ’

XXVI. And, for the Purpose of making the Docks, Basons,

£ Entrances and other Works by this Act authorized to be made

and established, and for the Purpose of having the clear Space ‘ of Thirty Feet of Land on the Outside of the Wall herein directed to be made for inclosing the said intended Docks, Basons

‘ and other Works; ’ Be it further enacted, That it shall and may Directors em-be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of powered to buy them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, for the Pur- Lands, &c. for (poses of this Act, to contract and agree, and employ any Person the Company, or Persons to contract and agree, with any Person or Persons whomsoever, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall be deemed necessary or expedient for the Purpose of making and establishing the said intended Docks, Basons, Entrances, Locks and other Works relating thereto, and authorized by this Act; and also for the absolute Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall lie or be situate within the Distance of Thirty Feet of the Wall herein directed to be made for inclosing such Docks, Basons and other Works as aforesaid.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing herein Houses and contained shall extend so as to enable the said East India Dock Buildings erect-Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Au- Jljne

thority, to take, use, injure or damage, for any of the Purposes of Gardens this Act, any House or other Building which was erected and built shall not’be on or before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred purchased for and two, or any Land or Ground which on the said First Day of the Company,

June

4-4? 4?

except with Consent of Owners.

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to sell such Ground, &c. as may be wanted.

C. cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 180S.

June was set apart and used as and for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, other than and except the Houses, Buildings and Hereditaments hereinafter mentioned; (that is to say) , Two Boiling Houses, with the Sheds, Plots of Ground and other Appurtenances thereunto belonging, situate at Blackball aforesaid, in the Occupation of James and Thomas Mather, and held by them under Leases thereof granted by John Perry Esquire, together with a Right to land Goods and Stores from Shipping lying in the Dock at Black-

ball aforesaid, and to carry such Goods and Stores from thence over certain Premises belonging to the said John Perry; and all which said Boiling Houses, Sheds, Plots of Ground and other Appurtenances, and the Right to land and carry Goods and Stores as aforesaid, shall be paid for by the said Company in like Manner, and be subject to the same Provisions, Rules and Regulations for ascertaining the Value thereof, and the Compensation to be made to the said James Mather and Thomas, for the same, as

are herein provided, with respect to any other Houses, Buildings, Lands and Premises, which the said Company are hereby authorized to purchase.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots or Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, to be purchased for any of the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract and agree with the said Directors for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell or convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever, of, in and to the same, to the said Company of Proprietors, for any of the Purposes of this Act; and that all Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming, or to claim by, from or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 445

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall be applied to by or on the Behalf of the said Directors, to treat for, sell, dispose of or convey, for any of the Purposes of this Act, any Part or Parts of any House or Building in the actual Occupation of One Person, or of several Persons jointly, and shall, by Notice in Writing to be left at the House of the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, within Ten Days next after such Application, signify his, her or their Inclination or Desire to treat for, sell, dispose of and convey the Whole of such House or Building, some Part whereof shall have been deemed necessary to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and if it shall happen that the said Directors shall not think proper or be willing to purchase the Whole of such House or Building, then and in every such Case nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to compel the respective Person or Persons interested therein to treat for, sell, dispose of or convey Part only or less than the Whole of every such House or Building, with the Offices, Curtilages, Yards and Passages adjoining and belonging thereto; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Directors shall not, within the Space of Five Years next after the passing of this Act, agree for, or cause to be valued, as hereinafter is mentioned, and purchase the Houses, Buildings, Land, Tenements and Hereditaments herein particularly mentioned and described, then and from thenceforth the Powers to them hereby granted for such Purpose shall only cease, determine and be utterly void and of no Effect; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any other Person or Persons seised or possessed of, or interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which the said India Dock Company are enabled to purchase for the several Purposes of this Act, shall refuse to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Absence or Disability cannot agree with the Directors of the said Company of Proprietors, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Interests therein, or cannot be found or known, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Premises they are in Possession of, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or of the Person or Persons so authorized by them, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more ot them, and they are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff or Bailiff of the City, District or Liberty wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be, and such Sheriff or Bailiff is hereby authorized, directed and required accordingly to empannel, summon and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterested Persons qualified to serve as Jurors, being not less than Forty eight nor more than Seventy two; and out of such Persons so to be empannelled, summoned and returned, a Jury of Twelve

Men

No Person compellable to sell Part of Premises if willing to sell the Whole unless in certain Cases.

Power of purchasing limited] to Five Years.

When Parties refuse or are unable to treat, &c. the Directors to issue a Precept for empannelling a Jury;

who are to be drawn as by stat. 3 G. 2.

c. 25.

446 *

Jurymen may be challenged.

Jury to assess the Value on Oath.

Verdict of the Jury, &c. final.

Previous Notice being given to Parties interested.

C.cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Men shall be drawn by some Person to be by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the Trial of Issues joined in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster are, by an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of Juries, directed to be drawn; which Persons so to be empannelled, summoned and returned as aforesaid, are hereby required to come and appear before the Justices of the Peace of the City, District or Liberty, wherein the Premises shall lie or be, at some Court of General or Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden in and for the same City, District or Liberty, or at such Adjournment thereof as in such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend such Court of General or Quarter Session from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court; and all Parties concerned shall and may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at Liberty to challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts, from time to time as Occasion shall require, to call before them all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises, and the said Justices, if they think fit, shall and may, on the Application of either Party, likewise authorize the said Jury to view the Place or Places, or Premises in question, in such Manner as they shall direct; and the said Justices shall have Power to adjourn such Court from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, Witnesses and Parties to attend until all such Affairs for which they were summoned shall be concluded; and the said Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as also the Oath of such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justices are hereby empowered and required to administer) , shall enquire of the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of the proportionable Value of the respective Estates and Interests of all and every Person and Persons seised or possessed thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part or Parts thereof, and shall assess and award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons, Party or Parties respectively, for the Purchase of such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and also for Goodwill, Improvements or any Injury or Damage whatsoever, that may affect any such Person or Persons, Party or Parties, either as Leaseholder or Tenant at Will, and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment for such Sums or Sums of Money so to be assessed; which said Verdict or Verdicts, and the said Judgment and Judgments, Determination and Determinations thereupon, (Notice in Writing being given to the Person or Persons interested, or claiming so to be, at least Fourteen Days before the Time of the Meeting of the said Justices as aforesaid, and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling House of such Person or Persons, or at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or with some Tenant or Occupier of the Premises respectively intended to be valued) , shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes what- soever

A.D. 180S.

48° GEO. III. C. cxx vl.

447

soever against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all and every Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Use or Interest in, to or out of such ITouses, Buildings, Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, apd Premises, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or Expectancy, as well Infants and Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other legal Incapacity or Disability, as all other Cestuique Trusts, their, his and her Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever; and the said Verdicts, Judgments and Determination, and all other Proceedings of the said Justices and Juries, so to be made, given and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, District oc Liberty wherein the Premises shall respectively lie or be; and in case it shall so happen that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed and awarded in consequence of such Refusal to treat and agree as aforesaid, as the Value of such Houses, Buildings, Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, or as such proportionable Values as aforesaid, and as the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made for the Injury or Damage sustained, as before mentioned respectively, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Directors, or any Person or Persons authorized by them shall have previously offered to pay, as and for such Value, Recompence and Satisfaction, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Costs, Charges and Expences of causing and procuring such Value and Recompence to be assessed and awarded as aforesaid, and of so assessing and awarding the same, shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possessed of, or interested in such Houses, Buildings, Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively, and the said Directors are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said Costs, Charges and Expences out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be assessed or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices shall have Power, from time to time, to impose any reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or Bailiff, or his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents respectively, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, and shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury or Juries, or being so sworn shall not give his or their Verdict, and also on any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend, or attending shall refuse to be sworn, or to affirm, or who shall refuse to give his, her or their Evidence, and on any Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from time to time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners; and a Copy of the Order of the

said

Proceedings be written on Parchment and signed by Clerk of the Peace.

Costs by whom paid.

Justices at Quarter Sessions empowered to impose Fines for Non-attendance, &c.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

448

Application of Compensation when amounting to 2001.

C. cxxvi.

said Justices, signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the time being of the City, District or Liberty wherein the Premises shall lie or be, as the Case shall require, shall be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person acting or aiding and assisting therein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to the Clerk or Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors for the time being, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Land, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Trusts, or to any

Person whose Land, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of, in the Name

and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Company of Proprietors, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and] with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase and Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Land, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Land, Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Land, Tenements and

tlere-

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

U9

Application where the Compensation shall be less than 2001. and exceed 201.

Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlements were made.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there shall be any Money to be paid for any Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, which shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and which shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons who for the time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land. Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery; and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) , in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so to be paid as aforesaid shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Person who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land, Tenements and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons not Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded making out a as aforesaid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Here- g°pd Title, or ditaments, shall refuse to accept the same, or shall not be able to cepTth<f Money make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Or when Per-Directors, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or sons entitled Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded cannot be

as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons en- found, the Pur-titled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or ^paid ^to the discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful Bank, to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments (describing them) , subject to the 43 Geo. III. G g Order,

Application where the Money is less than 201.

* 50 C.cxxvi. *3° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Order, Controul and Disposition of the, said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the same is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That

Question shall where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person the Title to Mo- to any JM°ney to he paid into the Bank of, in the Name

ney to be paid, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of the Person who Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any shall be in Pos- Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or In-session of the terest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased Time*such *n Pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased Purchase, shall with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such be deemed en- Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in titled thereto, Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the according to Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such urdess°&cSS1°n* Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Per-’’sons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to

such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court of

XXXVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by wderTeason^ reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or able Expences Corporations entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of Purchases to to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase be paid by the Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court

Company. of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from time to time, to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Dock Company, shall from time to time

21 pay

43° GEO. III.

451

A.D. 1803.

C. cxxvi.

pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or Tender of the Money so contracted or agreed for the Purchase of such Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, by the said Directors, to the Party or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or their Agents, or upon Payment thereof into the Bank of,

for the Purpose of being disposed of in Manner hereinbefore directed, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demands, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons respectively for whose Use the same was paid, into or out of such Land, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Company of Proprietors, for the Use and Purposes of this Act, and the said Directors may cause immediate Possession to be taken thereof in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors; and such Tender or Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder, of his, her or their Issue, and of every other Person whomsoever.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Land, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased by the said Directors for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall be in Mortgage to any Person or Persons whomsoever, then and in such Case the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required, to pay or cause to be paid to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, upon Application in Writing made to the said Directors or their Clerk, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been so agreed on, ascertained and determined as aforesaid, for the Purchase of such Land, Tenements and Hereditaments; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so paid, shall be and be deemed to be in Discharge of Part or the Whole of the Principal Money (as the Case may be) due on such Mortgage or Mortgages; and Acknowledgment of the Receipt thereof shall be made by Indorsement on the Mortgage Deed or Deeds, signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and which Indorsement shall be and be deemed to be a full and sufficient Discharge to the said Company of Proprietors from the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and also a full and sufficient Discharge to the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, from the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for as much Money as shall be expressed therein.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Agents, Workmen and Servants, within the Space of Five Years from and after the passing of this Act, to design, lay out, make and complete, in, over and upon

On Payment of Purchase Money Premises to be conveyed.

Purchase Money to be paid in Discharge of the Mortgage.

Indorsement on Mortgage Deed signed by Mortgagee a good Discharge.

Directors empowered to make Wet Docks.

452

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Directors empowered to build a Wall round the Docks.

Directors empowered to build Piers, to facilitate the Entrances into the Dock.

Proviso for Navigation of River.

Power to make and repair Sluices, Bridges,

Roads, &c.

Drains to be made to carry-off Water from private Property.

the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so purchased by virtue of this Act, and hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors, or in Trust for their Use, within the several Parishes of Saint Dunstan Stebonheath, otherwise Stepney-, and Bromley Saint Leonard, in the County of Middlesex, according £o such Plan or Plans, and in such Manner and Form as they shall approve of, One or more Navigable Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, with Entrances into and from the same, to communicate with the River Thames at or near Blackwall aforesaid.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Docks and Basons as shall be used for the unloading of Ships or Vessels, shall be surrounded and inclosed by a strong and durable Brick or Stone Wall, not less than Twenty Feet high, leaving only proper Spaces in such Wall for the necessary Entrances to such Docks, Basons and other Works, and for the proper and necessary Gateways through the said Wall: Provided always, that it shall not be lawful to or for the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, to erect or cause to be erected any House or other Building on any Lands or Grounds within the Distance of Thirty Feet of the external Part of such Wall.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors to build, repair and retain Two or more Piers within the Tideway of the River, at or near Blackwall

aforesaid, to the Intent that Ships, Barges and other Vessels may safely and conveniently enter into and go out of the said intended Docks and Basons hereby authorized to be made, and for that Purpose to make and erect Coffre Dams, ' Battredeaux, Caissons and other Devices, or any of them, within the Tideway of the River Thames, as may be necessary or proper, during such Time

or Times as such Piers, or any of them, or any of the Works thereto respectively belonging, shall be building, altering or repairing, and no longer: Provided nevertheless, that such Piers shall not be built so as to injure the Navigation of the said River.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and may likewise make or cause to be made and provided such Sluices, Locks, Flood Gates, Engines, Machines, Pipes, Bridges, Roads and other Works, Requisites, Matters and Things, in or upon, or leading to or communicating with the said intended Docks and Basons, or any of them, as they shall from time to time deem necessary, for the more convenient Use thereof, and of the other Works appertaining thereto, and from time to time and at all times hereafter shall also, with and out of the Monies to be received by the said Company by virtue of this Act, well and sufficiently amend, repair, maintain, support and cleanse the same Docks, Basons, Sluices, Locks, Flood Gates, Engines, Machines, Pipes, Bridges and other Works, Matters and Things respectively.

1 XLV. And to the End that the said intended Docks and Basons ‘ hereby authorized to be made, may be carried on and maintained f with as littleDamage to private Property as possible Be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall and they are hereby authorized and required, from time to time and at all times hereafter, out of the Monies to arise to and be received by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, to make or cause to be made such Arches, Tunnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains and other Passages over, under

or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

4 53

or adjoining, or by the Side of or into the said Docks and Basons, and the Trenches, Streams and Watercourses communicating therewith respectively, and of such Depth, Breadth and Dimension, as shall be sufficient at all Times to convey the Water clear from the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, adjoining or lying near to the said Works, or any of them, without obstructing or impounding the same, provided that such Arches, Tunnels, Culverts, Drains and other Passages be done to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of Sewers, or so as that they shall have no reasonable Cause to disapprove thereof; and likewise to make or cause to be made any such Back Drain or Back Drains as may be necessary, and shall be sufficient to carry off any Water which may ooze or pass through any of the Banks of the said Docks, Basons and other Works, or any of them, to the Prejudice of any of the Lands, Grounds, Houses and Tenements adjoining or contiguous thereto, making Satisfaction for the Land taken and used for making such Back Drain or Back Drains, and for the Damages borne and suffered until the same be completed; and also to make proper Watering Places for Cattle where any ancient Watering Places for Cattle shall be destroyed or rendered inaccessible, and also in like Manner to supply the same at all Times with Water for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Hereditaments adjoining the said Works; and that all such Arches, Bridges, Tunnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains and other Passages shall, from time to time, be supported, maintained, scoured and kept in good and sufficient Repair by the said Directors; and if at any Time or Times after One Calendar Month’s Notice in Writing shall have been given to or left for the Clerk of the said Company, or some known Agent of the said Works, by or on Behalf of any of the said Owners or Occupiers of Lands or Premises adjoining or near the said Works, or any of them, that the Arches, Tunnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains or other Passages, or any of them, are not or is not made, cleansed and repaired according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and the same shall not be forthwith made, cleansed and deepened accordingly, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to appeal, and to apply for an Order in Writing from any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, who are hereby authorized to give such Order from time to time, as often as there shall be Occasion, enabling such Person or Persons to make, cleanse and repair such Arches, Tunnels, Valves, Culverts, Drains, Back Drains or other Passages accordingly; and the reasonable Expences thereof shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company, out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; and in case of Refusal or Neglect to satisfy and defray such Expence for the Space of Thirty Days after Demand thereof made upon the said Company, or on their Clerk or some known Agent of the said Company, in Writing, such Expences shall and may be settled and ascertained by Two or more of the said Justices, on Adjudication under their Hands, and the same shall and may be recovered and levied in such Manner as any other Money is by this Act directed to be recovered from the said Company.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, at the Charges of the said

G g 3 Company,

The Directors empowered t« stop up, alter

454! C. cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

and build Sewers, under the Direction of the Commissioners of Sewers;

such new Sewers not being within the Dock Walls, to be vested in and under Direction of Commissioners of Sewers.

Tower to the Directors to make and maintain Draw and Swivel Bridges.

Power to alter and divert Highways.

Company, to cause all or any Sewers and Drains Which shall lie and be in or near the intended Situation of the said Docks, or of any of the Basons or other Works which shall belong thereto, to be filled or stopped up, arched over, widened or otherwise altered, as they shall think necessary for making and completing the same Docks, Basons and other Works, so as that they the said Directors do and shall at the same Time make and build, and they are hereby authorized and required to make and build, in lieu of the said Sewers and Drains so to be filled or stopped up, other good Sewers and Drains of sufficient Depth and Width for carrying off the Water from the Lands and Premises adjoining or near the said Works, and as serviceable and convenient in all Respects as the Sewers or Drains so to be filled or stopped up, and so as that all such widening, altering and building of Sewers and Drains by them as aforesaid, shall be done under the immediate Direction and Inspection of His Majesty's Commissioners of Sewers for the Counties of Middlesex, Essex and, or their Survejmr or Agent

for the time being, to whom the said Directors shall give Fourteen Days’ Notice before they shall begin to do the same respectively; and all such or so much of the said new Sewers and Drains as shall not be included within the Walls of any of the said Docks, shall, immediately on their being made, become vested in, and be and remain under the immediate Direction of the said Commissioners of Sewers, who shall have and exercise the Powers and Authorities already vested in them as such Commissioners upon and over the same.

XLVII. And Whereas it may be necessary and expedient, for

the Conveyance and Accommodation of the Publick, to make and <build Draw Bridges or Swivel Bridges over some of the Entrances

into the said Docks, for Carriages, Horses and Passengers, and to level, raise or lower Roads, Grounds or Avenues leading thereto

Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby directed and required, on making the said Entrances, to make and build such good and substantial Draw Bridges and Swivel Bridges for Carriages and Passengers, over the said intended Entrances, or any of them, and at such Places as they shall deem necessary, and for ever to keep the same in good and substantial Repair, and to raise, level or sink the Highways adjoining to the said Bridges, and to fence the same with Rails, Posts or Banks, where necessary or required by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways; and the said Company and their Successors shall be liable to be indicted for not making and keeping at all Times in substantial Repair the said Draw Bridges and Swivel Bridges~so to be made and maintained, and shall be further liable to pay the Costs of every such Prosecution upon Conviction, in case it shall be proved upon Oath that the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways shall have made a Requisition in Writing for such Repairs Thirty Days previous to the Commencement of such Prosecution.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, by and with the Consent of any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of, to alter,

turn, divert, widen, improve or cross such Public Roads and Highways, as shall or may interfere with the Docks and Basons

hereby

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

455

hereby authorized to be made, or any of them, or with any of the Works belonging thereto, or with the intended Situations thereof respectively; and the said Directors shall and they are hereby required to make such other Roads and Highways in the Stead of such Roads and Highways so altered, turned or diverted, widened, improved or crossed, and in such Manner and Form as the said Justices shall direct and appoint; and all such Roads and Highways as shall be so widened, improved or crossed, shall be so done under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways in and for the several Liberties, Parishes, Hamlets or Places in which such Roads and Highways shall be respectively situated.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directors, their Servants, Agents and Workmen, to bore, dig, trench, remove, take and carry away, in, upon, through, from and out of the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining or lying convenient for that Purpose (not being a Garden, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Walks, Pleasure Grounds, Lawn or Lawns, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Plantation or Nursery for Trees) , any Earth, Clay, Stones, Gravel, Sand, Rubbish, Roots of Trees or other Matters or Things which may be proper or necessary for making, carrying on, extending, completing, maintaining or repairing any Sluices, Valves, Tunnels, Feeders, Aqueducts and Channels for conveying Water to or from such Docks, Basons and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of them, through such Lands and Grounds, or which may hinder, obstruct or prevent the making, using, completing, extending or maintaining the said Works respectively; and to lay any Stones, Timber, Iron, Earth, Bricks, Clay or any other Materials, Matters or Things to be used in or about the same, upon any of the adjoining Lands, making Satisfaction and Compensation to the Owners or Occupiers of all such Lands or Grounds respectively for all Damages done thereto, in such Manner as shall be agreed upon between the said Directors and the respective Owners or Occupiers; and in case of Disagreement between such Owners or Occupiers respectively and the said Directors respecting the Amount of such Satisfaction and Compensation, then and in every such Case such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and determined, and recovered and applied in such and the like Manner as other Satisfaction and Compensation to be made for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act are directed to be settled and determined.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to supply the said Docks and Basons whilst making, and at all Times afterwards, with Water from the River Thames, and all such Brooks, Rivulets, Springs, Waters and Watercourses, as shall run or flow near, or shall be found in digging and making the said Works respectively, and to make, repair and maintain such and so many Sluices, Tunnels, Pipes, Feeders, Aqueducts and Channels, upon or through the Lands or Grounds adjoining or near to the said intended Works, or any of them, or, any such Brooks, Rivulets, Springs, Waters or Watercourses as aforesaid, for

G g 4 conveying

Power to make Drains and remove Obstructions in adjoining Lands,

and to lay Materials on the adjoining Premises, satisfying the Owners.

How Compensation recovered.

Power to supply the Docks, &c. with Water.

4:5(y

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Power to ^Directors to get Materials to repair the Docks.

Tendering Satisfaction to Owners.

Determined by Two Justices on Notice.

Notice to be given to the Occupiers of Lands before Materials are to be taken.

conveying Water to or from the said Works, as the said Directors shall think fit.

L[. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, and to and for all such Persons as they shall appoint, so search for, cut, dig, get, gather and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, Rubbish, Clay or other Materials, for making, completing, maintaining or repairing, the several Docks, Basons, Sluices, Piers, Tunnels and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, in, off, from and out of any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying convenient for that Purpose, whether the same may be had or found (such Lands or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) , making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby, to the respective Owners and Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds, where and from whence the same or any of them shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered or carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Lands and Grounds, as the said Directors shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Directors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said respective Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, City or Place where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken or carried away, on Fourteen Days’ Notice thereof in Writing being given by the said Directors to such Owners and Occupiers respectively, or left at their respective Places of Abode, or by such Owners and Occupiers respectively to the Clerk of the said Directors, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, to hear, settle and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages.

LII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Directors, or any Person or Persons appointed by, or acting under the Authority of the said Directors, to search for, cut, dig, gather, get, take or carry away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, Clay, Rubbish or other Materials, for making, completing, maintaining or repairing the said several Docks, Basons, Sluices, Tunnels and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, out of or from any such Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor or other Person acting under the Authority of the said Directors, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Stones, Gravel, Sand, Clay, Rubbish or other Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Directors, or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, City or Place where such Premises shall lie, to .shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Directors or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, to dig, cut, get, gather and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Directors or Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

457

pear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said Directors or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, Cla} ', Rubbish or other Materials, which shall have been dug, got or gathered by or by the Order of the said Directors, in any Lands, Fields, Waste or Grounds, River or Brook, for the several Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, Clay or other Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for the several Purposes of this Act, before the Person or Persons so appointed or acting by or under the Authority of the said Directors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Four Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any such Lands or Grounds, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only and not for Sale) , every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, foi* every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIV. And Whereas the said Docks and Basons hereby autbo-irized to be made, or the Locks, Flood Gates, Embankments or ‘ other Works, which may belong thereto respectively, may be 1 injured or destroyed, and the adjacent Lands and Premises thereby suffer Damage, and it may be necessary that the same should be immediately repaired or rebuilt to prevent ‘ further Damage; ’ Be it therefore further enacted, That when and as often as any such Case shall happen, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, their Servants, Agents or Workmen, without Delay or Interruption from any Person or Persons, to enter into any Lands adjoining or near the said intended Works, or any of them (not being Land whereon any House or other Building shall stand, or any Orchard, Garden, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, Nursery for Trees or Avenue to a House) and to dig for, work, get, carry away and use all such Stones, Gravel, Clay and other Materials as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, without any Notice given to the Owner or Occupier of, or any other Person interested in such Lands, doing as little Damage thereby as the Nature of the Case will admit, and making Recompence and Satisfaction for the same to the Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers of, and all other Persons interested in such Lands, within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Injury shall be done and the Recompence and Satisfaction demanded, which Damages, and the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made in respect thereof, in case the Parties do not agree among themselves, shall be settled and determined, or assessed, by the Ways and Means herein directed with respect to other Damages which may be done by making and completing the said Works.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall sustain any Damage in his, her or their Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by reason of the Execution of any of the Powers given by this Act, then and in every such -Case

Satisfaction

Unduly taking away Materials got by Order of the Directors.

[Penalty.]

Power to repair Works damaged by Floods.

How Damages sustained by Execution of Act ascertained and settled.

458

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Tower to scour teh Docks, &c. and emove Wrecks, &c.

Obstructing the same.

Action.

Power to cleanse adjoining Watercourses at the Land Owner’s Expence.

Satisfaction and Compensation shall be made by the said Directors to such Persons respectively out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and in case of any Disagreement, Difference or Dispute between such respective Persons and the said Directors respecting the Amount of such Damages, such Amount shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as any Sum or Sums of Money to be paid by the said Directors for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, is or are herein directed to be settled and ascertained in case of any Disagreement, Difference or Dispute about the same, and the same shall be recovered, levied and applied in such and the like Manner.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, as often as Occasion shall require, to cleanse, scour, open, deepen, widen or cut through and take away any Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil or Rubbish in the said intended Docks and Basons hereinbefore authorized to be made, or any of them, or near the Entrances thereto, in such Manner as the said Directors shall ihink proper, for the convenient Entrance of Shipping into the said Docks and Basons, and their Security and Accommodation therein, and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ships or Vessels, or any Ship or Vessel that shall be sunk therein respectively, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors or other Obstructions or Impediments that may be found or arise therein respectively; and in case the Owner or Owners of any such Ship or Vessel, or the Person or Persons causing or making any such Obstruction or Impediment so removed by the said Directors, their Agents, Servants or Workmen, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Costs and Charges of removing the same for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof made by any Clerk, Collector or other Officer of and for the said Works, the same shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered, or by Action of Debt or on the Case, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times any Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains, belonging to any Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying near to the said Docks and Basons, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, or any of them, shall not be sufficiently open for the free Passage of the Water through such Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains, from any Drain, Weir, Culvert or Passage to be made, maintained and repaired by virtue of this Act, or any of them, and the same shall not be remedied within Thirty Days after Notice in Writing for that Purpose given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers, by the Clerk or other Officer of the said Directors, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, as often as there shall be Occasion, to cause to be opened, cleansed and repaired, such Ditch and Ditches, Drain and Drains, and the reasonable Charges and Expences thereof shall be repaid to the said Company, or their

Successors,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

459

Successors, by such Owner or Occupier, Owners or Occupiers; and in case of Refusal to satisfy the same for the Space of Thirty Days after Demand thereof, the same shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures may be recovered by virtue of this Act, or by Action of Debt or on the Case, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving Dock, Way or other Place for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Vessels, shall at any Time hereafter be made or built, or permitted or suffered to be made or built within the Walls surrounding any of the said Docks hereby authorized to be made, or of the Basons or Entrances which shall belong thereto, nor shall any Communication or Communications at any Time hereafter be made into the said East India Dock, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto, from any Wet Dock, Slip or Slips, Dry Dock, Graving Dock, Way or other Place, for the building, heaving down or repairing of Ships or other Vessels which now -are or hereafter may be adjoining to the said East India Dock, or to any of the Basons or Entrances which may belong thereto, nor shall the said East India Dock Company at any Time or Times carry on or be in any wise concerned in the Trade or Business of building or repairing the Hulls or Masts of Ships or Vessels for Hire or Profit.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required from time to time, as there shall seem to them to be Occasion, to nominate and appoint a proper Person or proper Persons as Dock Master or Dock Masters, and shall and may from time to time, as often as they shall see Cause, remove, suspend or dismiss any such Dock Master or Dock Masters; and each and every such Dock Master so from time to time appointed shall have full Power and Authority (but subject to the Regulations and Restrictions herein expressed) to direct the mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of all Ships and other Vessels, Lighters and Craft, coming into, lying or being in the said Docks and the Basons which shall belong thereto, or any of them, and coming into, lying or being in such Part or Parts of the River Thames as shall be within the Distance of Two hundred Yards from the Extremity of the Wing Wall of any Entrance out of the said River into the said Docks and Basons and other Works of the said Company, or any of them, and to appoint and regulate the Time or Times and Manner of their Entrance into, lying in or going out of or from such Docks, Basons, and other Works, or any of them, and such Part or Parts of the said River, and to regulate and determine their Position, Manner of loading and discharging therein respectively, and the Time or Times of opening or shutting the several Gates of the said several Docks, Basons or Works; and in case the Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or neglect to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove his Ship or Vessel according to such Direction, immediately after

Notice

How such Expence recovered.

No Slips, Dry Docks, &c. for building or repairing Ships, are to be made in the Docks.

Company not to be concerned in building or repairing Ships.

Directors, or any Five or more of them, to appoint a Dock Master.

His Powers in respect of removing Ships, &c.

Owners of Ships, &c. refusing to obey Direction of Dock Master.

460

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III.

[Penalty.]

And Dock Master may proceed and recover Expences from Owner.

Obstructing the Mooring, &c. of Vessels.

[Penalty.]

The Directors may annul any Orders of Dock Masters and give others.

Orders given by the Directors or Dock Masters shall not affect the Responsibility of the Person having the Charge of any Ship or Vessel.

A.D. 1803.

Notice to him or them given in Writing, or left with some Person or Persons on board the said Ship or Vessel for that Purpose, every such Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, or his or their Assistants, and he and they is and are hereby required to moor, unmoor, place, move or remove such Ship or Vessel, and the Charges and Expences thereof respectively shall be repaid by such Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, to the Secretary for the time being of the said Company; and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, such Charges and Expences may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalties or Forfeitures may by this Act be levied or recovered, or by Action of Debt, or on the Case, together with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in case any Master, Commander, Mate, Pilot or other Person or Persons taking the Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the Owner, Agent, Consignee or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder the mooring, unmooring, placing, moving or removing of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Docks, or in the Basons which shall belong thereto, or in any such Part or Parts of the River Thames at Blackvoall aforesaid, as shall be within the Dis-

tance of Two hundred Yards from the Extremity of the Wing Wall of any Entrance out of the said River there, into the Works of the said Company, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to confirm, alter or annul and make void, as they shall see Cause, all or any Part of any Act or Acts, Order or Orders, Direction or Directions, which shall be done, committed, suffered or made by any Person or Persons, in respect of the stationing, placing, anchoring, mooring, unmooring, moving or removing of any Ship or Vessel whatsoever, under the Authority of this Act, within the said Docks, Basons and other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of them, or within any such Part or Parts of the said River Thames as shall be within the said Distance of Two hundred Yards from the Extremity of the Wing Wall of any Entrance out of the said River into the Works of the said Company, and to give such further or other Order or Orders, Direction or Directions therein, as they the said Directors shall think right and proper.

LXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the several Orders and Directions to be from time to time given by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, or by any such Dock Master, or by any Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under the Authority of the said Directors, to the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel within the said Docks, Basons or other Works, or any of them, or within any such Part

or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

461

or Parts of the said River Thames as shall be within the Distance of Two hundred Yards from the Extremity of the Wing Wall of any Entrance out of the said River into the Works of the said Company of Proprietors, shall not extend or be construed to extend to lessen or diminish any Responsibility which the said Master or other Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to in respect of such Ship or Vessel, or the Cargo thereof.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the same Rights and New Docks, &c. Privileges as belong to the present Port of London shall be ex- bp

tended to all and every of the said Docks and Basons, which to on~

all Intents and Purposes, except as herein directed, shall be vessels, &c. deemed and held to be Parts of the said Port of London; and all there shall be Ships and Vessels entering into, or loading or unloading in the subject to the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, and all Goods, Merchan- Port Regula-dize and other Things which shall be loaded or unloaded in, or shall pass through the same, and all Owners and Masters of Ships,

Merchants and others resorting thereto, are and shall be subject to the several Regulations, and liable to the several Duties which they are or have been subject and liable to in the Port of London.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That when any such Dock East India or Docks, Bason or Basons, and other Works to be made and built Ships shall un-by virtue of this Act, shall be so far completed as to be fit and CT°oes within the ready for the Reception of Ships, all the Ships and Vessels which Docks, except shall arrive or come from any Part of the East Indies or China for lessening into the River Thames, with Cargoes of Produce from the East Draught of Indies or China, shall unload or discharge the Whole of their at LonS

respective Cargoes within some or One of the said Docks or eaC1,

Basons, and not elsewhere, save and except such Part or Parts thereof as may be directed by any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs to be unloaded or discharged into any Lighter or other Craft in the Employ of the East India Company, at a certain Place within the said Port of London called Long Reach, for the Purpose of lessening the Draught of Water of any such Ship or Vessel, and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so unloaded or discharged, being Produce from the East Indies or China, and in respect whereof any Duties shall be payable, shall or may afterwards be stored or deposited in the Warehouses of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, according to the Laws now in force in relation to Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported from the East Indies or China; and in case any Owner, Master or other Person having the Unduly un-Command or Charge of any Ship or Vessel in the East India loading, &c. Trade, shall unload or discharge, or cause or permit, or suffer to East India be unloaded or discharged, any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, being Produce from the East Indies or China, at any Time or Times after any such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, shall be fit for the Reception of Ships as aforesaid, from his Ship or Vessel, in any other Place or Places, in or near the Port of London than within such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, save and except as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in every such Case every such Owner, Master or other Person having the Command or Charge of such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Penalty 5ool. Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That, if at any If at any

Time Time East India

462

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Ships cannot be admitted into the Docks, the Commissioners of Customs may authorize the Cargoes of those particular Ships to be discharged elsewhere.

Outward bound East India Ships shall load in the Docks or in the River below Lime-house Creek.

Penalty 2001.

No other than East India Ships and Vessels, &c. shall use the Docks, without Consent of East India Directors.

Time or Times it should happen, that by reason of the said Docks or Basons being filled with Shipping, or of some Accident or other Cause, any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, which shall have come from the East Indies or China into the said River,

cannot be admitted into and unloaded within any of the said Docks, Basons or other Works belonging to the said Company, pursuant to this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs in England for the time being to permit the Cargo of any such Ship or Vessel, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be discharged at such other Place or Places, within the said Port of London, as they the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That when any such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, and other Works, shall be ready for the Reception of Ships, all such of the Ships and Vessels belonging to or frequenting the Port of London as shall be used in the India Trade shall, when and so often as the same shall be outward bound to the East Indies or China, ship, load or take in all such Part of their respective Cargoes as shall be intended to be exported in any such Ship or Vessel from the Port of, either in

some or One of the said Docks or Basons, or in such Part of the said River Thames as shall be below and if any

Owner, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel, being so outward bound to the East Indies or China, shall ship, load or take, or cause or permit, or suffer to be shipped, loaded or taken on board of such Ship or Vessel any Part of the Cargo of such Ship or Vessel in the said Port or River elsewhere than in some or One of the said Docks or Basons, or than below Limehouse Creek aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Ship or Vessel other than and except Ships and Vessels which shall have immediately come from, or shall be immediately bound to the East Indies or China, and other than Lighters and Craft, to convey, deliver, discharge or receive Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to or from on board of any such Ships or Vessels, or to be used in relation to the loading, unloading or Care of them in the said Docks or Basons, and other than and except Ships, Vessels, Lighters and Craft bringing or carrying away Materials, or any other Matter or Thing for the building, Alteration or Repairs of the said Docks and Basons, and the Erections, Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or to be used in or relating to the Buildings, Alterations, Repairs or Cleansings of the said Docks and Basons, and their Appurtenances, shall at any Time go into the said Docks or Basons, or any of the Works belonging thereto for any Purpose whatsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the Court of Directors of the said United Company for that Purpose first had and obtained; and in case any Ship or Vessel, other than and except as aforesaid, shall at any Time go into any of the said Docks, Basons or Works

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 463

without such Consent as aforesaid, every Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, other than and except as aforesaid, or who shall authorize, permit or suffer her to go into any of the said Docks, Basons or other Works, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, shall be so far completed as to admit Ships, Vessels or Craft to enter therein, no Ship or other Vessel shall anchor, moor or lie in the River Thames within the Distance of Two hundred Yards of any Entrance or Entrances into the same Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, save and except of such Entrance or Entrances as is or are appointed for the Entrance of Ships or other Vessels, or save and except such Ship or Vessel shall have come out of any of the said Docks or Basons within Twelve Hours last past; and if any Master, Pilot or other Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel anchored, moored or lying within the Distance aforesaid of such Entrance or Entrances (save and except as aforesaid) shall not remove or cause to be removed therefrom such Ship or Vessel under his or their Command, within Twelve Hours after being required so to do by an Order in Writing signed by the said Dock Master or Dock Masters, his or their Assistant or Assistants, and left with some Person or Persons on board such Ship or Vessel, then and in every such Case every such Master, Pilot and other Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds, for every Twenty four Hours that such Ship or Vessel shall be anchored, moored or lying within the Distance aforesaid of such Entrance or Entrances.

LXVIII. And, for the Security and Preservation of the said Works, be it further enacted, That before any Ship or other Vessel shall enter or pass into the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, such Ship or Vessel shall have her Sails lowered, so that she may not enter into or navigate in any of the said Works under Sail; and in case any Master or Pilot, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or Vessel, shall enter or navigate, or cause, or permit or suffer to enter or to be navigated, such Ship or Vessel under Sail into or in the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, every such Master, Pilot and other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not acting by or under the Authority of the said Directors, or of the said Dock Master or Dock Makers, shall wilfully draw up or open any Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge laid over or across any Entrance or Passage into the said Docks or Basons, or any of them, save and except for the Purpose of permitting any Ship or other Vessel to pass into or out of such Docks and Basons, or any of them, so as to interrupt a free Passage for Travellers, Cattle or Carriages, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any such Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge shall have been drawn up or opened for the Passage of any Ship or other Vessel, and such Draw Bridge or Swivel Bridge shall be kept drawn up or

Penalty 50l.

For regulating the Moorings of Vessels near the Entrances into the Docks.

No Vessel to enter into or navigate in the Works under Sail.

Draw Bridges and Swivel Bridges to be fastened after Vessels have passed.

46*i

Penalty on Master.

Penalty on Officer, &c.

Obstructing the Navigation, or wantonly, &c. opening Lock Gates, &c. and letting off Water, or suffering Vessels to strike upon Bridges or Locks, &c.

Penalty,

Throwing Rubbish, &c. into the Docks, &c.

[Penalty.]

Vessels to unload within the

C.cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

left open longer than shall be necessary for the Passage of such Ship or other Vessel as aforesaid, through the Negligence or Carelessness of any Person or Persons belonging to such Ship or other Vessel, then and in every such Case the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and pay, for every such Olfence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; but in case the same shall happen by the Neglect or Default of any Officer or Servant of the said Company, such Officer or Servant shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXX. And, for the better making and preserving of a free and i clear Entrance, Navigation and Passage into and within the said Docks and Basons Be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, entering into or navigating, using, lying, loading or unloading within the said Docks, Basons and other Works, or any of them, shall place, or permit or suffer to remain in any Part of the same respectively, such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, so as unnecessarily to obstruct the Navigation into or out of the said Docks or Basons, or the Entrances thereof, or any of them, and shall not, immediately upon Request made for that Purpose, remove the same respectivel)r, every such Master and other Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and also a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Hour that such Obstruction shall remain after such Requisition; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Dock Master or other proper Officer to be appointed in pursuance and by virtue of this Act, to cause any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel to be removed in such Manner and to such Place as shall be proper for preventing or removing such Obstruction, or to be unloaded, if necessary, and to seize or distrain such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, and the Lading thereof, or any Part of such Lading, until the Costs and Charges occasioned by such Removal and unloading shall be paid; or if any Person or Persons shall wantonly, carelessly or negligently open or cause to be opened any Lock Gate, Paddle, Valve or Clough, belonging to any Lock to be erected on the said Works, or any of them, or wantonly or mischievously flush or draw off, or cause to be flushed or drawn off, any Water from the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, or shall suffer any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel to strike or run upon any Bridge or Bridges, or Lock or Locks thereof, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever, shall throw, cast or put away any Ballast, Earth, Dust, Ashes, Stones or other Things, into anjr Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, Entrance or Entrances, to be made in pursuance of this Act, or into or upon any other of the Works to be made in pursuance of this Act, to the Prejudice thereof, or do any other Annoyance to the same respectively, or any Part thereof, every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Ship

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 465

and other Vessel having a Cargo on board thereof, which shall go into any of the said Docks, or of the Basons belonging thereto, shall be unloaded and discharged of the Cargo on board thereof as soon as conveniently may be after entering therein, and shall then without loss of Time, be removed into such Part of the said Docks and other Works as shall be set apart for light Vessels; and the said Dock Master or Dock Masters is and are respectively hereby authorized and required to order and cause to be removed and taken out of the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, all such light Ships or Vessels as are unfit for Service, or not intended to be loaded or fitted out for the Indies or and in

order that such Dock Master or Dock Masters may have Knowledge of such Ships and Vessels as are unfit for Service, or as are not intended to be loaded or fitted out for the East Indies or China, the Master or Owner of every such Ship or Vessel unfit for Service, or not intended to be loaded or fitted out for the East Indies or China, shall within Six Weeks after such Ship or Vessel shall have entered any of the said Docks or Basons, give Notice to the said Directors, that such Ship or Vessel is unfit for Service, or is not intended to be loaded or fitted out for the East Indies or China, as the Case may be, or on Failure therein such Master or Owner shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and in case any Master, Owner or Owners, or other Person having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vessel as last aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to remove such Ship or Vessel from such Part of the said Docks and other Works as shall be set apart for light Vessels, within Forty eight Hours after Notice in Writing shall have been given to such Master, Owner or Owners, or other Person respectively, signed by any such Dock Master, then and in every' such Case he or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds; and the Dock Master or Dock Masters, his or their Assistant or Assistants, may remove or cause to be removed such Ship or Vessel out of the said Docks and Basons, or any of them, and lay or moor the same in such Part of the River Thames as shall be directed by any Harbour Master appointed in pursuance of an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more,

and for better regulating the Port London, upon Application made to him for that Purpose; and the Costs, Charges and Expences of removing and mooring such Ship or Vessel (such Costs, Charges and Expences being first settled and allowed by the said Directors) shall be paid to such Dock Master or Dock Masters, Assistant or Assistants, by the Owner or Owners, Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or other Vessel; and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, such Costs, Charges and Expences shall and may be recovered by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, upon Proof of such Demand and Nonpayment on the Oath of any credible Witness (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer,) by Distress and Sale of such Ship or Vessel, or her Tackle, Apparel or Furniture, or any Part thereof, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting the Charges of taking, keeping and Sale 43 Geo. IV. H h oi

Docks, as soon as may be, then to be removed.

Dock Master may order out light Vessels, unfit for Service or not intended for the East Indies.

Master to give Notice of unfitness, &c.

[Penalty.]

Not removing Vessels, &c.

[Penalty.]

And Dock Master may remove such Vessel;

the Charges of such Removal on Nonpayment by Owner, &c. to be levied by Distress and Sale,

466

Vessels to land Gunpowder before entering the Dock Premises, and other combustible Matter to be removed within Twelve Hours.

[Penalty.]

Fire, Candles or Lamps not to be lighted in the Dock.

[Penalty.]

Destroying the Works.

Felony, &c.

- Destroying

C. cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

of such Distress, to the Owner or Owners, Master, Factor or Agents of or for such Ship or Vessel, upon the same being demanded.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, shall permit or suffer such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel under his Charge or Command, to enter any of the said Docks or Basons, or any of the Works to be made by virtue of this Act, having on board any Gunpowder, or having any Gun or Guns thereof not unloaded or discharged, or shall take, or cause or permit, or suffer to be taken on board such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, any Gunpowder, or cause or permit, or suffer to be loaden or charged any Gun or Guns thereof during such Time as such Ship, Lighter, Barge* Boat or other Vessel shall remain in any of the said Docks, Basons or other Works, or shall permit or suffer any Tar, Pitch, Rosin, Hemp, Flax, Faggots, Furze, Turpentine, Oil, Hay, Straw, Tallow, Grease, Shavings of Wood or other combustible Matter or Thing, to be or remain upon the Deck of the Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel under his Charge or Command in the said Docks or Basons, or any of them, above the Space of Twelve Hours after such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel shall have entered the said Docks or Basons, or any of them, then and in every such Case every such Master and other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel so offending, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

LXXIV. And, for more effectually preventing Accidents by 1 Fire in the said Docks and Dock Premises, ’ Be it further enacted, That if any Person whosoever shall have or keep, or cause to be had or kept, any Fire, Candle or Lamp lighted within any of the said Docks, or of the Basons or other Works which shall belong thereto, or on board any Ship or Vessel in such Docks or Basons respectively, at any Time or Times whatsoever, save and except such Fires or lighted Candles or Lamps as shall be necessary to be used in the making, building, finishing, repairing, altering or improving of the same Docks, Basons and other Works, or any of them, unless by the special Order, Authority and Permission of the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, given in Writing under their Hands, the Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds nor less than Five Pounds.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously demolish, break down, cut or injure any of the Works to be made b}^ virtue of this Act, or any Ship or Vessel lying in any of the said Docks, Basons or other Works, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be deemed guilty of Felony; and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for the Term of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cases of Grand or Petty Larceny.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or 20 Persons

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 467

Persons whosoever shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break or in any manner destroy any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship or other Vessel lying in any of the said Docks or Basons shall be moored or fastened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall hinder or restrain the said Dock Master or Dock Masters to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, or their or his Assistant or Assistants, from exercising, in a due and reasonable Manner, any of the Authorities hereby vested in him or them respectively.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall steal, damage, break, demolish or throw down any Lamp or Lamps, Lamp Iron or Irons, Post or Posts, which shall or may be set up near, unto or about the said Docks and Basons respectively, or any of them, or near, unto and about any Buildings which shall in pursuance of this Act be erected on or near the said Docks, Basons or any of them, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within any such Lamp or Lamps, or damage the Iron or other Furniture thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall see such Offence committed, and also for any other Person or Persons, to arrest the Offender or Offenders by Authority of this Act, and, without any other Warrant, to convey him, her or them into the Custody of a Peace Officer, in order to be taken before some Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, and thereupon such Justice or Justices shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear to give any Information touching such Offence (which Oath the said Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to administer); and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her or their Confession, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses as aforesaid, he, she or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Lamp, Lamp Iron or Post, or other Furniture so broken, thrown down or damaged, or for every Light extinguished as aforesaid, and moreover shall make full Satisfaction to the said Directors (as the Case may be) , or to such Person as shall be duly appointed to receive the same, for the Damage so done; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction forthwith pay such Forfeiture, and make such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice or Justices is or are hereby required to commit him, her or them, to any Prison within the Jurisdiction of such Justice or Justices, for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days; and no such Offender or Offenders shall be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Master, or Owner or Owners of every Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, and of every Raft or Float of Timber, shall be, and is and are hereby made answerable for any Damage, Spoil or Mischief that shall be done by any such his or her Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel or Raft, or Float, or any of the Seamen, Boatmen, Watermen or others belonging to or employed in or

Ropes of Vessels.

[Penalty.]

Breaking or extinguishing

Lamps.

[Penalty.]

Nonpayment of Penalty.

Imprisonment.

Masters and Owners of Vessels, &c. answerable for Damages done by their Officers and Servants,

468

C.cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Costs.

Directors empowered to make Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the Docks and their Appurtenances;

and to amend, alter and repeal the same, and to fix Penalties for Nonobservance not exceeding 51.

Bye Laws to be printed and distributed.

about the same, unto any of the said intended Docks or Basons, or unto any of the Bridges, Locks, Dams, Engines or other Works, in, upon or belonging to the same or any of them, or unto any of the Trenches, Aqueducts, Sluices or Passages to be made as aforesaid, and also for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Mills, Dams, Weirs, Lands or Tenements adjoining or lying near the said Docks and Basons, by leaving open Gates or otherwise, or any other Trespass whatsoever; and the said Master, or Owner or Owners of any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, Raft or Float, may be sued by Action for the same in any Court of Record, and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him or them, on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in every such Case, shall recover his or their Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suit; and in case the Master, or Owner or Owners of any such Ship, Lighter, Barge, Boat or other Vessel, or Raft or Float as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant or Servants shall be liable to pay such Penalty, or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass, to such Master, or Owner or Owners, and in case of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, the same shall and may be recovered by such Master, or Owner or Owners, in like'Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, from time to time to make, ordain and establish such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, for the Observance and good Government of all Dock Masters, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, Workmen, Watchmen, Lightermen, Labourers and others appointed and employed on Behalf of the said Company, under or by virtue of this Act, and for the better regulating, governing and managing the several Works, Matters, Accounts and Things by this Act authorized and directed to be made, done and performed by the said Directors, as well whilst the same are doing, as after they shall be finished and completed, and for the more safe and convenient shipping, lading, landing and discharging, carrying and conveying of Goods, Wares and Merchandize to and from the said Docks, and for the employing, better governing and regulating of all Masters of Vessels, Pilots, Lightermen and others, within the said Docks, Basons and other Works subject to the Controul and Directions of the said Directors by virtue of this Act, and such other reasonable Bye Laws, Orders, Rules and Regulations as they shall deem necessary and expedient for the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them; and also from time to time, as the}' shall see Occasion, to repeal, annul, add to, amend or alter such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, as to them the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet or requisite, and affix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds for any One Offence, for the Non-observance, Nonperformance or other Breach of all or any such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any Part of them; and the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall cause

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 469

all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, to be printed and distributed in the Port of Lon, and affixed upon or near some public and conspicuous Parts of or belonging to the said Port and Docks, and upon some other public and conspicuous Places adjacent; and each and every such Bye Law, Rule, Order and Regulation shall, from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the same shall have been so printed, distributed and affixed, be good, valid and effectual, and binding upon all Persons whomsoever, until the same shall be revoked, repealed, annulled, altered or amended by virtue of this Act, provided that the same be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called, or

to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations so to be made by the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject to the Inspection and Controul of the said Company, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, from time to time and at all times when they shall think proper, at a General Meeting assembled for that Purpose, of which Ten Days’ Notice shall be previously given (in like Manner as other Notices of their General Meetings are herein directed to be given) , to inspect and consider the Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations made by the said Directors, and (if the said Compairy, or the major Part of them present shall see fit) to revoke, repeal, annul, alter or amend, the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, or any of them; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, so revoked, repealed, annulled, altered or amended, shall from thenceforth cease, 'and be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company at any such Meeting to make other Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, instead thereof, and also any new Bye Law or Bye Laws, Rule or Rules, Order or Orders, Regulation or Regulations as they or the major Part of them shall think fit, and to affix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penalties, not exceeding Five Pounds for any Offence, for the Nonobservance, Nonperformance or other Breach of all or any such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations or any Part of them; and the said B}re Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations so altered, amended or made at any such General Meeting, shall be put into Writing, and may from time to time be varied, repealed and others made in their stead, at a General Meeting of the said Company to be held as aforesaid, but not by the said Directors or otherwise; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, as shall be so made, altered or amended by the said Company, shall be printed and distributed (save and except such of them as relate to the good Government of the said Company, or of the said Directors, Clerks or Secretaries) in the Port of London, and affixed upon or near some public and conspicuous Parts of or belonging to the said Port and Docks, and upon some other public and conspicuous Parts adjacent thereto; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, as relate to the good Government of the said Company, their Directors, Clerks or Secretaries, when signed by the Chairman of such respective General Meetings, shall be

H h 3 good,

Such last mentioned Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, to be subject to the Controul of the Company.

Company may inspect Bye Laws, and alter or annul any of them.

Such Bye Laws to be affixed on some conspicuous Place in the Docks.

470

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Compensation to be made for the Tythes of the Lands and other Premises to be taken for the Purposes of this Act.

good, valid, effectual and binding; and every other Bye Law, Rule, Order and Regulation, shall, when so signed by such Chairman, and from and after the Expiration of Ten Days after the same shall have been so printed, distributed and affixed, be good, valid, effectual and binding upon all Persons whomsoever, provided that the same respectively be not inconsistent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called, or to the Provisions

and Directions in this Act contained."

LXXXI. And Whereas, by the making and using of the said < Docks, Basons and other Works hereby authorized to be made,

the Lands which are intended to be taken and used for those Purposes, or considerable Parts thereof, will be rendered unproductive ‘ of Tythes, and it is expedient that proper Compensation should be made to the Owners of the said Tythes for the time being in lieu ‘ thereof: And Whereas the Principal and Scholars of the King’s ‘ Hall- and College of Brazen Nos, in the University of,

‘ and the Person or Persons entitled under them, are the present ‘ Owners of all the Tythes, both Great and Small, of Part of the ‘ Lands so intended to be taken and used Be it therefore enacted, That in order to the making of such Compensation as aforesaid, the yearly Quantity of Three Pecks of good clean wholesome marketable English Wheat, of the best Sort, for each and every Acre of the Lands and Premises, for the Tythes of which such Compensation is intended to be hereby provided, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity than an Acre, shall be deemed and considered as equal in Value to, and a full and adequate Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Tythes, both Great and Small, arising and payable upon or out of the same Lands and Premises; and the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight Pence per Bushel shall be considered and taken as and for the average Price of such Wheat at the Corn Exchange, in the City of London, during the Term of Fourteen Years next preceding the passing of this Act; and that there shall be paid and payable, from time to time, for ever, to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, or to the Person or Persons for the time being duly entitled to receive the same under them, such yearly Rent or Sum of Money as shall be equal in Value to Three Pecks of such Wheat, at such fixed average Price as aforesaid, for each and every Acre of all such Lands and other Premises, subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes, situated in the aforesaid Parish of JDunstan Stebonheath otherwise S, or in any Part or Parts thereof, subject and liable to the Payment of the Tythes, and by this Act authorized to be purchased, as shall be taken, and for the time being kept, occupied and made use of, in or for the making, maintaining and using of the said Docks, Basons, Sluices, Roads and other Works hereby authorized to be made, and the building and providing of Houses, Offices, Curtilages and Gardens, for the Habitation and Use of the Officers and Servants to be employed in and about the Business and Management of the same Works respectively, and as shall betaken, and for the time being kept, occupied and made use of, in or for the digging for, laying or placing of Earth, Gravel, Rubbish, Materials, Machines or Utensils, in making, repairing or altering, any of the said Works, or in or for

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C.cxxvi,

471

the feeding of the Horses to be from time to time kept for and employed in the making, carrying on and Management of the said Works, or of any of them, and a’^o for each and every Acre of all such other tytheable Lands and Premi‘jes within the said Parish, or in any Part or Parts thereof respectively, subject and liable to the Payment of Tvthes, as shall be purchased under or by virtue of this Act, and after that Rate for any greater or less Quantity than an Acre; and such of the said yearly Rent or Sum of Money as shall be payable for or in respect of the Lands and Premises to be taken, kept, occupied and made use of in the majdng, maintaining and using of the said Docks, and the Basons, Sluices, Roads and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, and in the actual Occupation of the said Company, or their Officers or Servants, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall be issuing out of and charged upon the same, and every Part thereof, and shall be payable and paid by the said East India Dock Company with and out of the several Rates and Tolls hereby granted or made payable to them; and which said yearly Rent or Sum of Money shall be and are hereby declared to be in lieu and full Compensation, Satisfaction, Bar and Extinguishment of and for all Tythes and Portions of Tythes, both Great and Small, arising and payable upon or out of all the Lands and Premises whatsoever in the said Parish of Saint DunstanStebonheath otherwise, or in any

Part or Parts thereof, subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes, which shall be so taken, and for the time being kept, occupied and made use of as aforesaid, and for or in respect of which such yearly Rent or Sum of Money shall be payable respectively; and the said yearly Rent or Sum of Money shall be payable and paid to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, or to the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the same under them, at the Parsonage House for the time being of the said Parish of Stebonheath otherwise S, or at such other Place or Places within the said Parish as the same Principal and Scholars, or their Successors, or Person or Persons, shall appoint, by equal Half yearly Payments and Portions, upon the Twenty fourth Day of June and the Twenty fifth Day December in every Year, for ever, clear of all parochial Taxes, Rates, Dues and Assessments whatsoever; the First Payment thereof to become due and be made upon the First of those Days which shall next happen after the Possession of such Lands and Premises respectively shall have been obtained by the said East India Dock Company.

LXXXII. Provided alwa}fs, and be it enacted, That it shall be The Average lawful for the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, Price of Wheat or to and for the Person or Persons to be for the time being en- may be reascer-titled under them as aforesaid, at any Time after the Expiration ^Tofever of Fourteen Years, to be computed from and next ensuing the Day Fourteen Years, or Days as aforesaid appointed for the Payment of the said yearly for the Purpose Rents or Sums of Money, by Writing under their or his Hands or of making such Hand, to apply to the Justices of the Peace at any General or Compensations, Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Middlesex (first giving Notice in Writing to the said East India Dock Company respectively, Six Calendar Months'at least before such Ap- Notice, plication, of his or their Intention so to do) , to have the average Price of Wheat again enquired of and ascertained; and the said

472 c. cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

[Proviso.]

Tythes in the Parish of Bromley Saint Leonard how to be valued and paid.

How Compensations for Tythes recovered.

Compensations to be made to the said Pa rishes by the

Justices of the Peace shall and may, and they are hereby required, at the same or at the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, to enquire into and ascertain, by or from, or by means of the London, so'long as

the Returns of the average Price of Corn and Grain shall be published therein, and in case of no such Publication, then by such Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the average Price of good marketable Wheat at the Corn Exchange, in the City of London, for the Term of Fourteen Years next preceding such Application; and after such average Price shall have been so ascertained and fixed, the Amount of all future Payments of such yearly Rent or Sum of Mone}’ in lieu of Tythes, as herein mentioned, shall be equal to the Value of the respective proper Quantities of Wheat computed at the said Rate of Three Pecks per Acre, and according to the average Price which shall have been last ascertained and fixed by the Court of General or Quarter Sessions, and so from time time, as often as any such Application shall be made as aforesaid: Provided no such Application be made after the Expiration of Fourteen Years from the Time any such average Price shall have been last ascertained and fixed in pursuance of this Act.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence, Satisfaction and Compensation, by an annual Rent or Rents, shall be made by the said East India Dock Company for all the Tythes, both Great and Small, of the Lands within the Parish of Bromley Saint Leonard aforesaid, which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company, for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled to such Tythes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of according to their respective Interests therein; such Tythes to be estimated at the Value of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two; such Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments is hereinbefore directed to be ascertained.

LXXXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if Default shall be made in the Payment of the several yearly Rents or Sums of Money hereby made payable, or to be paid by virtue of this Act, in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, or of any Part thereof respectively, for the Space of Twenty one Days next after any of the respective Times appointed for the Payment of the same, then and in every such Case the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, and the several and respective Persons entitled to the same respectively, or any of them, shall and may have and exercise such and the same Powers and Remedies for recovering and receiving the said respective yearly Rents or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof respectively, together with all Costs and Charges which shall be occasioned by the Nonpayment of the same, as by Law are provided and given to Landlords for the Recovery of Fee Farm Rents or Rack Rents in Arrear.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said East India Dock Company shall, from and after the passing of this Act, for and during the Term of Seven Years, or such other shorter Time within which the said several Works hereby directed to be made

or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

473

or done by or on Behalf of them shall be completed, be subject and liable to make good to the same last mentioned Parishes and Hamlet of Poplar and Blackmail, with and out of the Monies to arise and be received by them the said East India Dock Company, under or by virtue of this Act, all such Sum or Sums of Money, which during such Term shall be deficient in respect of the Produce of the Assessments for Land Tax, and Paving, Cleansing and Lighting, and Poor’s Rates, within the said Parish and Hamlet, or either of them, by reason or means of the Alterations arising from or occasioned by the making and building of the said Docks; and the Basons and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, according to the Produce of such several Assessments and Rates respectively, from Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and two, to Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and three, and shall pay the same accordingly to the several Collectors of the said Taxes and Rates:Provided always, that when and so soon as possible after this Act shall be carried into Execution, the Produce or Payments for and in respect of the several Assessments for Land Tax and Paving, Cleansing and Lighting, and Poor’s Rates, or any of them, of and for all and singular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, as for the time being shall be standing upon or Part of the Lands and other Hereditaments in the said Parishes and Hamlet respectively, which shall be purchased for making, building and using the said Docks, and the Basons and other Works and Premises which shall belong thereto, shall raise a larger Sum of Money as and for such respective Assessments than the Sum raised by su*ch Assessments from Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and two, to Lady Day One thousand eight hundred and three, of and for all and singular such Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, now situated in the said Parishes and Hamlet respectively as shall be purchased for the same last mentioned Purposes, that then the' Surplus shall in the first Place be applied and paid to the said East India Dock Company towards reimbursing them what they shall have paid for or in respect of the aforesaid Deficiencies in the Assessments for Land Tax and Paving, Cleansing and Lighting, and Poor’s Rates respectively, and so from time to time when and as often as there shall be any Surplus, until the said East India Dock Company shall be wholly reimbursed and repaid all Monies which they shall have disbursed to make good such Deficiencies.

LXXXVI. And Whereas, by reason of making the said Docks,

‘ Basons and other Works hereby authorized, there may he Deficiencies in the Produce of the Rates for the making and repairing of Sewers; ’ Be it therefore further enacted, That' from time to time, when and so often as during the making of the said Works respectively, any Rates shall be made by the Commissioners of such Sewers as may be affected by any of the said Works, the said East India Dock Company shall pay to the Treasurer for the time being of the said Commissioners of Sewers, or to such Person as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same, so much and such Proportion of the said Rates as would have been payable if this Act had not been made, for and in respect of the Lands and Premises which for the time being shall be taken, kept and ' made

East India Dock Company for Deficiencies of Assessments for Land Tax and Paving, Cleansing, Lighting and Poor's Rates,

Compensation to be made for Deficiencies of Sewer Rates.

474

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

How Sewer Rates recovered.

Compensation to be made to the Owners, &c. of Docks, Slips, and Dock Yard, in the Port of London, if injured by the intended Regulations.

39 G.3. c. lxix.

made use of for making, completing and managing the said Docks, and the Basons and other Works which shall belong thereto, such Proportions to be ascertained, during the making of the said Works respectively, by means of the last Rates made by the Commissioners of Sewers, before the passing of this Act; and when and after the said Works shall be completed respectively, the said India Dock Company shall then become and be and remain liable in respect thereof, to the Assessments and Payments for Sewers in common with the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Hamlets; and that in case Default shall be made in the Payment of the said respective Proportions of the said Sewer Rates so directed and required to be paid, or of either of them, or any Part, thereof respectively, from the said Space of Twenty one Days after the same shall be due and demanded, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Sewers, in the Name of their Clerk, Surveyor or other Person, to be by them named for that Purpose, to sue for and recover the same respectively by Action or Actions at Law against the said East India Dock Company.

LXXXVII. And, if by reason of the Regulations intended by c this Act to be made, Thomas P, or the Owner, Proprietor ‘ or Occupier for the time being of the Docks, Slips, Dock Yard

and Premises at North-fleet, in the county of , known by the

‘ Name of Pitcher s Yard, should receive any actual Loss or Injury

‘ by reason of the Trouble and Expence of conveying Ships and ‘ Vessels to and from the said Yard for the Purpose of Repairs, or c by any other Means, or if any of the Owners, Proprietors or Oc-£ cupiers of any other of the Docks, Slips and Dock Yards in the

‘ Port of London should be injured, and the Property in the said

several Docks, Slips and Dock Yards respectively should become ‘ less valuable, or if by reason thereof any Person or Persons in- rested in the Trade carried on at such Docks, Slips and Dock ‘ Yards, or any of them, should sustain actual Loss or Damage Be it enacted, That the Commissioners for Compensations hereinafter mentioned and described, shall and they are hereby required to make, or cause to be made, such just and liberal Compensation or satisfaction, by Purchase or by Employment, or otherwise, to the said Thomas Pitcher, or such Owners, Proprietors and Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in the Trade carried on at such Docks, Slips and Dock Yards respectively, or any of them so rendered less valuable, for the Injury, Loss or Damage which shall have been thereby suffered or sustained, as shall be agreed on between the said Commissioners and the said Thomas Pitcher, and such respective Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers and other Persons interested in such Trade as aforesaid; and the Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Docks, Slips and Dock Yards respectively, or any of them, shall be applied and disposed of in such and the like manner as the Money to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased for the several Purposes of this Act, are herein directed to be applied and disposed of.

LXXXVIII. And Whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for < rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of 1 London, certain Persons were appointed Commissioners for manag-

ing

A .13. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

475

iing the Business of certain Compensations directed to be made by ‘ the said Act Be it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners of Compensations appointed in or to be appointed by virtue of the said Act, shall be the Commissioners under this Act to settle, ascertain and determine what Compensation shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of such Docks, Slips and Dock Yards respectively; and the said Commissioners shall have the same Powers and Authorities for putting in Execution this Act, with respect to the Compensations hereby directed to be made, as they have by the said Act with respect to the Compensations thereby directed to be made; and the respective Parts of the said Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained relating to the said Commissioners thereby appointed, ^nd the Compensations thereby provided for or directed to be blade, and 'the Mode of ascertaining such Compensations, shall extend and be applicable and be applied to this Act, and the Compensations hereby directed to be made, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if such Parts of the said Act, and such Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and the said Compensations shall be paid and made out of all and every of the Duties, Revenues and Income composing the Fund called The Consolidated Fund, in the same manner as the Compensations by the said former Act directed are thereby provided to be paid, and that the Tolls, Rates or Duties on Tonnage, or by any other Act or Acts in force and effect imposed for raising a Fund for making Compensations directed to be made by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall also be paid and applied for making good the Monies which shall and may be paid out of the said Consolidated Fund for making the Compensations to be settled and ascertained by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Claim shall be received or admitted by the said Commissioners for any Compensation until after the Expiration of Three Years next after any Rate granted or made payable by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel entering into or using any of the Docks or Basons to be made by virtue of this Act shall have been taken; and the said Directors shall and they are required to cause Notice to be given in the London Gazette, and Two or more public Newspapers usually circulated in London, of the Day on which such Rate shall have been taken, within the Space of Fourteen Days after the Day on which such Rate shall have been taken; and all and every Bodies and Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, and other Persons and Person whomsoever, who shall deem himself, herself or themselves intitled to any such Compensation, shall within One Year after the Expiration of the said Three Years, enter a Memorial or Memorials of such their respective Claims in a Book to be for that Purpose prepared and kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, which Book the said Clerk is hereby required to prepare and keep accordingly, and for which Entry such Clerk shall be entitled to such Fee, and no other, as the Register of the County of Middlesex is by the Law intitled to the Registry of a Memorial containing the same Number of Words; and that in case any Body Politic,

Corporate

Commissioners of Compensations in the West India Dock Act to be the Commis. soners for the like Purposes under this Act.

No Claims to be made for such last mentioned Compensations, until Three Years after Rate taken and Notice thereof.

4-76

6*.cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Claimants may recover Compensation Money from Persons who have wrongfully received the same.

Hates appointed to be paid to the East India Dock Company for Ships using the Dock.

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or other Person or Persons whosoever, shall refuse or neglect to enter, or cause to be entered, such Memorial or Memorials of such his, her or their Claim or Claims in Manner aforesaid, within One Year next ensuing the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years, then and in every such Case all and every such Bodies and Bodjr Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons and Person whosoever so refusing or neglecting to enter such Memorial or Memorials in Manner and within the Time aforesaid, shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, barred and excluded from all Right and Title to any such Compensation or Compensations whatsoever, under or by virtue of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that if any Person or Persons intitled to, or who might claim any such Compensation, shall be absent from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland during the whole of the said One Year, and there shall not be any Person in the said United Kingdom duly empowered to act for him, her or them in that Behalf, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so being or having been absent to enter a Memorial or Memorials of his, her or their Claim or Claims in Manner aforesaid, at any Time within Two Years next ensuing after the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years; or in Default thereof such Person and Persons shall be, and is and are hereby declared to be, in like Manner barred and excluded from all Right and Title to any such Compensation under or by virtue of this Act.

XC. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to hinder or prevent any Person or Persons whomsoever, so as aforesaid barred of any Right, Title, Claim or Demand of or to any such Compensation, from commencing or bringing any Action or Actions of Debt, or for Money had and received for his, her or their Use, against any Person or Persons, or the legal Representatives of the Person or Persons who shall have received all or any Part of the Compensation Money to which the Person or Persons so barred might have been entitled, if he, she or they had claimed and proceeded as aforesaid in due Time; and that in every such Case the respective Plaintiffs, on due Proof of his, her or their Right and Title to any such Money, shall recover the same, with legal Interest in respect thereof, from the Person or Persons so receiving such Compensation Money, or from his, her or their legal Representatives.

XCI. And, in Consideration of the great Charges and Expences which the making, building, erecting and providing of such Docks,

Basons, Sluices, Bridges and other Works authorized and intended to be made in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, and the supporting, maintaining and keeping of the same in Repair for the future Be it further enacted, That there shall be payable and paid to the said Bast India Dock Company, or to their Collectors, Receivers or Agents, for the Use of the said East India Dock Company, for every Ship or Vessel entering into and using any Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, by the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

such Ship or Vessel, or by the Owner or Owners thereof, the several and respective Rates following; (that is to say),

For every such Ship or Vessel (except Country Ships or Vessels hereinafter described) entering Inwards, and unloading her Cargo in the said Docks, and unloading her Cargo Outwards in the said Docks, the Rate or Sum of Fourteen Shillings per Ton, according to the Register Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, to be paid within Ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared Inwards t For every Ship or Vessel built in the j Indies (called Country Ships) and navigated by Lascars (not less than Two thirds of her Crew being Lascars) , entering Inwards, and unloading her Cargo in the said Docks, and loading her Cargo Outwards in the said Docks, the Rate or Sum of Twelve Shillings per Ton, Register Tonnage as aforesaid, to be paid within Ten Days after such Ship or Vessel shall be cleared Inwards; the last mentioned Rate being Two Shillings per Ton less than the Rate on other Ships or Vessels, in Consideration of the Expences of and in the Maintenance of the Lascars whilst such Country Ships or Vessels are unloading;

For eve^ Ship or Vessel loading Outwards in the said Docks, being a new Ship, or not having upon her last Arrival unloaded Inwards therein, the Rate or Sum of Four Shillings per Ton, Register Tonnage as aforesaid, to be paid before such Ship or Vessel shall depart from the Docks:

In case any such British or Country, or other Ship or Vessel, having unloaded her Cargo in the said Docks, shall remove from the said Docks before loading any Cargo Outwards, and shall not load any Cargo Outwards in the said Docks, there shall be allowed and returned, in respect thereof, the Sum of Two Shillings out of every such Fourteen Shillings or Twelve Shillings respectively, to be repaid before such Ship or Vessel shall sail from the said Port of London:

And in case such Ship or Vessel shall have completed her regular Number of Voyages, or shall not be continued in the East India Trade, there shall be allowed and returned, in respect thereof, for the last Voyage of such Ship or Vessel in such East India Trade, the Sum of Four Shillings out of every such Fourteen Shillings or Twelve Shillings respectively, to be repaid within One Calendar Month after such Ship or Vessel shall be removed from the Dock.

And there shall also be payable and paid to the said East .India Dock Company, or to their Collectors, Receivers or Agents, for their Use, for all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or brought from the East Indies or China, which shall be landed, unshipped or discharged from on board of any Ship or Vessel entering into and using anjr of the said intended Docks or Basons, by the East India Company, or by any other Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively (over and above and besides the Rates hereinbefore granted and specified) the Rate following; (that is to say),

For all Goods, Wares and Merchandize imported or brought from the East Indies or China, or coming from the East Indies or

477

Tonnage Duty ?n Ships.

Duty on Merchandize per Ton.

478

C, cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Exemptions.

Manner of recovering Rates.

China, and unloaded in the said Docks, the Rate or Sum of Two Shillings per Ton (such Ton to be estimated and calculated on all Goods, Wares and Merchandize whatever, according to the usual and accustomed Mode of estimating and calculating Tons of Goods, Wares and Merchandize by the East India Company) , which Rate or Sum shall be paid in respect of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported or brought by or for the said East India Company, within Three Months after the Ship or Vessel containing such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be cleared, and in respect of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize so imported or brought by or for any other Person or Persons, such Rate or Sum of Money shall be deducted out of the Produce of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, at the Sales thereof, by the Receiver of the East India Company, and shall by him be paid over to the Collector or Receiver for the said East India Company as soon after such Sales as the Account of such privileged or private Trade of such Goods, Wares and Merchandize can be made up.

Which several Rates or Sums of Money shall be accepted and taken for and in Satisfaction of the Use and Convenience of the said Docks, and all Charges and Expences of the navigating, mooring, unmooring, removing and Management of such Ship or Vessel, from her Arrival at the Entrance into the said Docks until such Ship or Vessel shall be unloaded and removed from the said Docks, and also the unloading or unshipping of her Cargo and Stores within the said Docks, and also for the loading of her Cargo and Stores within the said Docks, together with the Use of the Light Dock for any Space of Time, not exceeding Six Calendar Months from the Time of unloading such Ship or Vessel, in case there shall be sufficient and convenient Space for the Reception of such Ship or Vessel in such Light Dock during such Six Calendar Months; and all such Rates shall be and are hereby vested in the said East India Dock Company, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (holding for the time being Shares of the aforesaid Capital Stock) , as their own proper Monies, for the several Purposes herein mentioned; and such several Rates shall be paid to the Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons appointed to collect and receive the same as aforesaid.

XCII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to charge with the said Rates any Lighters or Craft entering into the said Docks, Basons or other Works, or any of them, to convey, deliver, discharge or receive Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to or from on board of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, in such Docks, Basons or other Works, or any of them.

XCIII. And to the Intent that the Rates imposed by this Act 4 maybe more effectually collected and levied, ’ Be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Owners, or Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel charged or chargeable with any of the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, then and in every such Case it shall from time to time be lawful for the Collector or

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 479

Collectors, to be duly appointed in pursuance of this Act, to go on board of such Ship or other Vessel, to demand, collect and receive the said Rate, and on Nonpayment thereof, to take and distrain such Ship or other Vessel, and all her Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the same to detain until the said respective Rates shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates, or an)1' of them, for the Space of Five Days next after any Distress or Distresses so made or taken, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more Sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons not interested therein, and afterwards to sell the said Distress or Distresses, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves as well for and in respect of the Rates so neglected or refused to be paid as for and in respect of his or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising and selling the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners, or Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of such Ship or Vessel, upon Demand.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, shall by any Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times, elude or evade the Payment of the Rates hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or evading Payment as aforesaid shall stand charged with, and be liable to the Payment of such Rates so eluded or evaded, and such Rates shall and may be recovered from such Master, or Owner or Owners respectively, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, by the said Directors, in the Name of the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors, by Action of Debt or on the Case, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at,

wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allo'wed.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage or Admeasurement of all Ships and Vessels liable to the Payment of any of the Rates of Tonnage by this Act imposed, shall be ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s Register, and the Master or other Person having the Command of each and every such Ship or Vessel is hereby required to produce such Certificate of Registry, at the Time of Payment of the said Rates, to the Person or Persons who shall be duly authorized to collect and receive such Rates; and in case of any Dispute in or about the same, then and in such Case the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel shall be ascertained in the Manner and according to the Directions of an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That for more easily collecting the said Rates, the Collector and Collectors thereof, and such other Person and Persons as the said Collectors shall respectively, from time to time, duly appoint in that Behalf, shall at all proper and seasonable Times, have at the Custom House free Access to and Inspection of the respective Registers and Papers of all and every Ship and Ships resorting to the Port of, on or after

their Entry or Clearance at the Custom House, paying or tendering

Persons eluding the Payment to continue chargeable.

To ascertain the Tonnage or Admeasurement of Ships.

26 G. 3. c, 60.

Collectors, &c. to have Access to Registers of Ships at the Custom House.

480

Powers to measure, Sac. Ships

and Vessels.

Costs of Measuring.

Obstructing such Measuring, Sec.

[Penalty.]

Custom House Officers not to discharge any Vessel before Duties paid.

C.cxxvi. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

ing for every such Access and Inspection the Sum of One Shilling and no more.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector or Collectors of any of the said Rates, or such other Person or Persons as the said Directors shall duly nominate and appoint in that Behalf, and the Master or other Person having the Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, shall disagree respecting the Tonnage of such Ship or other Vessel, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, or Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, from time to time and at all times convenient and reasonable, to stop, detain, enter into, measure and gauge the same; and in case the same shall upon such measuring or gauging appear to be of greater Tonnage than shall be then set forth and contained in the Account which shall have been given thereof by such Master or other Person, then and in every such Case the Master or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such measuring or gauging, all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof on Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as the said Rates are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if any such Ship or other Vessel shall be found to be of the same or’ of less Tonnage than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then and in every such Case the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall pay the Costs and Charges of such measuring or gauging, and shall also pay such farther Damages as shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting in or for the said County of, on the

Oath of any credible Witness, to have arisen from such Detention, and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Wager of Law, Privilege or Protection, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Master, Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons whosoever, shall obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons so employed from measuring or gauging any Ship or Vessel, in pursuance of this Act, every such Master, Commander or other Person, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds over and above the said Rates.

XCVXII. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties by this (Act imposed may be duly accounted for and paid Be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Collector of His Majesty's Customs Inwards or Outwards in the Port of London, shall on any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any Ship or Vessel that shall have unloaded or loaded in the said Docks or Basons, or any of them, and on which the several Rates of Tonnage are by this Act imposed, to be cleared Inwards or Outwards, unless and until the Master or other Person having Charge of such Ship or Vessel shall have paid to the Officer or Person appointed to receive the same, the full Rates of Tonnage to be demanded and taken by virtue of this Act, with regard to such Ship or Vessel, in respect of having unloaded or loaded in such Dock or Docks, Bason or Basons, of which Payment the Signature of the

Officer

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

481

Officer or Person so receiving such Rates, to the Manifest, Content, Cocket, Sufferance or other Document to be produced to the said Collector at the Time of clearing such Ship or Vessel, shall be and be deemed to be good and sufficient Evidence; and such respective Officers and Persons so receiving such Rates shall and they are hereby required at the Time of the Payment thereof, to sign and give such Manifest, Content, Cocket, Sufferance or other Document, without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of Forfeiture of Twenty Pounds.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and P?wertothe may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any F'ive or more i^e^and^ *n of them, at any time or times after examining and inspecting the to raise theg Accounts to be kept of the said Docks, Sluices, Bridges, Roads Rates granted and other Works and Conveniencies to be by them, or by the said to the East Company, made, erected and maintained, by virtue and in pur- India Dock suance of this Act, to reduce or discontinue all or any of the Rates 5

hereby granted and made payable to the said India Dock they^al^not Company, and also to advance or revive the same again, in such be higher than manner as to them shall from time to time seem meet and expe- as expressed in dient, so as the said Rates, when so advanced or revived again, tIie Table, and do not exceed the Rates hereinbefore granted, and so as every ^Iteration of ° such Alteration of the said Rates shall be approved of by the said the Rates Company at some General Meeting; and the Rates so reduced or be approved of revived shall and may, from time to time, be collected, received by the Com-or recovered, by such Ways and Means as the original Rates Pany* hereby granted are authorized to be collected, received and recovered.

C. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Time The Docks and when the Docks, Basons and other Works hereinbefore authorized other Works to to be made, shall be completed so as to be ready for the Reception of Ships, the said East India Dock Company and their Successors commo^ shall, and they are hereby required (inevitable Accidents only dious for the excepted) , at their own Costs and Charges, to keep, or cause to be Shipping and kept, the said Docks, Basons and other Works, with their Appur- Business to be tenances, in good and sufficient repair, and well and sufficiently conducted supplied with Water, so as at all Times thereafter to be fit for the ierem‘ Reception of Ships and Vessels arriving from or bound to the East Indies or China, and for the convenient Passage and Repassage of such Ships and Vessels to and from the said Docks and Basons, and for the convenient loading, unloading and mooring of the said Ships and Vessels; and the said East India Dock Company and their Successors shall, and they are hereby required at their own Costs and Charges, to construct and make, or cause to be constructed and made, such Locks and other Works as shall enable Lighters and Craft, loaded or unloaded, at all Times of the Tide, in a reasonable manner, to pass and repass to and from the River Thames into and from the said Docks and Basons, and the said Ships and Vessels, loading and unloading, or being therein; and the said East India Dock Company and their Successors shall, and they are hereby required at their like proper Costs and Charges, with all reasonable Dispatch, and in a convenient manner, to load and unload, and take care of, or cause to be loaded, unloaded and taken care of, all such Ships and Vessels as by this 43 Geo. III. 1 i Act

482

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Not to affect Liability of Owners and

Act are required or authorized to be loaded, unloaded and moored in the said Docks and Basons.

Cl. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Owners and Commanders of all the Ships and Vessels in the Ser-

Commanders Of vice of , °, r employed by the said United Company, shall remain East India answerable and liable to the said United Company and their Suc-Ships in respect cessors for the due Stowage and Delivery of their Cargoes, according to the true Intent and Meaning of any Contracts, Charter Parties or Agreements at any Time made or entered into, or to be made or entered into, by and between the said Owners and Commanders respectively and the said United Company, in like manner as if the said Ships and Vessels had continued to be loaded and unloaded in the manner heretofore accustomed, and as if this Act

to Performance of Contracts.

The East India Company’s Surveyors to superintend the loading and unloading of the Ships as heretofore.

The East India .Company’s Works to be begun as soon as possible, and a Statement of the Progress thereof to be laid before Parliament yearly.

had not been made.

Cl I. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said United Company and their Successors to cause such Surveyors and other Persons as they shall see fit, to go and remain on board the said Ships and Vessels at such Times, whilst loading and unloading, as the Officers of the India Dock Company, or any other Person or Persons may lawfully go to and remain on board such Ships, and to superintend such loading and unloading as they maj' now lawfully do, this Act or any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That the Docks, Basons and other Works, by this Act authorized and directed to be made, shall be begun as soon as possible after the passing of this Act, and completed with all convenient Dispatch, and that after such Docks, Basons and other Works shall be begun, the said Directors of the said East India Dock Company shall until the Completion thereof, lay before each House of Parliament yearly, within Thirty Days next after the Commencement of every Session of Parliament, a true Statement of the Progress made in the Form-

Directors to lay an Account before Parliament yearly.

The Directors empowered to appoint Clei-ks, Treasurers, and other Officers for the East India Dock Company, taking Security, and to allow them Salaries.

ation of such Docks, Basons and other Works.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Directors shall, and they are hereby required yearly, during the Formation of such Docks, Basons and other Works, and after the Completion thereof, to lay before each House of Parliament, within Thirty Days next after the Commencement of each Session of Parliament, a true Account of the Receipt and Application of all Monies which shall be received by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, and in every such Account shall be set forth the Alteration (if any) made in any of the Rates hereby made payable to the said East India Dock Company.

CV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Secretary or Secretaries, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Watchman or Watchmen, and Labourers of every Description, and such other Officers and Servants as they shall find necessary, for such of the Purposes of this Act as are to be executed or done by the said Directors, taking such Security and Securities for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Directors, or any Five or more of them, shall from time to time think fit, and out of the Money to be received by the said Company, by virtue of this Act, to pay or

allow

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C, cxxvi.

483

allow unto such Person or Persons such Salaries, Allowances or Recompence, yearly or otherwise, for their Time, Trouble and Labour, as to the said Directors shall seem meet and reasonable, and from time to time to remove or suspend them, or any of them, and appoint others in their Stead, or in the Room of such as shall die or become incapable of performing their respective Offices.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons so appointed as aforesaid, shall under their Hands, at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Directors shall direct, deliver to such Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Directors; or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall, upon Oath, verify their said Accounts (which Oath any Five of the said Directors is hereby empowered to administer); and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to produce or deliver up any Receipt or Voucher relating to the same, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by such Directors, all Books, Papers and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies, as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Directors, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cases aforesaid such Directors may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Directors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, shall be and reside, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) , it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by

I i 2 virtue

Officers to account.

Upon Oath;

and deliver up Books.

Action by Directors.

Jurisdiction of Justices of Peace.

When Money kept by Officer.

484

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Distress.

Officers refusing to account, &c.

Imprisonment.

Proviso for Remedy against Sureties of Officers;

and for Trinity House;

and for the Rights of His Majesty and Corporation of London.

virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monej ', and the Charges of distraining and selling the same, or if it shall appear to such Justice, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justice is hereby empowered to administer) , that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up any of the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the same, or shall not have delivered to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as shall have been appointed by them to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after being thereunto required by such Directors, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any or either of the Cases aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County of Middlesex, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Directors, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Directors are hereby empowered to make) , and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Directors.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive the said Company of any Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, against the Surety or Sureties of any Dock Master, Collector or other Person or Persons whomsoever, to be appointed in Execution of this Act, for the Nonperformance of any Covenant or Agreement, entered into by such Dock Master, Collector or other Person or Persons to be appointed as aforesaid, or his or their Surety or Sureties, touching any Thing to be done under or in pursuance of this Act.

CVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from any of the Rights or Privileges of the Master, Wardens and Assistants of the Trinity House of Deptford.

CIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice or derogate from the Estates, Rights, Interests, Privileges, Franchises or Authority of the King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of,

or their Successors, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, or to prohibit, defeat, alter or diminish any Power, Authority or Jurisdiction, which at the time of making this Act, His Majesty, or the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London, or the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, as Conservator for the River Thames and Waters of Medway, did or

might

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi.

4 85

might lawfully claim, use or exercise; and further, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time being, in like Manner as he hath used to do in other Cases, to inquire of, hear and determine by Presentment or Indictment taken before him as Conservator of the said Rivers and Waters, any Offences contrary to this Act, or such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations as shall be made as aforesaid, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders to impose a Penalty or Penalties on him, her or them, not exceeding the Penalty or Penalties hereby inflicted, or which shall be inflicted in and by the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations for such Offence or Offences, but no Person shall be punished Twice for One and the same Offence.

CX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That none of the Directions or Restrictions herein contained, requiring Ships and Vessels which shall arrive or come from any Part of the Indies into the River Thames, to unload and land their respective Cargoes or any Part thereof, within some or One of the said Docks, or on the Quays or Wharfs which shall belong thereto, shall continue in force for longer than the Term of Twenty one Years, to commence on the Day that any Rate granted or made payable by this Act for or in respect of any Ship or Vessel entering the said Docks or Basons, shall have been demanded and taken, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall give false Evidence in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, or where in pursuance of this Act any Oath is required to be taken, shall swear falsely, shall be subject to such Pains, Penalties and Disqualifications as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are or for the time being shall be subject or liable to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors and the said Directors may sue and be sued in the Name of the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors for the time being; and that all Actions or Suits that may be necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty, or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, or for or in respect of any Matter or Thing relating to this Act, may be brought in the Name of the said Secretary; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced or prosecuted, by or against the said Company of Proprietors, or the said Directors, or either of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, in the Name of such Secretary, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suspension or Removal of such Secretary, or by any Act or Default of such Secretary done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Company of Proprietors or the said Directors, but the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors for the time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in every such Action or Suit, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Company of Proprietors or the said Directors and such Secretary for the time being, in which Action or Suit, any One of the said Directors shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be; and every such Action and Suit, and the Process, Verdict, Judgment and Execution to be had therein respectively, shall be as

Ii 3 good

Lord Mayor empowered as Conservator of the River Thames to punish Offences contrary to this Act, or to any Bye Laws as may be made as aforesaid.

For limiting1 the Restriction requiring East India Ships to unload in the Docks to Twenty one Years.

Giving false Evidence or swearing falsely.

Punishment.

Provision for the bringing and defending Actions in the Name of the Secretary.

486

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Proceedings to be entered.

Property of the Company vested in Directors.

Distress not to be deemed unlawful for Want of Form.

good, valid and effectual as if all the Members of the said Company, or all the said Directors had been the Plaintiffs or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and actually named as such therein, and had all lived during the Continuance of such Action or Suit, any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding:Provided always, that every such Secretary and Director, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges and Expences as such Secretary or Director shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein; and neither the said Secretary or Director shall be personally answerable or liable for the Payment of the same, or any Part of them, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect or Default, or have been brought or commenced, or defended without the Order or Direction of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their said Directors.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors and the said Directors shall cause to be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein of all their Acts, Orders and Proceedings respectively, relative to the Execution of this Act; and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Chairman of the respective Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors and the said Directors, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Cases, Suits and Actions touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Docks, Basons, Sluices, Drains, Bridges and all Buildings and other Works, Matters and Things thereunto belonging, and all the Materials thereof, or for the constructing, making, completing or at any Time hereafter repairing the same, and all Engines, Tools, Implements and Things, of whatsoever Description the same may be, hereafter provided for any of the Purposes of this Act, or of the said Docks, Basons or other Works, and also all Books, Writings, Papers and Documents relating to the Execution thereof, and all Sums of Money, or Securites for Money of whatever Kind the same may be, belonging^to the said Company, shall be and are hereby vested in the Directors of the said Company, for the Use of the said Company, and the Directors of the said Company for the time being are hereby authorized and empowered to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indictments, as the Case may require, against any Person or Persons who may steal, take or carry away any Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, or any other Matter or Thing so vested as aforesaid in the said Directors, or disturb them in the Possession thereof, and in every such Indictment and Indictments to lay the Property to be in The Directors of the East India Dock Company.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect, Default or Want ot Form

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvi. 487

in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, may recover full Satisfaction for special Damage by Action on the Case.

CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Penalties not Forfeitures by this Act, or by virtue of any Bye Law, Rule, Or- exceeding sol.

j ' 4/ v •/ 7 / how recovered

der or Regulation made in pursuance thereof, imposed (the manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise directed) not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, shall be levied and recovered (within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed) before any Justice of the Peace for the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and required, upon Complaint to him made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him such Offender or Offenders, at the Time and Place as shall be in such Warrant specified; and if on the Conviction of the Offenders respectively, or on his, her or their Confession, or on the Evidence of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) , such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice to commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City or Place where the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and not less than Twenty Days, unless such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and discharged; and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, when paid, shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors to be applied for the several Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as to the said Directors shall seem right and proper.

CXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties or Penalties above Forfeitures exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, by this Act 20I. how imposed, for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, recovered, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at minster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or any more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, by the Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same within Three Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and One Moiety of all such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as to the said Directors shall seem right and proper, and the other Moiety thereof (together with Costs of Suit) shall be to and for the Use of the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

CXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Per- Persons giving son or Persons informing as aforesaid, shall forego his, her or UP their Right or Title to any Share or Shares of any Fine, Penalty the Whole^o"’ or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, then and in every such Case go to the King such Share or Shares shall be paid to the Secretary of the said a

I i t Company

488

C. cxxvi.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Form of Conviction,

Appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Plaintiffs not recover after Tender of Amends.

Company of Proprietors, to be applied for the several Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as to the said Directors shall seem right and proper, and the Informer or Informers shall be and be deemed a competent Witness or Witnesses.

CXIX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; ,

JJE it remembered, That on the

Day of in the Year of our

1 Lord A.B. is convicted before me,

One of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the

[here specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where

‘ committed, as the Case may he] contrary to an Act of Parliament

made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of King George the ‘ Third, intituled [fiere insert the Title of this Act].

‘ Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day and Year first above

written. ’

CXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, so convicted by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, as before mentioned, of any Offence or Offences against this Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order or Regulation made in pursuance thereof, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter Sessions or General Sessions to be holden for the County, City or Place, where the Matter of Appeal shall arise, first giving Fourteen Days’ Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Matter thereof, and within Seven Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the County, City or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and for abiding the Determination of the Court therein; and such Justices at such Sessions shall, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and Recognizance entered into, hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and may either confirm or quash and annul the said Conviction, and award such Costs to either Party as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and the Decision of the said Justices therein shall be final, binding and conclusive; and no Proceedings to be had or taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by, or

any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, to CXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fourteen Days before such Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if

Tender

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C.cxxvi. cxxvii.

489

Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money, as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into‘ Court.

CXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County or Place where the Cause of Action shall have arisen; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials to be had thereon, and that the Matter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be so brought was done in pursuance of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought before Fourteen Days’ Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or was brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cases by Law.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices and other Persons, are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without the same being specially pleaded.

Cap. cxxvii.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for promoting the Trade of, by

rendering its Port and Harbour more commodious, and for repairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna Liffey, in the City of Dublin; and also for empowering the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of, to build

and repair Bridges over the said River within certain Limits.

[27 th 1803.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

‘ promoting the Trade of Dublin, rendering its Port and

‘ boar

Limitation of Actions j

Where brought and tried.

General Issue.

[Public Act.]

Treble Costs.

26 G. 3. c.

(10

490

C. cxxvii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

32 G. 3. c. 35. (10

40 G.3. c. 47. (10

Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, to rebuild Quay Walls on both

‘ hour more commodious: And Whereas One other Act was made

‘ in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,

‘ intituled An Act for repairing and preserving the Walls of the

River Anna LifFey, in the City of Dublin: And Whereas One 1 other Act was made in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in the Parliament of that Part of the United . Kingdom called Ireland, intituled An Act for amending and

dering more effectual Two several One passed in the Twenty

sixth* Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for

promoting the Trade o/* Dublin, by rendering its Port and Har-i hour more commodious; and the other Act, passfed in the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for re-i pairing and preserving the Walls of the River Anna LifFey, the i City of Dublin; and for amending an Act, passed in the Twenty ‘ sixth Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for - moting the Trade of Dublin, by rendering its Port and Harbour i more commodious: And Whereas it hath been found that the

Provisions in the said recited Act, made in the Thirty second

4 Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Walls of the said River Anna on the North Side from

Carlisle Bridge Eastward to Barrack Bridge Westward, and on the South Side from Crampton Quay Eastward to Barrack Bridge Westward, are ineffectual for the said Purposes: And Whereas the said Walls of the said River on both Sides thereof, from Carlisle Bridge Eastward to Barrack Bridge otherwise called

Bloody Bridge Westward, excepting the Walls of Crampton Quay, and of that part of Aston sQuay which have been already

rebuilt by the Corporation for preserving and improving the

4 Port of Dublin, are now in a very ruinous and dangerous State: And Wrhereas the rebuilding of the Remainder of the said Walls in the same Style and Manner, would tend much to the Improvement of the said Quays, and to the Advantage and Convenience of the Inhabitants thereof, and also of the Inhabitants at large of the District of the Metropolis, and it is therefore expedient that an adequate Fund should be raised for that Purpose, and that the said recited Act should be amended: And Whereas One of the Bridges over the said River Anna Liffey, called Ormond Bridge, which was situated between Essex Bridge and

Barrack Bridge, hath lately fallen, and the other Bridges lying

between Essex Bridge and Barrack Bridge, and also Barrack Bridge aforesaid, are in a State of Decay, and are become dangerous to the Public, and it may hereafter be found expedient to repair such Bridge or Bridges as is or are now built, or to build others, or to arch over some Part or Parts of the said River, between Carlisle Bridge and Barrack Bridge aforesaid: 4 May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin to rebuild all or any Part or Parts of the Quay Walls on both Sides of the said River Anna Liffey, from Carlisle Bridge to Barrack Bridge, on the North Side thereof, and from the West End of Crampton

C. cxxvii.

491

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

Quay to Barrack Bridge aforesaid, on the South Side thereof, in the like Style and Manner in which the Walls of and

Astons Quays have been already rebuilt, and from time to time to maintain, repair or rebuild the same or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Manner as they shall think proper or judge expedient; and that the Care, Management and Superintendance of the Whole of the said River, and the said Walls bounding the same, and the rebuilding, maintaining and repairing thereof within the Limits aforesaid, be from the passing of this Act fully and exclusively vested in the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin; and that it shall be lawful for the said Corporation^ from time to time to build, rebuild, repair or improve any Bridge or Bridges, or any Arch or Arches over any Part or Parts of the said River Anna within the Limits

aforesaid, for which any Presentment shall have been obtained in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, from the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, according to such Plan and Plans as shall have been laid before the said Grand Juries for that Purpose, by the Order or Direction of the said Corporation.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties and Clauses in the said recited Acts contained, (save and except such Parts of the same respectively as are varied, altered or repealed by any subsequent Act or Acts) , shall be as good, valid and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the same were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be

agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, or of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustees, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall in case the same shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of, in

the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said Corporation, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Directions and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, affecting the same Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the same or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said

Court,

Sides of the River Anna Liffey;

also to build and repair Bridges over the said River.

Powers of former Acts continued.

Application of Compensation where equal to 2001.

492

C. cxxvii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Application of Compensation where not less than 2001. and exceeding 201.

Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in Government Securities; and in the mean Time and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall, from time to time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) , be paid into the Bank of, in the Name and with

the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Corporation (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating Party or Parties, and under the Seal of the said Corporation) , in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery: Provided also, that where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such manner as the said Corporation shall direct, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or

Guardians,

A.D. 1803. 43°, GEO. III. C. cxxvii.

493

Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from time to time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Corporation, who shall from time to time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

VI. And towards enabling the said Corporation to rebuild,

maintain and repair the said Walls within the Limits aforesaid, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who is or are or shall be the Occupier or Occupiers, or in any Manner in the Possession of any Ground, or of any House or Houses, or other Building or Buildings, which are or shall be erected on any Ground situate either on the North or South Side of the said River Liffey, between Carlisle Bridge on the East and Barrack Bridge on the West, and bounding or immediately adjoining and fronting the said River or any of the Quays thereof, (save and except the several Proprietors and Occupiers of Ground on Cra, and that Part of Aston's Quay, the Walls whereof have been already rebuilt by the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin) , shall yearly and every Year, by Two equal Half yearly Payments, on every First Day of August and every First Day of,

for ever, pay or cause to be paid to the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of, and their Successors,

at the Ballast Office of the Port of Dublin for the time being, the Sum of Two Shillings b}' the Year, for each and every Foot, and so in Proportion for every fractional Part of a Foot, which such Ground, or such House or Houses, Building or Buildings respectively, shall contain in Front of the said River, together with Fees for receiving and collecting the same, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum, to be computed upon the Sum which shall be so payable by such Person or Persons respectively; the first Payment of the said Rates to be made on the First Day of,

and First Day of February, which shall next be after the passing of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Rate of Assessment of Two Shillings per Foot, so directed to be raised as aforesaid, be and the same is hereby exclusively appropriated to rebuilding and keeping in Repair the Walls aforesaid, and that it shall not be applied to any other Purpose or Use whatever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Duty of Two Shillings by the Foot as aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered and accounted for in the like Manner, and by such Ways, Means and Methods, and with such Powers and Authorities

in

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

Occupiers of Ground or Houses fronting the said River, to pay 2s. per Foot.

Frontage Rate to be applied exclusively for rebuilding and repairing Quay Walls.

How Rates collected.

494 *

C. cxxvii.

43° GEO. III.

A.D. 1803.

Corporation to lay before Court of King’s Bench, Estimates of Expence of rebuilding the said Walls and Bridges, and of how much it may be necessary to raise by Presentment;

to be verified by Affidavit.

in all Respects, as were appointed by the said recited Act of the Thirty second Year of His Majesty's Reign, for raising, levying, collecting, recovering and accounting for the Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence by the Foot, imposed by the said Act on the Occupiers or Possessors of Ground, Houses or Buildings, situate on Crampton Quay and Aston's Quay, as fully to all Intents as if all the Clauses in the said Act, applicable to the said Duty of One Shilling and Six Pence, were herein re-enacted with respect to the said new Duty of Two Shillings hereby imposed; and that all and every the House or Houses, or other Building or Buildings, or Ground, and the respective Owners and Occupiers thereof, subject to the said Rate or Assessment of Two Shillings per Foot, shall also be subject to their Share and Proportion of the further Rates or Assessments provided by this Act.

IX. And Whereas it is apprehended that the said Rate of Two ‘ Shillings by the Foot will alone be very inadequate to defray the Expence of rebuilding the said Walls, and it is expedient that some adequate Fund should also be created for enabling the said Corporation from time to time to rebuild, repair and improve the said Bridges, or to arch over such Part of the said River as aforesaid: And Whereas the Inhabitants at large of the District of the Metropolis which comprises Part of the County of will derive an equal Benefit and Convenience from all the said Works with the Inhabitants of the County of the City of,

and it is therefore reasonable that they should contribute towards carrying the same into effect Be it therefore further enacted, That whenever the said Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin, shall on the First Sitting Day of any Easter or

Michaelmas Term, cause to be laid before the Court of King’s Bench, signed with the proper Names and Handwriting of any Three Members of the said Corporation, and sealed with their Corporate Seal, an Estimate of the total probable Expence of rebuilding the said Quay Walls on both Sides of the said River Anna Liffey, in the like Style and Manner wherein those of Crampton and Astons Quay have been already rebuilt, together with an Estimate of the total probable net annual Amount of the said Rate of Two Shillings by the Foot, and of the total Amount of all such other of their Funds as may be appropriated or applicable to the rebuilding of the same, and of the gross Sum Total which they shall calculate to be deficient, and which they conceive it would be expedient to raise by Presentment, in order to enable them, in Addition to their said other Funds, to execute the said Work in a reasonable Time; or whenever the said Corporation shall on any such Days as aforesaid cause to be laid before the said Court, signed and sealed as aforesaid, a Plan and Estimate for the building or rebuilding of any Bridge, or of any Arch over any Part of the said River within the Limits aforesaid, or an Estimate for the repairing, or repairing and improving of any such Bridge or Arch, or of any Bridge within the said Limits, together with an Estimate in each Case respectively of the whole probable Expence of such intended Work, verified by the Affidavit of Two skilful Persons, or by the Affidavit of the Ballast Master of the Port of, the

said Court of King’s Bench shall in each and every such Case charge the Grand Jury of the County of the City of, and

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III.

C, cxxvii.

495

the Grand Jury of the County of, to meet in One Room,

at a certain Time to be named by the Court jointly, to read and consider the said Estimate, or the said Plan and Estimate, as the Case may be, and also to consider of the Scite of any Bridge or Arch intended to be erected, or of the Repairs thereof, or of the Repairs and Improvement of any Bridge already erected within the said Limits, as the Case may be; and if the said Grand Juries, or any Twenty four Members thereof, shall, by Writing by them signed, express their Approbation of the said Estimate, or of the said Plan and Estimate, as the Case may be, that then the said Estimate, or Plan and Estimate, together with the said Consent and Approbation, shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Crown until the First Sitting Day of the next ensuing presenting Term, when the same shall be laid, together with such Consent and Approbation as aforesaid, by the said Clerk of the Crown, before the said Court of King’s Bench, and the said Court of King’s Bench shall again convene the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin, and County of Dublin, in manner aforesaid, and give the

said Estimate, or Plan and Estimate, as the Case may be, together with the Approbation aforesaid in Charge to them, to read and consider the same, and if approved by them to make Presentments accordingly; and it shall then be lawful for the said Grand Juries so convened, or any Twenty four Members thereof, and they are hereby required to present the whole Amount of the Estimate so laid before them, to be raised and levied by equal Half yearly Instalments, at every Easter and Michaelmas Term, on and out of all Houses, and other Buildings erected or to be erected within the District of the Metropolis; and to be paid by all and every the Owners or Occupiers thereof; and further, for the raising of the said Instalments, to present a certain Rate of Assessment which shall be agreed on by the said Grand Juries, or any Twenty four Members thereof, of a certain Sum in the Pound, to be levied on the Value of all such Houses or other Buildings, according to the Valuation by which they are now or hereafter may be valued or rated for or towards the Maintenance of the Watch Establishment of the said District: Provided always, that no such Rate of Assessment to be made on any Presentment for any One of the said Works, shall on any House or Building exceed the yearly Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on such Value as aforesaid; and that if it be found expedient to make Presentments for Two or more of the said Works to be carried on at the same Time, the total Amount of all such Rates of Assessment to be made on all such Presentments shall not in any One Year exceed, on any House or Building, the Sum of One Shilling and Six Pence in the Pound on the aforesaid Value.

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after any and every such Presentment, the Secretaries of the Grand Juries of the County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin respectively, shall after every Easter and Michaelmas Term assess, without any further Presentment or Direction of any subsequent Grand Jury, the said Half yearly Rate or Rates so presented as aforesaid, on the respective Owners and Occupiers aforesaid, and deliver the same in Warrants to the Collectors hereinafter mentioned, and so from Term to Term, until the whole Amount of the respective

general

Grand Jury to be summoned to consider said Estimates.

Presentments to be made, and Rates settled.

Not to exceed Is. in the Pound.

After Presentments made. Secretaries to the Grand Juries to assess.

496

C. cxxvii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

general Presentment, of which any such Half yearly Rates may be the respective Instalments, shall have been raised, from which Time the same respective Rates shall cease and be no longer payable.

XI. And to the End that the said Half yearly Rates may be ‘ the more easily assessed upon the said Houses and Buildings,

and their respective Owners and Occupiers Be it further en-Manner of as- acted, That it shall be lawful for the said Grand Juries of the sessing Houses, County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin respect-&c* ively, of the Term wherein any such Half yearly Rate or Rates

shall have been presented, by Requisitions in Writing, to be signed by their respective Secretaries, to require the Superintendant Magistrate of the City of Dublin for the time being, to furnish to the said respective Secretaries of the said Grand Juries within Four Days next after the End of such Term, true and correct Lists of all and every House or Houses, or other Building or Buildings, within their respective Counties, which now is or are or hereafter shall be liable to be rated towards the Maintenance of the Watch Establishment of the said City, and also true and correct Returns of the respective Valuations according to which each and every such House or other Building now is or hereafter shall be rated towards the Maintenance of the said Establishment; and also yearly and every Year afterwards, during the Continuance of any such Half yearly Rate, by like Requisitions to be made Two Calendar Months before the Sitting Day of Easter Term, to require the said Superintendant Magistrate to furnish to the said respective Secretaries, within Twenty one Days before the Sitting Day of the said Easter Term, true and correct Lists of all such Houses and other Buildings, within their respective Counties, as may have been valued under the Authority of any Act of Parliament for regulating the Peace Establishment of the said District, or of any other Law subsequent to the last Return made by the said Superintendant Magistrate pursuant to this Act, together with a true and correct Return of all and every such Valuation; and the said Superintendant Magistrate is hereby required to transmit to the said respective Secretaries, at the respective Times aforesaid, such Lists and Returns as aforesaid, verified by the Affidavit of the Secretary of his Office; and if the said Superintendant Magistrate or Secretary shall refuse or neglect to transmit any such List or Return at any of the respective Times aforesaid, or to verify the same as aforesaid, the Defaulter in either Case shall for each and every such Default forfeit and pay a Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Action to be brought in the Name of the respective Treasurer of the County of the City of, or County of

Dublin, as the Case may be, and applied as Part of the Public Money of the said County of the City or County respectively. Assessments to

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Secre-be delivered to taries shall, within Twenty one Days after every Easter and the Collectors. Michaelmas Term in every Year, by the said Lists and Returns, assess the Half yearly Rates aforesaid, on each and every House and other Building erected or to be erected within the said District of the Metropolis, and on the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof, and insert the said Assessments in Warrants, and deliver the same to the respective Collectors of the Grand Jury Cess in

the

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C.cxxvii.

the County of the City of Dublin and County of, for the

time being, to be by them collected and levied forthwith.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Collectors of the Grand Jury Cess for the County of the City of Dublin and County of Dublin respectively, for the time being, shall be and they are hereby empowered and authorized to levy and collect all the said Half yearly Rates which shall be so delivered to them in Warrants as aforesaid, and that for that Purpose they shall be and they are hereby severally invested with all the like Powers and Authorities for collecting, levying and recovering the same, and all Arrears thereof, and for enforcing Payment thereof, as they now are or from time to time may be invested with for levying any other Monies presented or to be presented by the said respective Grand Juries, and shall collect and levy the same in like Manner and with like Remedies, in case of Nonpayment, as any other Monies so presented, save as herein otherwise directed:Provided always, that the said Half yearly Rates shall, in all Stages of their Applotment and Collection, be kept separate and distinct from all other Rates and Presentments whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That each and every of the said Collectors respectively shall enter into such Security by Bond or Recognizance to the respective Secretaries of the said Grand Juries, and with such Sureties as the said Grand Juries respectively shall deem sufficient for the diligent Collection of all such Warrants as shall be delivered to them respectively under this Act, and for the rendering of a just and true Account of all such Sum or Sums of Money as they may from time to time respectively collect by virtue thereof, and for the due and punctual Payment of the same in such Manner and at such Time and Times as are prescribed hereby.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress or

Distresses taken by any Collector or Collectors of the Grand Jury Cess by virtue of this Act, shall be replevied, it shall be sufficient in Law for the Collector to justify the taking, by avowing or making Cognizance generally that he took the Goods and Chattels in the Plaintiff’s Declaration mentioned, by virtue of this Act for the Anna Liffey Cess in the County of the City of, (or County

of Dublin) , ' for . Term in the Year of our

Lord payable out of the Pre-

mises to be described in such Justification, and which Cess was then and still remains due; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Replevin, or the Person or Persons bringing or causing to be brought such Replevin, shall be nonsuited or discontinue the said Action, or a Verdict shall be found, or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, her or them, that then and in that Case he, she or they shall pay Treble Costs, with like Remedy for the Recovery of the same, as where by Law Costs are given to Defendants.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a Certificate, signed by the Secretary of the Grand Jury of the County of the City of

Dublin, or County of Dublin, that the Person so justifying was, at the Time of taking such Distress, such Collector, shall be admitted as conclusive Evidence of such Fact.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Suits under this Act, Proof of Payment within Three Years by any Owner or

43 Geo. III. K k Occupier

497

Powers to Collectors.

[Proviso.]

Collectors to give Security.

Collectors may plead this Act to justify any Distress taken by them.

Treble Costs.

Evidence of Persons appointed Collectors.

Houses to be valued as rated

498

to the Watch Tax.

Situations of Houses, &c. the same as for collecting the Watch Tax.

Collectors to make weekly Payments into the Bank.

Allowance to Treasurers.

Collectors to make out Lists of Arrears.

C.cxxvii. 43°^ GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Occupier of any House or other Building in the District of the Metropolis, of any particular Sum of Money as and for the Watch Tax of the said House or other Building, shall be sufficient Evidence for the Purposes of this Act, of the Valuation of the said House or other Buildings, under the Provisions of the Acts in force for the Regulations of the Peace Establishment of the said District.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Houses and Buildings shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be situated within the same Parishes respectively, as they are or shall be deemed and taken to be situated in for the Purposes of collecting the Watch Tax.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said several Collectors shall on Saturday in every Week, pay into the Bank of Ireland the Amount of all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall severally have received during the said Week by virtue of this Act, for and on Account of the said Corporation, taking a Receipt for each and every such Payment from time to time from the Cashier of the said Bank, which Receipt the said Cashier is hereby required to sign, and give for each and every such Sum or Sums of Money so paid in, purporting that such Sum so paid is for the Use of the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of Dublin; and all such Receipts the said Collectors respectively shall forthwith hand over to the respective Treasurers of the said County of the City and County of, together with a

particular Account of all such Sum or Sums of Money so raised as aforesaid, and also a particular Account of all and every Sum or Sums of Money which is or are due by virtue of this Act, and which remain in Arrear and unpaid; and the said respective Treasurers shall forthwith, by Writing signed by them respectively, notify the Amount of all such Bank Receipts so handed over to them to the Ballast Master of the Port of Dublin.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall make an Allowance of One Shilling in the Pound upon all such Sum or Sums of Money as any Collector shall pay into the said Bank of Ireland for the Account of the said Corporation, and for which the said Collector shall have handed over the Receipt of the Cashier of the said Bank, for the Use of the said Corporation, to the respective Treasurers, and which shall have been by the said Treasurers respectively notified to the Secretary of the said Corporation as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Collectors shall, Seven Days before the Sitting Day of every Easter and Michaelmas Term, return to the several Treasurers of the said CouDty of the City and County respectively, true and faithful Lists, to be verified by the respective Affidavits of such Collectors, of all such Persons by whom any of the Rates or Assessments aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall, at the Time of making such Affidavits, respectively remain due and unpaid, and who shall have become insolvent, and of the Amount of the Sum or Sums of Money due by such Persons respectively, (specifying such Rates and Assessments as remain due and payable out of Houses or Premises lying within the City of Dublin, and such as remain due and payable out of such Parts of the County of Dublin as lie within

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvii.

499

the District of the Metropolis); and that the said Treasurers respectively shall return the said Lists to the Secretaries of the Grand Juries of the County and County of the City of, on

or before the First Sitting Day of Easter and Michaelmas Term, and that the said respective Grand Juries shall have Power and Authority to act with respect to such Arrears in like Manner, to all Intents, as with respect to Arrears due of any other Money presented by them.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be law- Grand Juries ful to and for the Grand Juries of the County of the City of - 10 make Allow-lin, from time to time to present such Sum or Sums of Money as

they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of ’

One hundred Pounds at each Term, and to and for the Grand Juries of the County of Dublin from time to time, to present such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty Pounds at each Term for their respective Treasurers and Secretaries, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Grand Juries respectively shall think proper, in Consideration of the additional Labour, Trouble and Expences of their said respective Treasurers and Secretaries, in making out the Lists and Returns aforesaid, and also in drawing and entering the said Presentments, and making out Books for Collection.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Corporation to Time as any Money arising from any of the aforesaid Rates or draw on Bank Duties, which shall or may be presented and levied under this Act, Ireland for shall have been paid into the Bank of Ireland for the Use of the fo^Pw-poses^f said Corporation, it shall be lawful for the said Corporation, from the Act.

time to time, to draw Drafts on the Governor and Company of the said Bank for Payment of the several Persons to whom the said Corporation shall or may become indebted on account of the said Works, or of either or any of them, provided every such Draft shall be signed by any Three or more of the said Corporation; and the Cashier of the said Bank is hereby required to pay from time to time all Drafts so drawn and signed, not exceeding the Amount of the Balance of the said Public Money which at the Time of such Drafts being presented to him for Payment shall be in the said Bank.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Treasurers to

Treasurers of the said County of the City and Comity of, make a Return

shall make a true and faithful Return to the respective Term the Grand Juries of the City and County of Dublin, at Easter and njes^aid into" Michaelmas Term in every Year, of the Amount of all such Sum the Bank, and Sums of Money as have been paid into the said Bank of Ireland for the Use of the said Corporation, in the Manner before mentioned, and of the Dates of the respective Lodgements; and

the said Corporation shall also return to the said Grand Juries, and at the said Terms respectively in every Year, a true and faithful Account in Writing, signed by their Secretary, of all Sum and Sums of Money laid out and expended by the said Corporation in carrying on the Work or Works before specified since their last Return, the said Return and Account to be verified by the Oath of Upon Oath, the Ballast Master of the Port of Dublin, and by a Certificate signed by Three or more of the Members of the said Corporation.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation for Corporation to

K k 2 preserving keep separate

500

C. cxxviL

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Accounts of Money raised for repairing and rebuilding "Walls, and of Money raised for building and repairing Bridges.

Money to be granted by the Directors of the Inland Navigation in Aid of the Funds hereby granted.

Monies raised by former Acts not to be applied to this Act.

and improving the Port of shall for ever here-

after keep a separate and particular Account of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be raised and levied and received by the said Corporation, by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of repairing and rebuilding the said Walls; and also a separate and particular Account of all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be raised and levied and received by the said Corporation, by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of repairing any Bridge or Bridges within the Limits aforesaid, which is or are now in need of being repaired, or of building or erecting any Bridge or Bridges which may be built or erected by virtue of this Act, and of repairing the same when Occasion shall require.

XXVI. And Whereas the Bed of the said River Anna Lffiy,

lying between Carlisle Bridge and Barrack Bridge aforesaid,

will be effectually cleansed, and by the building of the Walls

aforesaid will be kept clean and deep, whereby the Port and Harbour of Dublin will be benefited Be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors appointed by virtue and acting in Execution of an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty

the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds for promoting Inland Navigation in Ireland, and for the other Purposes therein -

tioned, and for authorizing the receiving the said Sum by, or any Three or more of them, to give, subject to the Rules, Provisions, Regulations and Restrictions in the said Act contained to the said Corporation, any Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, as to the said Directors shall seem right and expedient, and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be applied in Aid of the Funds provided by this Act, to be laid out and expended by the said Corporation in the Improvement of the said River by building the Walls aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Corporation to apply any of the Rates or Duties directed to be raised, and payable to the said Corporation, by virtue of any former Act, to any of the Purposes of this Act, but that the same shall be wholly applied to the Purposes for which they were originally granted, and as if this Act had never been passed; and it is hereby further declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the said Corporation shall be fully indemnified and saved harmless from any Expence or Loss in consequence of their having undertaken the Superintendance and Management of the Works before mentioned.

XXVIII. And Whereas several very necessary and salutary Rules and Regulations are by the Laws now in force obligatory on the Masters and Commanders of Passage Boats, Ships and Vessels usually employed in conveying Passengers between the Port of Dublin and the different Ports in Great Britain (the Captains and Commanders of His Majesty's Yachts and Packets, and also of such Ships or Vessels as may be employed in carrying Expresses or Despatches, and having a Licence under the Hand and Seal of some Person duly authorized by the Lord Lieutenant,

of this Kingdom to grant Licence for such Purpose excepted):

And Whereas the said Rules and Regulations are not at present

made

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxvii.

501

‘ made sufficiently public Be it therefore enacted, That in order to give a greater Publicity to the same, the Master or Commander of every Passage Boat, Ship or Vessel, which shall be licensed by the Corporation for preserving and improving the Port of,

shall keep constantly hung up in a conspicuous Part of the Cabin of such Passage Boat, Ship or Vessel, such an Extract of the said Rules and Regulations as shall be furnished to him or them by the said Corporation; and in case such Extract of the said Rules and Regulations shall be so damaged or injured as to be rendered illegible, or in case the said Master or Commander shall altogether neglect to set up the same as hereinbefore directed, the Master, Commander or Owner of all and every such Passage Boat, Ship or Vessel, being thereof convicted on the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, to the Satisfaction of the said Corporation, or any Three or more of them, shall pay and forfeit unto the said Corporation, for every such Offence or Neglect, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, One Half thereof to be paid to such Person or Persons as shall give Information of such Offence to the said Corporation, and the other Half of the said Penalty, to be paid to the said Corporation, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act, the same to be recovered by Distress, Seizure and Sale of the said Boat, Ship or Vessel, or by all or any of the other Ways and Means in this Act, or the hereinbefore recited Acts made in the Twenty sixth and Thirty second Years of the Reign of His present Majesty mentioned and provided.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who before the passing of this Act were bound to repair any Part of the Walls of the said River within the Limits aforesaid, shall be and are hereby, from and after the passing of this Act, freed, exonerated and discharged of and from all Obligations which he, she or they, or any of them, was or were under or subject to, of amending or repairing the said Walls, and-of and from all Charges and Expences whatsoever on account thereof, save the Payments and Rates by this Act directed and appointed to be paid as aforesaid.

XXX. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty (second Year of the Reign of His Present Majesty, the said Corporation is empowered to hold certain Sales at the of the

4 City of Dublin, which is now in Ruins Be it therefore further enacted, That all Sales directed by the said Act to be held at the Tholsel of the City of Dublin, may be held at the Royal Exchange in the said City.

XXXI. And Whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty ‘ second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Six Months ’

Notice is necessary previous to the Sale of any of the North Lots

by the said Corporation for Nonpayment of the yearly Sums ‘ therein mentioned: And Whereas such Length of Time has been attended with Inconvenience Be it therefore further enacted* That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be sufficient if the public Notice appointed by the said Act to be given before any such Sale, be given in Manner therein mentioned, Three Months before the Day which shall be therein appointed for such Sale.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Grand Juries

Rules and Regulations for Conduct of Masters and Commanders of Ships and Vessels to made more public.

Damaging the same.

[Penalty.]

How Penalties applied.

Persons liable to repair the Walls hereby directed to be repaired and rebuilt, to be exo^ nerated therefrom.

Corporation Sales to be held! at the Royal Exchange, .

Time for holding certain Sales limited.

Expences of Corporation

502

and of passing Act how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

Persons wilfully damaging the Bridge.

Felony, &c.

[22 G.2. c. 31. 7 G. 3. c. 64.]

C.cxxvii. — cxxxii. 43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

and Corporation respectively shall, by and out of the First Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, pay and reimburse themselves, and also pay and discharge respectively all such Costs, and also all such other Expences as have been incurred by them, or by their Direction, in and about obtaining the said Act, and that the said Corporation and their Secretary respectively, shall and may and he and they is and are hereby required to draw and sign Drafts, as above directed, on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland accordingly.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be a Public Act, and shall be deemed and adjudged, and taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, in all Courts and Places whatsoever, without specially pleading the same.

Cap. cxxviii.

An Act for the Improvement of the Town of, in the

County of Bedford, and for rebuilding the Bridge over the River Ouze, in the said Town.

[27th Jidy 1803.]

Cap. cxxix.

An Act for extending and making the Horse Towing Path or Road on the Banks of the River Severn, from BewcUcy Bridge in the County of Worcester, to the deep Water at Digits, below the City of Worcester.

[27th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxx.

An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from and out of the River Tamar, at or near, to the Town of Tavistock, and also a certain Collateral Cut to lead from the said Canal to Mill Hill, in the County of

Devon* [27th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxxi.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Ravensborne, at or near its Mouth or Outlet into the River Thames, in the County of Kent, and for making and maintaining proper Approaches thereto.

[27th July 1803.]

LXXI. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully and maliciously pull down and destroy, or begin to pull down or destroy the said Bridge, or any Part thereof, or any Toll House, or any Posts, Rails or Fences to be erected by virtue of this Act, every Person so offending, on being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony, and the Court, by and before whom such Person shall be tried, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may, if they think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs, in Cases of petty Larceny.

Cap. cxxxii.

An Act for enlarging (a) and altering the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament, for making a Road from Street, 20 ,

A.D. 1803. 43° GEO. III. C. cxxxii. — cxxxviii.

503

Southwark, to the Places therein mentioned, and from Freeschool 31 c.ioo. Street, Southwark, to Dock Head and Hall Bridge, in c. 25.

Bermondsey, and from the Stones End in Kent Street, Southwark, to Dartford, so far as respects the Road leading from the Stones End in Bermondsey Street, towards Saint Thomas a Waterings; and also for repairing and maintaining a certain Lane, called Long Lane, in the Parish of Bermondsey, in the County of Surrey.

[27th July 1803.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted. — Form of

Memorial of Verdict under 31 G.3. repealed, and new Form appointed.See 55 G. 3. c. lxxvi.]

Cap. cxxxiii.

An Act for repairing, altering and widening (a) the Road from a Lane called Back Lane, in the Parish of Scartho, to Hollowgate Head, in the Parish of Louth, in the County of Lincoln.

[27th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxxiv.

An Act for establishing a Free Market, in the City of London, for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned.

[27th July 1803.]

[Repealed47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c.lxviii. §5.]

Cap. cxxxv.

An Act for vesting the descended Estates of the most Honourable Wills late Marquis of Downshire, and Arthur late Marquis of Downshire, respectively deceased, in Trustees, in Trust, to be disposed of under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery, for Payment of their respective Debts, (q. P.) [27th July 1803.]

Cap. cxxxvi.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for the Purposes of certain Settlements made upon and after the Marriage of the Right Honourable Henry Lord Stawell with Mary Curzon Spinster, now the Right Honourable Mary Lady Stawell, and for other Purposes, (q. P.) [27th 1803.]

[See 42 G. 3. c. liv.]

Cap. cxxxvii.

An Act for vesting certain Freehold and Leasehold Parcels of Land, and Materials of Building, situate in the Town of Liverpool, devised by the Will of the late James France Esquire, with their Appurtenances in certain Trustees upon Trust, to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to like Uses. (q.P.)

[27th 1803.]

Cap. cxxxviii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Batley, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.)

[27th July 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotments in lieu of Tythes great and small.']

504?

C. cxxxix. — cxli.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Setting Fire to or damaging the Works.

Felony, &c.

Cap. cxxxix.

An Act to enlarge the Powers of, and explain and amend an Act made in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for formings pa,

ing, watering and otherwise improving and keeping Repair the Streets, Squares and other public Passages and Places, which and shall be made upon certain Pieces or Plots of Ground in the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the County of Middlesex, belonging to the Right Honourable Ann Dowager Baroness Southampton; and for including therein certain other small Plots of Ground in the said Parish therein described.

[29th July 1803.]

[. Additional Commissioners appointed. Commissioners may

employ Paviours, , fyc. c. who shall not be liable to any Action on Stat. 5 Eliz. c. 4*. on account of their being so employed. Optional Power to Inhabitants in Upper Gower 8$c.

to be included in the Act. 41 3. (.) c. cxxxi.

Amended, 55 G. 3. c. xxv.]

Cap. cxl.

An Act for improving and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol.

[11th August 1803.]

CII. AND be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatever shall wilfully and maliciously set on Fire any of the Works made or to be made by virtue of this Act, or any of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cases aforesaid, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony; and every such Felon shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties as in Cases of Felony without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons shall knowingly, wilfully or maliciously demolish, break down, cut or destroy any of the Works hereby directed to be made, or any Ship, Boat, Barge or Vessel lying in the said Floating Harbour or Canal, then every such Offender or Offenders, being convicted thereof, shall suffer Punishment by Fine, Imprisonment or Transportation, at the Discretion of the Judge or Judge before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

[See 4-6 G.3. cc. xxvi. xxxv. — 47 G. 3. 2. c. xxxiii. — Com-

pany empowered to raise 180,000l. additional, 48 G. 3. c. xi. — 10,000l. additional, 49 G.3. xvii. Amended, and Powers

enlarged, 3 G. 4. c. xxi. — In part repealed, and certain Rates authorized to be levied within the City of Bristol for Improvement of the Harbour, 3 G. 4. c. xxiv.]

Cap. cxli.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster Canal to raise Money to discharge their Debts, and to complete the Canal, and for explaining and amending the Acts for making and maintaining the said Canal, and for granting to the said Company further and other Powers.

[11th August 1803.]

[See 31 G. 3. c. 69. — 36 G. 3. c. 70. — Company empowered to raise 50,000l. by Rates on and further Sum of

10,000l. by Mortgage,

A.D. 1803.

C. cxlii. — cxlvi.

505

43° GEO. III.

Cap. cxlii.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establishing a Theatre, under certain Restrictions, in the City of Glasgow.

[11th August 1803.]

Cap. cxliii.

An Act for altering and enlarging some of the Provisions of an [30 G. 3. c. 7l. Act passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's 35 G. 3. c, 70.] Reign, intituled An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present, intituled

1. An Act for taking down the Church and Tower belonging to the ‘ Parish of Saint John at Hackney, in the County o/ Middlesex;

‘ and for building another Church and Tower for the Use of the ‘ said Parish, and for making an additional Cemetery or Chur eh

‘ Yard; and for raising a further Sum of Money for completing

the said Church and other Works.

[11th August 1803.]

[Trustees empowered to raise a further Sum of 75001. by Annuities secured on Rates under former Act.~\

Cap. cxliv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Beverstone, in the County of Gloucester, (q. P.) [11th August 1803.]

" Allotment to Rector for Glebe. § 7. Situation of Allotment to " the Rector. § 8. Fencing Allotments to Rector. § 9. Tythes " to be valued. § 10, 11. Average Price of Wheat shall be ascertained; and what Quantity will be equal to the Tythes. § 12.

" Rents in Money equal to such Quantities of Wheat to be paid " in lieu of Tythes. Surplice Fees, &c. excepted. To be paid 4< Half yearly. § 13. For reascertaining the Price of Wheat.

" Power to Rector for recovering Rents. Arrears recovered " though Lands in Possession of a New Tenant. § 14. Schedules (< to be made of Allotments, and the Rents issuing out of them (irespectively and of the Rate per Acre, &c. § 16.

Cap. cxlv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor, Rectory, or Rectory Manor and Township of Dewsbury, in the West Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [11th August 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotment of Land in Compensation for Vicarial or Small T

Cap. cxlvi.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the Fields, Liberties and Precincts of Wroxton and Balscot, in the Parish of, in the

County of Oxford, (q. P.) [11th August 1803.]

[Commissioners empowered to make Allotment of Land in Compensation for all Tythes.]

506

C, cxlvii.

43° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

. cxlvii.

4 G.3. c. 40. An Act for repealing so much of an Act, passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to the lighting the Streets and Places within the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York; and for more effectually lighting, watching and otherwise improving the said Borough, and for preventing Nuisances therein.

[12th August 1803.]

End of 43 Geo. III.

THE

STATUTES AT LARGE.

Anno Regni GEORGII III. Britanniarum Regis, Quadragesimo quarto.

AT the Parliament begun and holden at, the

‘ Sixteenth Day of NovemberAnno Domini One thousand

1 eight hundred and two, in the Forty third Year of the

Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace

‘ of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and ',

‘ King, Defender of the Faith; and from thence continued, by ‘ several Prorogations, to the Twenty second Day of November 1 One thousand eight hundred and three; being the Second < Session of the Second Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

CAP. I.

An Act to continue, until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, the Restrictions contained in several Acts made in the Thirty seventh, Thirty eighth, Forty second and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, on Payments of Cash by the Bank of England.

[15th December 1803.]

i(Recital of Acts, 37 G. 3. c. 4?5. and 91.; and also of amend-

" ing Act 38 G. 3. c. 1.: and that the same are continued by 42 u G. 3. c. 40. and continued and amended by 43 G. 3. 18. — The

" several Provisions of the said Acts passed in the Thirty seventh " Year aforesaid, so far as the same are amended by the said Act " passed in the Thirty eighth year aforesaid, and continued and " amended by the said Act of the last Session of Parliament, " further continued until Six Months after the Ratification of a " Definitive Treaty of Peace. § 1. Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 2.

[This Act continued, 54 G. 3. c. 99. — 55 G. 3. c. 28., — 58 G. 3 *

c. 37. and until ls£ May 1823. by 59 G. 3. 49. The Bank

empowered to pay in Coin, 1 & 2 G. 4. c. 26. See as to -land, c. 2l. post.]

CAP. II.

An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, for the present Relief of certain Curates in j England.

[15th December 1803.]

iMost Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the

Commons of Great Britain and , having granted to

Your

508

C. 2, 3.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1803. 43 G.3. c. 84.

8,000l. issued out of British Consolidated Fund to Governors of Queen Anne’s Bounty, for Relief of Curates deprived under recited Act.

Curates to produce a Recommendation from the Bishop.

Account of Application of Money.

43 G.3. c. 122.3

‘ Your Majesty the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, for the present 1 Relief of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on account of the Residence of Incumbents, which may take place ‘ in consequence of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for promoting the Residence of the Parochial Clergy;

‘ do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, by or out of such Monies as shall be and remain in the Receipt of the Exchequer of Great, of

the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all such Sum or Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same, there shall and may be issued, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Eight thousand Pounds, to such Person or Persons as the Governors of the Bounty of Queen, shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied by the said Governors for the Relief of such Curates as may be deprived of their Cures on account of the Residence of Incumbents, which may take place in consequence of the said Act; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the Lord High Treasurer for the time being, are or is hereby authorized and empowered to issue the same accordingly.

II. Provided always, That no Curate shall be entitled to, or receive any Allowance under this Act, who shall not produce to the said Governors a proper Recommendation from the Bishop of the Diocese wherein the Cure for the Deprivation of which he claims Relief, shall be situated; and that no Allowance to be made to any such Curate shall exceed Three fourth Parts of the Income which such Curate shall have derived from his Cure: Provided also, that the said Governors shall, and they are hereby required, on or before the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, to lay or cause to be laid before His Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council an Account of the Application of the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof.

CAP. III.

An Act to regulate the Bonds issued by the East India Company, with respect to the Rate of Interest, and the Duty payable thereon.

[15th December 1803.]

WHEREAS it is just and expedient, that the Mode in

W which the Duty imposed by virtue of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting 1 to His Majesty, until the Sixth Day of May next after the - f cation of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, a Contribution on the

Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices,

in respect of the Interest of the Bonds issued or to be issued by the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the < East Indies, should be assessed and paid, should be regulated as

hereinafter is mentioned; and that the said United Company

A.D. 1803.

44° GEO. III. C. 3.

509

should be enabled to pay and allow for Money raised on their < Bonds, any Interest not exceeding such Rate of Interest as may

be allowed on any Exchequer Bills issued or to be issued at the (same Time, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be it enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, the Duty imposed by the said Act of Parliament, in respect of the Interest paid or payable for Money raised or to be raised on the Bonds of the said United Company, shall be returned, assessed upon and paid, by the Holders or Owners of such Bonds respectively, who shall be liable to make such Returns thereof in such Manner as is directed by the Sixth Case in the Schedule marked (D.) contained in the said Act; and that all the Clauses, Provisions, Directions, Exemptions, Forfeitures and Penalties in the said Act contained, in any way relating to the Duty to be assessed, as in the Sixth Case mentioned in the said Schedule (D.) , shall, from and after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, as far as the same are respectively applicable, be of full Force and Effect with relation to the Duty in respect of the Interest of the Bonds of the said United Company, and shall be applied and put in Execution for the assessing, levying, raising, collecting and paying the same; and the said United Company, and their Officers, shall, from after the said Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, be and are hereby acquitted and discharged from including, in the Return of their Profits under the said Act, the Amount of Interest payable on the said Bonds, and from paying the Duty thereon, and from retaining and deducting the said Duty out of the said Interest; any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said United Company shall be at Libertj ', if their Court of Directors shall see fit, to pay to the Holders and Owners of the Bonds issued by them, the full Amount of the Interest due and to grow due thereon, without making any Deduction of the Duty growing due in respect of such Interest at any Time previous to the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, but in that Case the said United Compan}*- shall account for and pay the Amount of such Duty out of their proper Funds, and they shall be at Liberty to charge the same amongst their ordinary Outgoings; any Thing in the said Act or any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any ways notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said United Company, with the Approbation and Consent of the Board of Commissioners for the Affairs of India for the time being, from time to time, to pay and allow Interest on the Money heretofore raised on the Bonds of the said Company, and which are now outstanding, and also on Money to be raised on any Bonds which the said United Company may lawfully issue, at and after such Rate not

exceeding

The Duty imposed in respect of Interest payable on East India Bonds, to be paid by Holders who shall make Returns as by 43 G. 3. c. 122. § 84.

No Return of such Bonds shall be made by the Company.

The Company may pay the Holders of Bonds their Interest without deducting Duty due previous to April 5, 1804.

East India Company allowed to pay the same Interest on their Bonds as is allowed on Exchequer Bills.

510

C. 3 — 6.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

Or legal Interest.

EXP.

EXP.

exceeding such Rate of Interest as may be allowed on any Exchequer Bills issued or to be issued at the same Time by virtue of any Act? or Acts of Parliament, as the said United Company, with such Consent as aforesaid, shall in their Discretion see fit; and all Bonds and Instruments for securing the Money raised thereon, shall be valid and effectual; and no Person or Persons taking, accepting or receiving such Interest, shall be therefore liable to any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to restrain the said United Company from allowing at any Time legal Interest on such Bonds.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the suspending the Operation of Two Acts of the Fifteenth and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Bills of Exchange under a limited Sum in England and to the prohibiting the Exportation from and permitting the Importation to Great Britain of Corn, and for allowing the Importation of other Articles of Provision without Payment of Duty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five (5); and to the regulating the Trade and Commerce to and from the Isle of,

until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace. (c) [15th 1803.]

(a) [37 G.3. c. 32. Suspending 15 3. 51. and 17 3.

[c. 30.] (b) [39 G.3. c. 87.] (c) [41 G. 3. (c. 103.]

CAP. V.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for discontinuing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain, and for allowing other Drawbacks and

Bounties in lieu thereof.

[15th December 1803.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for suspending, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, the Operation of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament () , to continue and amend Two Acts, made in the Parliament of, for

restraining the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited Sum, within Ireland.

[15th December 1803.]

(a) [43 G.3. c. 87. which, together this Act and c. 91.

post, isrepealed, 45 G. 3. c41.]

A.D. 1803.

44° GEO. III. C. 7 — 10.

511

CAP. VII.

An Act to indemnify such Persons in the United Kingdom as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and for extending the Times limited for those Purposes respectively, until the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and four; and to permit such Persons in Great Britain as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, to make and file the same on or before the First Day of Michaelmas Term One thousand eight hundred and four.

[15th December 1803.]

[See 42 G. 3. c. 23. § 1. to6. and § 11.; and as to Ireland 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 40. to this Act is, mutatis mutandis.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to empower the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of

Ireland, to apprehend and detain such Persons as he or they shall suspect for conspiring against His Person and

Government, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the riext Session of Parliament.

[15th December 1803.]

[43 G. 3. c. 116. recited, and the several Provisions therein re-

enacted, and this Act continued until Six Weeks cfter the Commencement of the then next Session, 45 G. 3. 4. but no

further Continuation appears.']

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue, until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled Act for the Suppression of Rebellion in Ireland, and for the Protection of the Persons and Property of His Majesty's faithfid Subjects, to continue inforce until Six Weeks after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament.

[15th December 1803.]

CAP. X.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts of the Forty first, Forty second, and Forty third Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland.

[15th December 1803.] " 41 G. 3. (U. K.) c. 74. — 42 G. 3. c. 60. — 43 G. 3. c. 17. recited " and continued (except as altered by each other) till March 20, " 1805, for the Port of Dublin, and till March 25, 1805. for other " Ports of Ireland. § 1. (a)

(a) [These Acts together with the present Act continued until 2 5th March 1807, 46 G. 3. c. 14. § 1. but no further Conti-

nuation appears.]

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

43 G.3. c. 117.

EXP.

512

C. 11, 12, 13.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

EXP.

Petty Officers or Seamen taken out of his Majesty's Naval Service for any Civil or Crimi-

1

CAP. XI.

An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of I, to prohibit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland for prohibiting such Distillation.

[15th December 1803.]

[j Repealed except as to Inde, c. 89. § 2. post.']

CAP. XII.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, so much of an Act, made in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign («) , as relates ro the prohibiting the Exportation from Ireland of Corn or Potatoes, or other Provisions; and to the permitting the Importation into Ireland of Corn, Fish and Provisions, without Payment of Duty.

[15th December 1803.] (a) [41 G.3. {U.K 36.]

CAP. XIII.

An Act to prevent the Desertion and Escape of Petty Officers, Seamen and others, from His Majesty's Service, by Means or under Colour of any Civil or Criminal Process.

[15th December 1803.]

WHEREAS many Petty Officers and Seamen belonging to His Majesty's Navy, and divers Persons who have either voluntarily entered into, or been duly impressed to serve in His Majesty's Navy, have of late Years been taken out of His Majesty's Service by Means of Arrests and Detainers, as well both for real and pretended Debts or Causes of Action, as also upon Charges or Accusations for alleged criminal Offences;

and such Petty Officers, Seamen and other Persons as aforesaid,

have been thereupon discharged out of Custody, either by due Course of Law, or by the Consent of the Persons at whose Suit or on whose Complaint they had been so arrested, apprehended or detained, with Intent to enable them, and they have been thereby oftentimes enabled to desert and escape from His Majesty's said Service, to the great Prejudice and Detriment of the said Service; ’ For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Petty Officer or Seaman belonging to His Majesty's Navy, or any Person who shall have voluntarily entered into or been impressed to serve in His Majesty's Navy, shall be arrested, apprehended or taken in Execution by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, or other Officer or Officers,

either

A.D. 1803.

C. 13.

513

44° GpO. III.

either upon or by virtue of any Mesne or other Writ or Process whatsoever, or upon or by virtue of any Warrant for any alleged criminal Offence, and shall be thereby taken from or out of His Majesty's Sea Service, or from or out of any Ship or Vessel appointed for receiving Volunteers and impressed Men to serve in His Majesty's Navy, or from or out of the Custody of any Officer of the Impress or other Officer in His Majesty's Sea Service, with whom any such Person as aforesaid shall have voluntarily agreed to enter into, or by whom any such Person as aforesaid shall have been impressed to serve in, His Majesty's Navy, or who shall have the Custody or Charge of any such Person as aforesaid, the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, who shall have arrested or apprehended any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, or in whose Custody any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, shall happen to be, by way of Detainer upon or by virtue of any such Writ, Process, Warrant, Charge or Accusation, or upon or by virtue of the Judgment or Sentence of any Court, shall not discharge any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, out of his or their Custody, either upon Payment or Satisfaction of the Debt or Debts, Cause or Causes of Action, or for Want of Prosecution for, or upon Acquittal of, the Charge or Accusation, Charges or Accusations, upon which any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, shall be in Custody as aforesaid, or by Consent of the Person or Persons at whose Suit, or on whose Behalf any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, shall have been arrested, apprehended, taken or detained, or upon giving Bail, or any other Security, or upon any Undertaking either to appear to, or to answer or satisfy, any such Debt or Debts, Cause or Causes of Action, Charge or Accusation, Charges or Accusations; or in case of Conviction for any criminal Offence or Offences after the Expiration of any Period or Term for which any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid may have been sentenced to be imprisoned, but shall detain and keep every such Petty Officer, Seaman and other Person as aforesaid, in his or their Custody, and shall thereupon forthwith, and as soon as every such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, would be entitled to be discharged out of Custody, with respect to any such Writ, Process or Warrant, or with respect to any such Debt or Debts, Cause or Causes of Action, Charge or Charges, Accusation or Accusations, Judgment or Sentence, with all convenient Speed, safely and securely conduct and convey, and safely and securely deliver every such Petty Officer, Seaman and other Person as aforesaid, either unto the Commander in Chief of some of His Majesty's Ships, or unto some Commissioned Officer of the Navy being authorized and empowered to raise Seamen for His Majesty's Service, or unto some principal Officer employed in regulating the Service of raising Men for His Majesty's Fleet, whichever shall be at or nearest to the Place where any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid shall then happen to be; in order that every such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid may be detained and kept to serve on board His Majesty's Fleet, as before they were liable to do; and such Commander in Chief, Officer of the Impress, or principal Regulating Geo. III. L1 Officer

nal Matter to be kept in Custody after they are entitled to be discharged from the Writ or Judgment, and conveyed and delivered to some Commander or Commissioned Officer of the Navy to serve on board the Fleet.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1803.

514

Sheriff, &c. to be paid for conducting them 2s. per Mile.

How Transfer of such Petty Officers or Seamen from one Sheriff to another to be certified.

Sheriff, &c. neglecting to convey such Petty Officer or Seaman as herein directed, and detaining them in Custody, liable to Action of Trespass, at their Suit.

C. 13.

Officer as aforesaid, shall thereupon give and deliver to such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, a Certificate, directed to the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy, specifying the Receipt of every such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid as shall be so delivered to him respectively as aforesaid, and the Places from and to which any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid shall have been conducted and conveyed as aforesaid; and the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers who shall have so conducted, conveyed and delivered as aforesaid any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, shall thereupon be entitled to receive of and from the said Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy the Sum of Two Shillings Mile, and no more, for conducting, conveying and delivering as aforesaid, every such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, upon Production to the said Treasurer of the Navy of such Certificate.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, shall be removed from or out of the Custody of any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers by whom any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid shall have been arrested or apprehended as aforesaid, or in whose Custody any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, shall happen to be, into the Custody of any other Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, by virtue of any Writ of Habeas Corpus or otherwise, the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers so having arrested or apprehended such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, or in whose Custody any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid shall happen to be, shall certify in Writing to the Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers into whose Custody such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid shall be so removed, upon the Back of the Writ or other Proceeding by which such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid shall be removed out of the Custody of such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers as aforesaid, that such Person so removed as aforesaid is a Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, as the Case may be, and liable to be kept and detained for His Majesty's Service; and so toties quoties as often as any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid shall be removed from the Custody of One such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, to the Custody of any other Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall neglect or refuse to conduct and convey, for the Purpose aforesaid, any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid to any Distance not exceeding Eighty Miles for the Space of Two Days, or to any Distance not exceeding One hundred and twenty Miles for the Space of Three Days, and so to any other greater Distance at the Rate of Forty Miles per Day, after the Time that any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as

9 aforesaid,

A.D. 1803.

44° GEO. III. C. 13.

515

aforesaid, ought to be conducted and conveyed as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, according to the Directions of this Act, but shall wilfully or negligently detain and keep any such Petty Officer,

Seaman or other Person as aforesaid in his or their Custody for any Space of Time over and above the several Spaces of Time hereinbefore in that Behalf specified, without conducting and conveying him as aforesaid, for the Purpose aforesaid, then all and every such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall be subject and liable to be impleaded in an Action of Trespass upon the Case, at the Suit of every such Petty Officer,

Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, who shall be so detained as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Sheriff or Sheriff, &c. suf-

Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall not such

safely and securely conduct and convey, and safely and securely ^etty Officer or deliver, any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, escape1*to either unto such Commander in Chief, Officer of the Impress, or

principal Regulating Officer as aforesaid, which ever shall be at or nearest to the Place where such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, shall then happen to be, but shall either wilfully or negligently permit or suffer any such Petty Officer, Seaman or other Person as aforesaid, to escape and go at large, all and ever such Sheriff or Sheriffs, Gaoler or Gaolers, or other Officer or Officers, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to be sued for and recovered in any of His Penalty lool. Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for Offences committed in England, in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh

for Offences committed in Scotland, and in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin for Offences committed in Ireland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign,

Protection or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; One Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to His How disposed Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof 0£ to him or them who shall sue for the same, together with full Costs of Suit.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Limitation of be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Actions *

Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County or

Place where the Cause of Complaint did arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special General Issue. Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for Treble Costs, the same as any Defendant hath in any other case to recover Costs by Law.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act maybe altered, Act may be al-

L 1 2 varied

516

516 tered &c. tins Session. C. 13 — 19. 44*° GEO. III. A.D. 1803. varied or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

EXP. CAP. XIV. An Act to amend Two Acts passed in the Forty first and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty permitting Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused in the United Kingdom; and to allow Spanish Wine to be so landed and warehoused.

[15th December 1803.] (a) [41 G. 3. (U. K.) 51. 43 G. 3. c. 103.] <(Time for landing Wine under 43 G. 3. 103. § 3. extended to " July 5, 1805. — § 2.

[No further Continuation appears.'] CAP. XV. An Act for raising the Sum of Five Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain., for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[15th December 1803.]

EXP. CAP. XVI. An Act for continuing and granting () to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, in Great, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[15th December 1803.] (a) [Until 24 th June 1805. See as to Ireland cap. 28

EXP. CAP. XVII. An Act for continuing and granting (a) to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions, Offices and Personal Estates, in England; and certain Duties on Sugar, Malt, Tobacco and Snuffy in Grt'eat Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[15th December 1803.] (a)[Until 25th March 1805.] CAP. XVIII. An Act to explain and amend Two Acts, passed in the Forty second and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps in Great Britain.

[20th December 1803.] [Repealed, c. 54. § 1.]

EXP. CAP. XIX. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

[9th March 1804.]

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 20, 21.

517

CAP. XX.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while on Shore.

[9th March 1804.]

CAP. XXI.

An Act to continue, until Three Months after any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England from issuing Cash in Payments shall cease, an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for confirming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments in Cash by the Bank of Ireland () , and also an Act made in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for amending the said Act. (5) [9th March 1804.]

(a) [37 G.3. (/.) c. 51.] ([43 G. 3. c. 44.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for confirming and for a

limited Time, the Restrictions contained in the Minute of Council of the Second Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety seven, on Payments in Cash by the it is amongst

other Things enacted, that it shall not be lawful for the Go-< vernor and Company of the Bank of Ireland to issue any Cash in Payment of any Debt or Demand whatsover, except according to the Provisions therein contained; and that the Said Act shall be in force and have Continuance until Three Months after the Restriction imposed by an Act of the Parliament of Great tain on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,

from issuing Cash in Payment, shall cease, unless the Lord Lieutenant and Privy Council of Ireland should, by an Order of Council, direct that the said Restriction on the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland should sooner cease: And 4 Whereas by an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to amend and continue Three Months after

any Restriction imposed by any Act of the present Session of Parliament on the Bank of England, from Cash

shall cease) , an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for firming and continuing the Restrictions on Payments Cash by the Bank of Ireland, the said recited Act of the Parliament of Ireland was amended and further continued: And Whereas it is expedient to continue for a further Time the said recited Acts May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts shall have Continuance until Three Months after any Restriction imposed or to be imposed by any Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, made or to be made in this Session of Parliament, on the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, from issuing Cash in Payments, shall cease, unless the

L 1 3 Lord

EXP.

Irish Act, 37 G.3.

43 G.3. c. 44.

Recited Acts to have Continuance till Three Months after the Restriction imposed on, the

518

C. 21 — ‘26.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

Bank of Eng- Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors and the

land shall cease, privy Council of Ireland shall, by-an Order of Council, direct that

c’ the said Restriction on the Governor and_Company of the Bank of

Ireland shall sooner cease.

Act may be al-

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be repealed,

tered &c. this altered or varied, during the present Session of Parliament.

Session. r

[This Act continued, 54 G. 3. c. 130. — 3. 41. and

Is/ June 1823. — 59 G. 3. c. 99. § 1. — The Bank empowered to pay in Coin, 1 Sf2 G.4. c. 27.

CAP. XXII.

An Act to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution an Order of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn to Portugal from Great Britain.

[9th March 1804.]

CAP. XXIII.

EXP. An Act for allowing Vessels employed in the Greenland Whale Fishery, and clearing out from any Port in Great Britain, to complete their full Number of Men at certain Ports for the present Season.

[9th March 1804.]

[See 46 G. 3. c. 9. — Th Act amended and continued December 31, 1823. — 1 G.4. c. 33.]

CAP. XXIV.

EXP. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and six, an Act made in the Thirty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland.

[9th March 1804.]

[33 G. 3. 74.]

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Inheritance, in Fee Simple, of certain Manors, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Byfleet, , Walton, Walton Leigh and, in the county of ,

to His Royal Highness Frederick Duke of Yot/c and Albany, for a valuable Consideration.

[9th March 1804.]

[See 54 G. 3. c. 70. § 7.]

CAP. XXVI.

EXP. An Act for charging, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Bounties and Drawbacks upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize, imported into and exported from Ireland; and also for charging certain Inland

Duties

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 26 — 31.

Duties of Excise and Taxes in Ireland in lieu of former Rates, Duties and Taxes, Bounties and Drawbacks.

[23d March 1804.]

[Expired as to Duties, Drawbacks, Bounties and see 45 G. 3. c. 18. Expired as to Inland Duties of Excise Ireland, see45 G.3. c. 19. § 1.]

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for charging, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain increased Countervailing Duties on the Importation into, of

the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize therein mentioned, being the Growth, Produce or Manufacture of Great Britain; and for allowing increased Drawbacks on the Exportation, to Great Britain of the several Articles therein mentioned, being the Manufacture of

[23d March 1804.]

[See ^5 G.3. c. 18.],

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[23d March 1804.]

CAP. XXIX.

An Act for permitting, until the Fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, the Importation of Hides,

Calve Skins, Horns, Tallow and Wool, (except Cotton Wool) , in Foreign Ships, on Payment of the like Duties as if imported in British or Irish Ships.

[23d March 1804.]

[Continued, 45 G. 3. c. 80. and until Three Months after the

Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, 48 G. 3. c. 24. — but no further Continuation appear s.~\

CAP. XXX.

An Act to revive and continue, until Eight Months after the EXP. Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for repealing several Acts relating to the Admission of certain Articles of Merchandize in Neutral Ships, and to the issuing Orders in Council for that Purpose, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof; and also to indemnify all Persons who have been concerned in issuing or carrying into Execution Orders of Council for permitting the Importation of certain Goods from America in Neutral Ships.

[23d 1804.]

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for raising the further Sum of Two Millions by EXP. Loans or Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or

L 1 4 Supplies

519

EXP.

EXP-

EXP.

520

C. 31 — 35.

44° GEO. III.

A.D. 1804.

Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Brita, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[23d March 1804.]

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for empowering His Majesty, for a Time and to an Extent therein limited, to accept the Services of such Parts of His Militia Forces in Ireland as may voluntarily offer themselves to be employed in Great Britain, [3d May 1804.]

[Continued, 46 G. 3. c. 31. and further continued during the,

47 G, 3. Sess. 1. c. 6. but no further Continuation .]

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for empowering His Majesty to direct the Augmentation of His Militia Forces in, to an Extent therein

limited.

[3d 1804.]

[During the present War.]

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making Provision for the Wives and Families of Militia Men of Ireland.

[3d May 1804.]

[Repealed, 49 G. 3. 86.]

CAP. XXXV.

EXP. An Act to amend and continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Importation of Rape Seed and other Seeds used for extracting Oil, whenever the Prices of Middling British Rape Seed shall be above a certain Limit; to the allowing the Importation of Seal Skins cured with Foreign Salt, free of Duty, to the Twenty fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to the Encouragement of the Greenlatid Whale Fisheries, to the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and six; and to continue several Laws relating to the allowing the Use of Salt, Duty free, in the preserving of Fish in Bulk or in Barrels; and to the discontinuing the Bounty payable on White Herrings exported, to the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine; to the permitting Sir William B, George Bishop and Argles Bishop, to carry on the Manufacture of Maidstone Geneva, to the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine; and to the Admission to Entry of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland^ taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the said Island, to the Twenty fifth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and five.

[3d May 1804.]

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 36 — 41.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and seven, so much of an Act, made in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty («) , as relates to allowing j Plantation Sugar

to be warehoused.

[3d 1804.]

(a) [41 G.3. (.) c. 44.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices, as requires Attornies, Agents and Factors, to retain and pay the Duties chargeable upon publick Annuities; and to extend the Times for hearing Appeals on Assessments or Surcharges made in pursuance of the said Act.

[3d May 1804.]

CAP. XXXVIII.

An Act for encreasing the Rates of Subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers and others on quartering Soldiers.

[3d May 1804.]

[Until March 25, 1805.]

CAP. XXXIX.

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia in Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[3d May 1804.]

CAP. XL.

An Act to revive and further continue, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, and amend so much of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty («) , as grants certain Allowances to Adjutants and Serjeant Majors of the Militia of England, disembodied under an Act of the same Session of Parliament.

[3d May 1804.]

(a) [39 & 40 G.3. c. 44.

CAP. XLI.

An Act for defraying, until the Twenty fifth Day March One thousand eight hundred and five, the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia of Ireland; for holding Courts Martial on Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals and Drummers, for Offences committed during the Time such Militia shall not be embodied; and for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the said Militia during Peace.

[3d 1804.]

521

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

522

C. 42.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

42 G.3. c. 7 5. § 3.

Importer of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to give Notice to Officers of landing Seed, &c.

Neglect.

[Penalty.]

42 G. 3.C. 75.

§8.

CAP. XLII.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, to amend the Laws for the better Regulation of the Linen Manufacture in Ireland,

[3d 1804.]

4 'W1 WHEREAS it is expedient to amend and to provide for the

due Execution of an Act, made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act amend

the Laics for the better Regulation of the Linen Manifacture

4 Ireland: And Whereas it is in and by the said Act, among other Things, enacted, That all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed which shall be imported into Ireland, shall be detained in His Majesty’s

Stores at the Place of Import, or in such other Stores as shall be provided for that Purpose, as in the said Act is mentioned, there to remain until it shall be examined and inspected by an Officer,

appointed in Manner as in the said Act is mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, whenever any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be imported into Ireland, the Importer thereof, or his Agent, shall, within

Twenty four Hours after the landing of the same at the Port of Importation, give Notice in Writing to the Officer appointed at the said Port under the said recited Act, for the Inspection of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported there, of the landing of such Seed, and of the Place where such Seed shall be landed, or shall remain or be deposited; and all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall remain in the Place which shall be mentioned in such Notice, until the same shall be examined and inspected by such Officer in Manner directed by the said recited Act; and if any such Importer, or his Agent, shall neglect to give such Notice, or shall give any false or untrue Notice, or shall remove such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed from the Place mentioned in such Notice, or from the Place where such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall have been actually landed, or shall have been stored pursuant to the said recited Act, before such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be duly examined and inspected in Maimer required by the said recited Act, then and in either of such Cases, every such Importer or his Agent, shall for every.such Offence forfeit all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, or the Price thereof, if sold, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings Irish Currency for every Hogshead, Cask or other Package thereof, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Hogshead, to any Person who shall sue for the same.

II. And Whereas it is in and by the said recited Act provided,

that such Brands or Marks as shall be put on any Cask or Pack-

age pursuant to the said Act, shall be of force only till the First <- Day of July in each Year wherein the same shall have been made,

so as to allow the Seed therein contained to be sold or exposed to Sale; and that for the Purpose of the Re-examination of such

Seed, and of again marking or branding such Casks or Packages,

the Importers of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, and also Persons sell-

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 42.

523

« ing or dealing in Flax Seed or Flemp Seed, or who shall mean to sell or deal therein, shall give Notice in Writing to the nearest Inspector of the Quantity of Seed in the Possession of such Persons in Manner and at the Times in the said Act particularly mentioned and directed Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Importer of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or any Person selling or dealing in Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or who shall mean to sell or deal therein, shall omit or neglect to give such Notice as by the said Act is required to be given by him for the Purposes aforesaid, at the Times and in Manner as in and by the said recited Act is mentioned and directed, every such Importer or other Person shall forfeit all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, of which such Notice shall not have been given as aforesaid, together with the Casks or Packages containing the same, or the Price thereof, if sold, and also the Sum of Ten Pounds Ten Shillings Irish Currency, for every Hogshead, Cask or other Package thereof, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Hogshead, to any Person whn shall sue for the same.

III. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as any Dealer hi or Seller of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall have emptied any Hogshead, Cask or other Package, branded or marked with the Word Sound, in pursuance of the Directions in the said recited Act contained, and shall have sold thereout all the Seed contained in the same at the Time such Cask or Package was so branded or marked, every such Dealer in or Seller of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall forthwith completely obliterate, erase, expunge or destroy the said Brand or Mark, and take off and remove the same from such Hogshead, Cask or Package; and if any such Dealer in or Seller of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall omit or neglect so to do, it shall and may be lawful for any Inspector of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to seize every such Hogshead, Cask or Package, found in the Possesion of such Dealer in or Seller of Flax or Hemp Seed; and every such Dealer or Seller shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose a Sum not more than Forty Shillings nor less than Ten Shillings for every such empty Hogshead, Cask or other Package found in his Possession, from which the said Brand or Mark shall not have been so obliterated, erased, expunged, destroyed or taken off or removed, to any Person who shall sue for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Flax Seed and Hemp Seed shall be imported into belaud in Hogsheads, Casks or other Packages, and that all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed imported shall be inspected or examined, and the Hogsheads, Casks or Packages in which the same are contained shall be branded or marked, and that all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed unfit for sowung niay be exported in Manner directed by the said recited Act: Provided always, that in case the Importer or Owner of any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed so imported, and which shall be seized or detained under or by virtue of the said recited Act for being bad, mixed or damnified, or unfit for sowings shall give Notice in Writing to the Officers seizing or detaining the same, that he intends to crush the same into Oil, or to sell the same for being crushed into Oil, and shall by himself, in case he shall be a Manufacturer of Linseed Oil, or together with such Manufacturer of Linseed Oil to whom he shall agree to sell the same, for that Purpose enter into Security, within the Time

and

Not giving Notice required by 42 G. 3. c. 75.

§ 8. of Seed in Possession of Dealers after 1st July.

[Penalty.]

Persons selling Seed to take Brands off empty Casks.

[Penalty.]

Seed imported in Hogsheads, &c.

Damaged Seed may be delivered for crushing into Oil, on Security, without being detained till 1st July.

524 C. 42. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Inspector may enter Premises to examine Seed, and may seize it, if found contrary to Law.

Concealing Seed, or refusing Admission to Inspector.

First Offence. Penalty.

and in Manner required by the said recited Act, that all such Seed shall be actually crushed into Oil, the Hogsheads, Casks or Packages, in which any such Seed shall be contained, shall by the said Officer be branded with the Word; and all such

Seed shall and may be forthwith delivered, notwithstanding such Seizure or Detainer, to the Importer or Owner thereof, or to such Manufacturer of Linseed Oil, on his producing to the proper Officer of the Revenue a Certificate from the Person or Persons who shall have taken such Security, that the same has been duly given as required by Law, and it shall not be necessary to keep or detain such Seed in His Majesty's Stores until the First Day of July then following; any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Inspector General of Flax Seed and Hemp Seed

in, duly appointed under

and by virtue of the said recited Act, and for any Inspector of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed at any Port or Place in, duly

appointed in Manner aforesaid, within the Port or District- for which he shall be appointed Inspector, at any Time of the Day between Sunrise and Sunset, to enter into all Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouses or other Places of or belonging to any Person or Persons dealing in Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or having Flax Seed or Hemp Seed in his or their Custody or Possession, or of or belonging to any Person or Persons keeping a Mill or Mills for crushing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed into Oil, and to view, search and examine the Quantity and Quality of all such Seed which shall be found in any such Store, Warehouse, Mill, Room, Building, Outhouse or other Place, and to seize and take away all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed as shall be there found, kept or concealed, contrary to Law, or as shall or may be liable to Forfeiture under and by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, together with the Hogsheads, Casks or Packages in which such Seed shall be contained.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Seller of or Dealer in Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, or any Person or Persons keeping a Mill or Mills for crushing Flax Seed or Hemp Seed into Oil, or any other Person or Persons whosoever having any Flax Seed or Hemp Seed in his, her or their Custody or Possession, shall refuse or neglect to produce or shew all such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed, together with the Hogsheads, Casks or Packages in which the same are contained, and also all empty Hogsheads, Casks or Packages in the Custody or Possession of such Seller, Dealer or other Person, to such Inspector General, or to any other Inspector of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed within the Port or District for which he shall be appointed Inspector, upon Demand made by such Inspector General or Inspector respectively, or shall refuse to permit such Inspector General or Inspector respectively to enter into and search, at any Hour between Sunrise and Sunset, all Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouses or other Places where any such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed shall be, or in which such Inspector shall suspect any such Flax Seed or Hemp Seed to be or to be concealed, every such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings,

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 42, 43. 525

and for the Second and every other Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, nor less than Forty Shillings, for each and every Hogshead, Cask or other Package of Flax Seed or Hemp Seed in the Custody or Possession of such Person, upon Conviction before any Justice of the Peace, the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods; and in case no sufficient Distress can be found, then it shall and may be lawful for such Justice to commit such Offender to the House of Correction or next Gaol, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month in the Whole, or until such Fine be paid.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on every such Refusal, or on Application made by such Inspector General, or other Inspector within the Port or District for which he shall be appointed, to any Justice of the Peace, setting forth, on Oath, a reasonable Cause of Suspicion, or for such his Application, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace to grant his Search Warrant to such Inspector General or Inspector respectively, in the Presence of a Constable, or other Person to be appointed by such Magistrate, to enter into all such Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouse^ or other Places, and there to search for and seize all Flax Seed or Hemp Seed which shall or may be kept or concealed in such Stores, Warehouses, Mills, Rooms, Buildings, Outhouses or other Places, contrary to Law, which shall or may be liable to Forfeiture under and by virtue of any of the Provisions in the said recited Act or this Act contained.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Flax Seed or Hemp

Seed which shall or may be seized by any such Inspector General or Inspector respectively, under or by virtue of this Act, shall be forfeited to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland, and the Produce thereof shall be applied by them in

rewarding such Inspector, or for otherwise promoting the Linen Manufactures, as they shall think proper.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and For* feitures imposed by this Act shall and may be sued for and recovered in such Manner as any other Penalties respecting the Linen and Hempen Manufactures may be sued for and recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers and Provisions in the said recited Act of the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty mentioned and contained, shall be applied in Execution of this Act, so far as the same are consistent with and applicable thereto, as if such Powers and Provisions had been re-enacted and repeated in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act may be amended,

altered or repealed by any Act to be passed in this present Session of Parliament.

[See cap. 69.

Second Offence.

Distress.

Justices may grant Search Warrants.

Seizures forfeited to Trustees of Linen Manufactures.

Recovery of Penalties.

Extending Powers of 42 G.3. c 75. to this Act.

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

CAP. XLIII.

An Act to enforce the due Observance of the Canons and Rubrick respecting the Ages of Persons to be admitted into the sacred Orders of Deacon and Priest.

[3d May 1804.]

WHEREAS by the Canons of the Churches heretofore of England and Ireland, now the United Church of and Ireland, it is ordained, ordered and directed, that no Bishop

‘ shall

526

C. 43, 44.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Admission of Deacon before 23, or Priest before 24, void j and Person admitted not thereby capable of holding a Benefice.

Title by Lapse' shall not accrue without Notice.

Saving of Bight of granting Faculties.

4SG.3. c

i shall admit any Person into the sacred Order of a Deacon who is not Twenty three Years old, nor to be a Priest except he be Twenty four Years compleat: And Whereas by the Prefaces to the Forms of Ordination of Priests and Deacons, established and used by Authority of several Acts of the Parliaments of England and Ireland respectively, it is directed that none shall be admitted Deacon except he be Twenty three Years of Age, unless he have a Faculty, and that every Man which is to be admitted 4 a Priest shall be full Twenty four Years old: And Whereas, in that Part of the United Kingdom called, the aforesaid Rule

respecting the Ages of Persons desiring to be admitted into Holy Orders has been sometimes disregarded and rendered of no Effect, 4 to the great Scandal and Detriment of the Church, and to the Prejudice of Religion: For the better Prevention whereof for the future, and also in order that One certain and undoubted Rule and Course of Practice may hereafter prevail and be observed in this Respect in England and Ireland Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act no Person shall be admitted a Deacon before he shall have attained the Age of Three and twenty Years compleat, and that no Person shall be admitted a Priest before he shall have attained the Age of Four and twenty Years compleat: And in case any Person shall, from and

after the passing of this Act, be* admitted a Deacon before he shall have attained the Age of Three and twenty Years compleat, or be admitted a Priest before he shall have attained the Age of Four and Twenty Years compleat, that then and in every such Case the Admission of every such Person, as Deacon or Priest respectively, shall be merely void in Law as if such Admission had not been made, and the Person so admitted shall be wholly incapable of having, holding or enjoying, or being admitted to any Parsonage, Vicarage, Benefice or other Ecclesiastical Promotion or Dignity whatsoever, in virtue of such his Admission as Deacon or Priest respectively, or of any Qualification derived or supposed to be derived therefrom: Provided always, that no Title to confer or

present by Lapse shall accrue by any Avoidance or Deprivation, ipso facto, by virtue of this Statute, but after Six Months Notice of such Avoidance or Deprivation given by the Ordinary to the Patron.

II. And be it further enacted ', That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away any Right of granting Faculties heretofore lawfully exercised, and Which now be lawfully exercised by the Archbishop of Canterbury or the Archbishop of Armagh.

CAP. XLIV.

An Act to exempt Vessels in the Newfoundland Trade from the Provisions of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for regulating Vessels carrying Passengers from the United Kingdom.

[3d May 180L]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Regulations contained

in an Act passed in the Forty third Year of His present

Majesty’s

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 44 — 49.

527

Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for regulating the Vessels ‘ ing Passengers from the United Kingdom to His Majesty's

i tions and Settlements abroad, or to Foreign, respect to

‘the Number of such Passengers, should not be applied to Vessels going to or returning from Newfoundland and the Coast of brador, having Persons on board concerned in the Trade and

Fishery thereof; and it might be very prejudicial to the said

Fishery and Trade, if the Provisions of the said Act should be ‘ enforced with regard to such Vessels May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That nothing in the said Act shall be deemed and taken to apply to any Ships or Vessels, for which a Clearance shall be demanded out of any Port or Place of the United Kingdom, carrying Passengers to the Island of News, or to the Coast of

Labrador, or to the Banks of News, to be employed in the Trade or Fishery thereof, or returning from the said Island of Newfoundland, the Coast of La, or the Banks of found and, with Passengers who have been so employed; any Thing in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[See56 G.3. c. 83.]

CAP. XLV.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight Millions by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[3d May 1804.]

CAP. XLVI.

An Act for raising the Sum of One million five hundred thousand Pounds, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[3d May 1804.]

CAP. XLVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Fourteen Millions five hundred thousand Pounds by Way of Annuities.

[16*th May 1804.]

CAP. XLVIII.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Way of Annuities or Debentures, for the Service of Ireland.

[16th 1804.]

CAP. XLIX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties of Excise on Wine imported into Great Britain.

[16th May 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of the United Kingdom of and

Proviso for Vessels carrying Passengers to or from Fishery at Newfoundland, & c.

EXP.

EXP.

528

C. 49.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Additional Duties, and also the Drawbacks mentioned in the Schedule annexed, shall be paid and allowed.

Duties to be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise.

Duties and Drawbacks under this Act to be levied and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks.

‘ Ireland, in Parliament assembled, towards raising the Supplies

4 to defray the Expences of the just and necessary War in which Your Majesty is engaged, have freely and voluntarily resolved to give and grant unto Your Majesty the several additional Duties of Excise herein respectively mentionedAnd do therefore most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize mentioned and described in the Schedule hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and additional Duties of Excise as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule, over and above all other Duties of Excise now payable to His Majesty; and that there shall be made, allowed and paid for or in respect of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, for or in respect whereof any Duty of Excise is by this Act imposed, to the several Persons entitled to the same, the several Drawbacks of Excise as the same are also respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed; and the same shall commence and take effect from the respective Days mentioned in the said Schedule.

II. And be it further enacted, That such of the Duties, by this Act imposed, as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called

England, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in England, for the time being; and such thereof as shall arise in that Part of Great Britain called, shall be under

the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, as the Duties of Excise, and the Drawbacks set forth in the said Schedule, upon the several Goods, Wares and Merchandize, mentioned therein, shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods by which the former Duties and Drawbacks of Excise respectively upon Goods, Wares and Merchandize of the same Sorts or Kinds respectively were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and the Goods, Wares and Merchandize so by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of or chargeable with Duties of Excise, or so entitled to Drawbacks of Excise, as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule hereunto annexed, shall be, and the same are hereby made subject to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules, Restrictions and Forfeitures to which Goods, Wares and Merchandize were generally

or specially subject or liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force immediately before the passing of this Act respecting the Duties of Excise; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture of any Nature or Kind whatever, for any Offence whatever committed against or in Breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament

A.D. 1804.

iia GEO. III. C. 49. 52i>

in force immediately before the passing of this Act, made for securing the Revenue of Excise, or for the Regulation or Improvement thereof, and the several Clauses, Powers and Directions therein contained, shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to and shall be respectively applied, practised and put in Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties and Drawbacks of Excise hereby charged and allowed, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if all and every the said Acts, Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act *

IV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Duties Duties and are imposed, or Drawbacks allowed by this Act, on any specific Drawbacks to Quantity of Goods, Wares and Merchandize, the same shall, in be proportion-every Case, be understood, deemed and taken to apply in the same atetot!ie actual Proportion, and after the same Rate, to any greater or less Quan- '*uantity* tity than such specific Quantity.

V. And be it further enacted, That, in estimating the additional How additional

Duties hereby imposed on Wine, as being found upon the First Duties on Wine actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise, after the Thirtieth in Stock shall Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, in the Stock, ^nd how^afd Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or p

Sellers of Foreign Wine in Bottles, Five reputed Quart Bottles

shall be reckoned to the Gallon, and Two hundred and fifty two of such Gallons to the Tun; and the said additional Duties payable on Wine, as being in the Stock, Custody or Possession of such Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine as aforesaid, shall be paid by such Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, in Manner following; (that is to say) , One third Part thereof on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five,

One other third Part thereof on the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five, and the remaining third Part thereof on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and six *

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Act not to

this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with charge with any Duty, by virtue of this Act, any Wine in the Put7 )Vine, in. Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller additional%Dmy or Sellers of Foreign Wine, for which the additional Duty by this shall have been Act imposed shall have been paid on Importation thereof, nor any paid on Import-Wine in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers ation, nor any in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine, unless such Dealer or Stock founcl on Dealers, or Seller or Sellers, shall have in his, her or their Stock, an°ertaia

Custody or Possession, on such actual Survey as aforesaid, after Quantity.

the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and four, a Quantity or Quantities of Wine exceeding Two hundred and fifty two Gallons, reckoning Five reputed Quart Bottles to a Gallon, for all such Wine as shall be in Bottles.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Wine taken and con- Prize Wine sold demned as Prize, and sold by the Captors or their Agents, and and taken out of taken out of any Warehouse wherein the same shall be or shall Warehouses for have been secured for Consumption in this Kingdom, shall be sub- SUmption°subject and liable to the additional Duties respectively by this Act ject to additional imposed for or in respect of Wine imported; and such additional Duties.

44- Geo. III. Mm Duties

530

C. 49.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Duties shall be paid and payable by such Persons, and in such Manner, as the Duties on such Wines are now payable.

A Drawback of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That for any Sort of Wines the Duties shall shipped under the Rules, Regulations and Restrictions prescribed be allowed on by Law for the Use of Admirals, Captains or other Commissioned for Navaf offi- Officers employed in His Majesty's Service, for their actual Coneys sumption on board such of His Majesty's Ships as they shall re-

spectively serve in, a Drawback shall be allowed and paid of the whole Duties by this Act imposed.

IX. And Whereas Contracts or Agreements may have been '

1 made for the Sale or Delivery of Wine on which additional Duties

of Excise are or may be granted by this Act, which Contracts or

Agreements have no Reference to such additional Duties, and ‘ thereby the several Contractors may be materially affected For

The Amount of Remedy thereof be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall or may have made or entered into any such Contracts or Agreements, shall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered, in the case of any such Contracts or Agreements, to add so much Money as will be equivalent to the said additional Duties respectively to the Price of such Wine, and shall be entitled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall molest, disturb, hinder, oppose or impede any Officer or Officers of Excise in the due Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or any or either of them, every Person so offending shall forfeit and lose the Sum of Two hundred Pounds.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; and that One Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall be to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall inform, discover or sue for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the said Duties (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting

Exchequer, and for the same excepted) shall from time to time be paid into the kept separate, Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer at Westminster, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues; and that there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, a Book or Books, in which all the Monies arising from the said respective Duties, and paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, shall be entered separate and apart from all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatever; and the said Monies so paid into the said Receipt shall, from time to time, as the same shall be paid into the said Receipt, be issued and applied to such Services as shall then have been voted by the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present

Session

the additional Duties may be added to Wine contracted for.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty 2001.

Recovery and Application of Penalties.

Duties to be paid, into the

and applied as voted by the Commons.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 49.

531

Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, or shall be voted by the said Commons for the Service of any subsequent Year; and the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, now or for the time being, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, are and is hereby authorized and empowered to issue and apply the same accordingly.

XIII. And be it enacted, That this Act, or any of the Provisions thereof, may be altered, varied or repealed by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue in

force until Twelve Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace.

[See 43 G. 3. c. 81.]

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

WINE.

For every Tun of French Wine imported into Great Britain, for which all the Duties herein specified, and all other Duties thereon, that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not have been paid before the 30th Day of April 1804, or which, on the 30th Day of 1804, shall be

remaining in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault or Cellar, under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs or Excise.

For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) imported into Great, for which all

the Duties herein specified, and all other Duties thereon, that shall have been charged, or shall be chargeable thereon, shall not be paid before the 30th Day of April 1804, or which, on the 30th Day of April 1804, shall be remaining in any Warehouse, Storehouse, Vault or Cellar, under the Locks of the Officers of the Customs of Excise, or in any Warehouse in which the same shall have been or shall be lodged or deposited under and by virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to permit Portugal Wine to be landed and warehoused without Payment of Duties under certain restrictions for a limited Time. -

For every Tun of French Wine which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 30th Da}' of April 1804, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine. For every Tun of all other Wines (not being French Wines) which shall have been found on the first actual Survey by the proper Officer of Excise after the 30th Day of April 1804, in the Stock, Custody or Possession of any Dealer or Dealers in, or Seller or Sellers of Foreign Wine

Duty.

£ s. d.

11 18 6

7 19 0

11 18 6

7 19 0

Act may be altered, &c. this Session.

[Continuance of Act.]

532

C. 49 — 52.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

DRAWBACK.

For every Tun of Foreign Wine, which shall be exported to Foreign Parts, by Way of Merchandize, from or out of the entered Stock of any Dealer or Dealers, or Seller or Sellers of such Wine, the Whole of the Duties by this Act imposed respectively.

[Made perpetual, 45 G. 3. 45. See as to Duties, 53 G.3. c. 34. Sched. A. which is Part, 54 G. 3. c. 121.]

§ 1. And as to Drawbacks, 53 G. 3. c. 34. Sched. C.; which see 54 G. 3. c. 40.

CAP. L.

EXP. An Act to revive and continue, until the Ratification of a Dfienitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (a) for providing for the more speedy Completion of the Establishment of Officers in the Militia of Great Britain; and for facilitating the filling up Vacancies therein.

[16th May 1804.]

(a) [43 G. 3. c. 38.

CAP. LI.

An Act for making Allowances in certain Cases to Subaltern Officers of the Militia in Great, while disembodied.

[16th 1804.]

[Until25th March 1805.]

CAP. LII.

An Act to alter and amend so much of an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty.

[16th May 1804.]

34G.s. c. 74.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty fourth Year of

§ 3, 4. repealed. < His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for varying some of the Provisions in Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, respecting the public Highways within that Part of Great Britain called England, which relate to the Performance of Statute Duty, it is amongst other Things enacted, That any Person or Persons liable to perform Statute Duty may compound for the same, by paying to the Surveyor of the Highways such certain Sums of Money as the Justices at a 4 Special Session of the Peace shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding the Sums therein mentioned: And 4 Whereas it is expedient that the Sums so to be paid by Persons desirous of compounding for Statute Duty should be increased in the Proportions hereinafter mentioned; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act,

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 52, 53. 533

so much of the said Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as relates to the Amount of the Sums to be paid by Persons desirous of compounding for the Performance of Statute Duty, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons liable to perform Statute Duty, by sending One or more Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Plough or Ploughs, with Men, Horses or Oxen, in Manner in the said recited Act of the Thirty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign mentioned, shall and may compound for th£ same, if he, she or they shall think fit, by paying to the Surveyor of the Highways, at the Time and in the Manner in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign mentioned, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Justices of the Peace for the Limits wherein the Parish, Township or Place, for which the said Duty is liable to be performed, is situate, or the major Part of them, at their Special Session to be held in the First Week after Michaelmas Quarter Session in every Year, shall adjudge and declare to be reasonable, not exceeding Twelve Shillings nor less than Three Shillings for each Team, Draught or Plough, for each Day; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the Sum of Six Shillings, for and in lieu of every Day’s Duty for each Team, Draught or Plough; and for each Cart with Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, not exceeding Eight Shillings nor less than Three Shillings; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the Sum of Four Shillings; and for each Cart with One Horse or Beast of Draught, not exceeding Six Shillings nor less than Two Shillings; and in default of their adjudging and declaring the same, the Sum of Three Shillings.

[See 54 G.3. 109. § 4.]

CAP. LIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and for Six Months after the Expiration thereof, by the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, additional Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares and Merchandize into Great Britain; and on Goods, Wares and Merchandize brought or carried Coastwise, within Great Britain.

[18th May 1804.]

[By 49 G. 3. c. 98. § 6. Sck. A. Inwards, certain War

and amongst others a Duty on Sugar was granted until Six Months after the Ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace; by 54 G. 3. c. 64. the above Duties were continued until 5th July 1815; by 55 G. 3. c. 32. § 3. the same Duties, and also the Duties granted by this Act, were continued until the End of Six Weeks from the Expiration of any Act of Parliament continuing the Temporary or War Duties upon Sugar imported into G. B.; and by 55 G. 3. c. 33. certain of the Duties continued by 54 G. 3. c. 64., amongst which the War Duty upon Sugar appears to be included, are further continued until 5th 1816, but no further Continuation appears.2

How Composition for Statute Duty shall in future be ascertained and paid, and to what Amount.

EXP.

C. 54.

44.> GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

5S4<

42 G.3. c. 66.

43 G.3. c. 121.

44 G.3. c. 18.

So much of recited Acts as relates to Great Britain repealed.

His Majesty may continue the Services of Corps accepted before this Act, and accept the Services of any formed after, and may disband or discontinue their Services.

CAP. LIV.

An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain; and to make further Regulations relating thereto.

[5th June 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to ‘ enable His Majesty to avail himself of the Offers off certain Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps to continue their Services: And

Whereas an Act was passed in the Forty third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for authorizing the billetting of such Troops off Yeomanry and Volunteer Cavalry as

‘ may be desirous of assembling for the Purpose off being trained i together in Great Britain and Ireland; and ffor subjecting to 1 litary Discipline, during the Wary such Serjeants serving any

Volunteer or Yeomanry Corps off Cavalry or Infantry as receive

constant Payt and all TrumpetersDrummers or Buglemen serving therein, and, receiving Pay at any daily or •weekly and

ffor the further Regulation off such Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps:‘ And Whereas an Act was passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to explain and amend Two Acts passed the Forty second and Forty third Years off the Reign off His present Majesty, relating to Volunteers and Yeomanry Corps Great Britain: And Whereas it is expedient, that all the Provisions of the said Acts, so far as the same relate to Corps of Yeomanry ‘ and Volunteers in Great Britain, should be consolidated in One Act; and that further Provisions should be made for the Regulation of such Corps and Persons serving therein respectively May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Acts as relates to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; save and except as to all Cases relating to the demanding, recovering or levying any Fine or Penalty incurred before the passing of this Act.

" Persons entitled to any Exemption under repealed Acts shall " have the Benefit thereof, until the Period for the First Return " under this Act. § 2. — See § 9.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for His Majesty to continue the Services of all Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers accepted before the passing of this Act, and also to accept the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers that may be formed after the passing thereof, such Corps respectively being formed under Officers having or who shall have Commissions, either from His Majesty or any Lieutenant of a County, or any other Person or Persons who may be specially authorized by His Majesty for that Purpose, as to His Majesty may seem proper, upon such Terms and Conditions, and under and according to such Rules and Regulations as have been approved by His Majesty,

A.D. 1804.

44." GEO. III.

G*. 54*.

in regard to such Corps whose Services have been accepted before the passing of this Act, and upon such Terms and Conditions, and under and according to such Rules and Regulations, with regard to such Corps whose Services shall be accepted after the passing thereof, as to His Majesty may hereafter seem fit and proper; and to disband or discontinue the Services of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers now formed or hereafter to be formed respectively, or of any Parts of such Corps, whenever it may seem expedient to His Majesty so to do:Provided always, that the Services of all Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers accepted before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed to be continued under the Provisions thereof, unless His Majesty shall signify his Intention of disbanding or discontinuing the Services of any such Corps, by any Order to be communicated by His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled or

to be enrolled, and serving as an effective Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great, and who shall be

duly returned or certified as such under this Act, shall be exempt from being liable to serve personally or to provide a Substitute in the Militia of Great Britain, or in any additional Force raised or to be raised for the Defence of the Realm and more vigorous Prosecution of the War, under any Act or Acts of the last Session of Parliament, or under any Act or Acts of the present or, any future Session of Parliament and from supplying any Vacancies therein, and shall remain so exempted so long as he shall continue to be, and be returned or certified to be, an effective Member, in Manner by this Act required, and no longer: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to entitle any Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers to any Exemption mentioned in this Act, in any Case in which; in the Offer or Acceptance of Service of such Corps, it shall have been specified that such Exemption would not be claimed by or allowed to the Members thereof; or to entitle any greater Number of Persons in any Corps to any Exemptions under this Act, than shall have been or shall be allowed as the established Number of such Corps.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be deemed, construed or taken to be an effective Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or shall be returned or certified as such by any Commanding Officer under this Act, or be entitled to any Exemption under any of the Provisions thereof, who shall not have duly attended, properly armed and accoutred, and mounted, if Cavalry, at the Muster or Exercise of the Corps to which he belongs, if Cavalry Four Days, if Infantry Eight Days, at the least, in the Course of the Four Months next preceding each Return made under this Act; unless he shall have been absent with Leave, under the Provisions of this Act, or shall have been prevented by actual Sickness, such Sickness to be certified by some Medical Practitioner, or otherwise proved to the Commanding Officer of the Corps to his Satisfaction; nor unless sijch Person shall be returned or certified by his Commanding Officer, in Manner directed by this Act, as an effective Member, and as having taken the Oath of Allegiance.

Services of Corps accepted before this Act, deemed to be continued.

Members exempt from Service in Militia, &c.

Proviso as to Corps whose Offers specified that such Exemption would not be claimed, &c.

What Persons deemed effective Members.

536

C. 54.

44° GEO. III.

Members having attended Muster, though without Arms, &c. returned effective.

Commanding Officers may grant Leave of Absence to Persons who shall be entitled to Exemption as effective, if they attend duly within Eight Months.

How Members attending entitled to Exemption.

Commanding Officers to make Returns of their Corps every Four Months to Clerks of Gene-

A.D. 1804.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in every Case in which any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, heretofore accepted or hereafter to be accepted, requiring any Arms or Accoutrements at the Expence of His Majesty, shall hot have been supplied with such Arms or Accoutrements in sufficient Time to have enabled the Members thereof, or of any Part or Proportion of any such Corps, to have attended properly armed and accoutred at Muster and Exercise, according to the Provisions of this Act, every Member of such Corps who shall have duly attended Muster and Exercise, although without Arms or Accoutrements, shall nevertheless be deemed and taken to be, and may be returned or certified to be, an effective Member thereof, in like Manner as if he had so attended properly armed and accoutred.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, in any Case in which, on Application made for that Purpose, it shall appear to him proper to grant Leave of Absence to any effective Member of such Corps, who may be prevented from attending, in any Period of Four Months, the Number of Days of Muster and Exercise required by this Act, to grant such Leave, and to return or certify such Person so absent in the next Return or Certificate; and every such Person shall in such Case continue entitled to Exemption as an effective Member; provided he shall in the succeeding Four Months attend such Number of Days of Muster and Exercise as will complete the full Number of Eight Days Attendance, if Cavalry, or Sixteen Days, if Infantry, in the whole Period of Eight successive Months; and in default of having so attended Eight Times, if in the Cavalry, or Sixteen Times, if in the Infantry, in such Eight successive Months, he shall be struck out of the List of effective Members, and returned in the Muster Roll as noneffective, and shall be no longer entitled to any Exemption under this Act, while so returned,

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any effective Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall have attended at the usual Muster and Exercise thereof, the full Number of Twelve Days, if Cavalry, and Twenty four Days, if Infantry, within any Period of Four successive Months, commencing from any Day appointed by this Act for making a Return, or within any Two successive Periods of Four Months, each commencing as aforesaid, every such Person shall in such Case continue entitled to Exemption, and shall be returned as an effective Member for the Periods for which he would have been entitled to Exemption, and to be returned as an effective Member in case he had, within such First Period of Four Months, attended at the Muster and Exercise of such Corps Four Days if Cavalry, and Eight Days if Infantry, and the like Number of Days in each of the Two succeeding Periods according to the Provisions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Officers commanding Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers shall, on the First Day of

July, and the First Days respectively of August and December succeeding the passing of this Act, and on the First Days respectively of April, August and, in every succeeding

Year, or within Fourteen Days after such Days respectively, make

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 51. 537

Returns to the Clerks of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, according to the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (A.) , for the Use of the Lieutenants of their respective Counties; and certify the same to be true, in the Form contained in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (B.); and every such Commanding Officer shall in every such Return specially state the Number of Men on the Establishment, and also the Number of Supernumeraries allowed in such Corps; and shall also distinguish in every such Return the Effective from the Noneffective Members of such Corps, and shall also state the Names of all such Persons as have been admitted into, and also all such as have joined their respective Corps since the last Day appointed by this Act for making a Return, and the Names of all Persons absent on Leave as aforesaid, and also the Names of all Persons who shall have been discharged from or shall have quitted such Corps since the last Return; and shall also in all Cases where any Exemptions are allowed under this Act, distinguish the Persons entitled to Exemptions from such as are not entitled thereto, either by reason of the Number of Men inrolled in such Corps exceeding the allowed Establishment thereof, or otherwise; and shall, in all Cases where any Arms required by any such Corps at the Expence of His Majesty shall not have been supplied, state such Circumstances specially at the Foot of the Return; and shall also at such Periods as aforesaid make to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, and to the General Officer commanding the District (when any such shall be appointed) , accurate Returns of their respective Corps, specifying the Numbers of Effective and Noneffective Men in their Corps at the Time of making such Returns; and all such last mentioned Returns shall be made as near as may be according to the Description of the Corps, in the Form in which monthly Military Returns are usually made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and he is hereby required, at the Time of returning every Muster Roll of his Corps, to give to every Effective Member thereof, who shall be resident, or liable to be ballotted for the Militia or any other such additional Force as aforesaid, in any other County than that in which such Muster Rolls shall be returned, and who shall require the same, a Certificate, in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (C.); and such Certificate shall, on delivery thereof to the Clerk of the General Meetings of Lieutenancy for the County where such Person shall reside or be liable to any such Ballot, entitle such Effective Member to his Exemptions from Service under this Act, as effectually as if he had been returned to the Lieutenancy of the County in which he shall reside or be liable to be ballotted as aforesaid, in a Muster Roll under this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all Field Officers and Adjutants of Volunteer Corps, and every Person serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, who shall be returned in any such Muster Roll, or be certified as aforesaid, as an Effective Member thereof, and as having used any Horse, Mare or Gelding for such Service during such Days of Muster and Exercise as aforesaid, and every Person providing a Horse, Mare or Gelding, for

ral Meetings of their respective Counties.

The Particulars to be stated in such Returns.

Commanding Officers to give Certificates to Effective Men residing in other Counties,

Field Officers and others herein mentioned, exempted from Duty for Horses used at Muster and Exercise, and Per-

538

C. 54.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

sons providing them.

Members exempt from the Hair Powder Duty.

43 G. 3. C. 161.

§ 36. and Schedules (L.) and (M.)

Commanding Officers to deliver annual Certificates to Surveyor of District.

Form of such Certificates.

Proviso for other Forms.

any other Person serving as an Effective Member in any such Corps who shall be returned as Effective, and as having used such Horse, Mare or Gelding, for such Service during such Days of Muster and Exercise, shall be exempt from the Payment of any Duties in respect of such Horse, Mare or Gelding, so long as such Horse, Mare or Gelding, shall be so used by an Effective Member as aforesaid; and every Person enrolled and serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry, who shall be returned in any such Muster Roll under this Act, as an Effective Member thereof, shall be exempt from the Payment of the Duty chargeable in respect of such Person wearing Hair Powder, so long as he shall continue an Effective Member of such Corps:Provided always, that every such Exemption from Duty as aforesaid, shall be returned and claimed in the Manner in which Exemptions are directed to be returned and claimed by an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled Act for repealing the several Duties under the Management of the Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes, and granting new Duties lieu thereof; for

granting new Duties in certain Cases therein for repealing the Duties of Excise on Licences, and on Carriages constructed by Coachmakers, and granting new Duties, under the

Management of the said Commissioners for the Affairs of and also new Duties on Persons selling Carriages by Auction or on Commission:Provided also, That the Commanding Officer of every such Corps shall, before the Fifth Day of July succeeding the passing of this Act, and between the Fifth Day of April and the Fifth Day of May in every succeeding Year, deliver or cause to be delivered to any Surveyor or Inspector of Taxes of the District wherein such Corps shall be enrolled, or of any adjoining District, a Certificate in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (E.); and in case the same shall be a Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and any of the Horses, Mares or Geldings, used by any Effective Member thereof for Service therein, shall be provided by any other Person or Persons, such Commanding Officer shall also insert in such Certificate the Names of the several Persons who shall provide any such Horses, Mares or Geldings, and shall also annex to such Certificate Affidavits of the several Persons serving in such Corps, for whom any Horses, Mares or Geldings, shall be provided, declaring respectively by whom the same are provided; and every Person claiming to be exempted from the said Duties shall be charged and chargeable thereto, unless such Certificate as aforesaid, and also such Affidavits in Cases where the same are hereby required, shall have been delivered pursuant to the Provisions of this Act; which Certificates made up, returned and certified, according to the Form thereof in the said Schedule marked (E.) , shall be deemed to be sufficient and valid for the Purpose of proving such Claims to Exemption as aforesaid: Provided always, that if from any Variation of Circumstances or other Reason, the said Forms hereby required cannot be strictly adhered to, ' any Instruments of a similar Import may nevertheless be admitted and received in Proof as aforesaid, at the Discretion of the respective Commissioners acting in the Execution of the above mentioned Act of the last Session of Parliament for the District wherein such Corps shall be enrolled; and when so admitted

A.D. 1804.

GEO. III. C. 5*.

539

and received, shall be as valid for the Purposes aforesaid, as if a Certificate and Affidavit had been delivered according to the Directions of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Members of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall be entitled to any Exemption under this Act, unless the Commanding Officer thereof shall, at the Times of transmitting the Muster Rolls in Manner directed by this Act, certify at the Foot thereof that such Corps has been inspected, at least once in the Space of the preceding Four Months, by some General or Field Officer of His Majesty's Regular Forces; or if such Inspection shall not have taken place, that such Corps has been ready and willing to be so inspected at its usual Place or Places and Times of Meeting.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Turnpike Gate or Bar for any Horses, Mares or Geldings, rode by any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or by any Field Officer or Staff Officer of Volunteers, in going to any Place for the Purpose of Exercise, or returning therefrom; any Thing in any Act or Acts to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that every such Person shall be dressed in the Uniform of his Corps, and have his Arms and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps at the Time. of claiming such Exemption from Toll as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the General Meetings of the several Counties in Great Britain shall, within Ten Days after they shall receive such Certificate and Returns as aforesaid, transmit to the Clerks of the Subdivision Meetings Extracts therefrom, containing the Names of the Persons in each Subdivision returned therein as Effective Members; and shall also, Three Times in every Year, transmit to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State Abstracts in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, marked (D.) , of the several Muster Rolls so sent to them respectively under this Act; which Abstract shall express the Names of the several Corps, the Number of Persons enrolled and serving in each Corps, and the Number of such Persons therein as are exempted from serving in the Militia or other additional Force respectively; and if any such Clerk shall omit or neglect to transmit such Abstracts as aforesaid, of all the Returns received by him, within Six Weeks after the Period prescribed by this Act for making Returns, or shall knowingly or wilfully transmit any false Abstracts, such Clerk shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Acts relating to the Militia, and to go to and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Commanding Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers as aforesaid, who shall knowingly make any false Return of any Muster Roll of such Corps, or give any false Certificate under this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Two hundred Pounds; to be recovered as any like Penalty may be recovered under any Acts relating to the Militia, and to go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Lieutenants and Deputy

What the Commanding Officer shall certify in Muster Rolls.

No Toll for

Horses going to Exercise, &c.

But Persons Riding to be dressed in Uniform.

Clerks of General Meetings to transmit Extracts of Muster Rolls to Subdivision Clerks, and Abstracts to Secretary of State.

Penalty 501.

Making false Returns or giving false Certificates.

Penalty 2001.

In fixing the Proportions of

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

540

Militiamen, Persons exempted to be deducted.

Persons enrolled in the Yeomanry or Volunteers not exempted from Ballot; but Notice shall be given to such as are chosen, who shall be liable to serve on .quitting the £orps, &c.

Proviso for •Substitute.

Not serving or finding a Substitute.

[Penalty.]

C. 54.

Lieutenants of every County, when they fix at any General Meeting the Proportions of Men to serve in the Militia, or any such additional Force, for the several Hundreds or other Divisions, shall deduct the Number of Yeomanry and Volunteers exempted as aforesaid from the Number of Persons liable to the Ballot, and apportion the Quotas for the several Divisions accordingly; and the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings shall in like Manner apportion the Quotas for the several Parishes, Tythings and Places:Provided always, that when a greater Number of Men are actually serving for any Division, Parish, Tything or Place, than would be due from it according to the last made Apportionment, the Surplus shall not be discharged, but as Vacancies occur, such Vacancies shall be supplied from such Divisions, Parishes, Tythings or Places, as by the last made Apportionment are most deficient.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or in any other Acts contained shall exempt any Person enrolled or serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers from being ballotted to serve in the Militia, or any such additional Force as aforesaid; and the Deputy Lieutenants at their respective Subdivision Meetings shall enter, in a separate List, the Names of all Persons who shall have been chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia, or such additional Force as aforesaid, during the Periods of such Persons being exempt from Service under this Act, in the Order in which they shall be so chosen, and shall, notwithstanding such Exemptions, give Notice thereof to the Persons so chosen; but shall at the same Time apprize such Persons that they are exempted from such Service so long as they shall continue effective Members of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers; and every such Person shall, if he shall quit such Corps, or be discharged therefrom by his Commanding Officer for Nonattendance or any Misconduct or Misbehaviour under the Provisions of this Act, during the Continuance of the present War, or until Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, be immediately liable to serve for the full Period of Service for which he shall have been chosen by Ballot; and every such Person shall, in the Order in which he shall have been entered on such Lists, fill up any Vacancy that may then be, or may thereafter arise, in such Militia or additional Force as aforesaid, in and for the Subdivision for which he shall originally have been ballotted, and shall immediately on any such Vacancy arising, be enrolled to serve, or find a Substitute to serve in such Militia or additional Force as aforesaid for such full Period of Service as aforesaid, to commence from the Time of his Enrolment or finding a Substitute as aforesaid; and every such Person who shall refuse or neglect so to serve, or find a Substitute to serve, shall be liable to all the Penalties, Forfeitures and Provisions contained in any Act or Acts relating to the Militia or such additional Force, for neglecting or refusing to serve or find a Substitute:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to deprive any such Person who may, at the Time of his being summoned to attend for the Purpose of being enrolled, or of finding a Substitute to serve as aforesaid, be entitled to any other Exemption from serving in the Militia or other additional Force

C. 54.

541

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III.

as aforesaid, from claiming and having the full Benefit of such Exemption.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Member of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers who shall have been chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia or other additional Force as aforesaid, and who shall have been exempted from serving by reason of his being an Effective Member of such Corps, and who shall continue to serve as an Effective Member thereof during the Continuance of the present War, and until Six Months after the Exchange of the Ratifications of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, shall, on quitting or being discharged from such Corps after the Expiration of the said Term, be liable to serve, or to find a Substitute to serve, by reason of any such Ballot, or to supply any Vacancy that may arise in the Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid, by reason of having been inserted in any such List as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided always, that every such Person shall thenceforth be liable to be chosen by Ballot, and to serve in the Militia or such other additional Force as aforesaid, in like Manner as if he had not before been chosen by Ballot to serve therein.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Person who shall, on account of changing his Place of Residence to any other Parish or District, quit any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in which he shall have been an Effective Member, and entitled to Exemption as such up to the Time of his quitting the same, shall, within Ten Days after he shall quit such Corps, enrol himself in any other Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, every such Person shall, upon producing to the Commanding Officer of the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself a Certificate of the Number of Days on which he shall have attended the Musters and Exercise of the Corps which he has so quitted, (which Certificate the Commanding Officer thereof is hereby required to give,) be entitled to the Benefit of the Number of Days specified in such Certificate, and shall and may, on completing the Number of Days of Attendance at Muster and Exercise required by this Act, in the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself, be entitled to be returned, and shall be returned as an effective Member of such Corps, and shall continue to be entitled to Exemption as such in like Manner as if he had, from the Time of his Enrolment in the Corps which he shall have quitted, been an effective Member of the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself: Provided always, that if the Corps in which such Person shall have last enrolled himself, and the Corps which he shall have quitted, shall not belong to the same Subdivision, and such Person shall at any Time thereafter be chosen by Ballot to serve in the Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid, for the Subdivision to which the Corps in which he shall have last enrolled himself shall belong, such Person shall no longer be liable to serve or to find a Substitute to serve in the Militia or such additional Force, for the Subdivision to which the Corps which he shall have quitted shall belong, although he may have been chosen by Ballot to serve for such last mentioned Subdivision.

XX. And be it further enacted, That every Person enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers before the passing

Persons ballotted, continuing to serve in Yeomanry or Volunteer Corps during the War, &c. not liable to serve at the Expiration thereof.

Volunteers quitting one Corps and enrolling themselves in another, to have Certificates of Attendance, and the Benefit thereof, and in the Case herein mentioned, shall be exempt from Service in Subdivision of former Corps.

Volunteers to take Oath of Allegiance.

542

C. 54.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Adjutants, &c. receiving constant Pay, subject to Mutiny Act and Articles of War.

How Courts Martial composed.

Punishment extending to Life or Limb.

In Cases of Invasion, &c. Volimteers on Summons, &c. to assemble and march, and on Neglect deemed Deserters: such Corps then subject to Mutiny Laws and Articles of War.

of this Act, who shall not have taken the Oath of Allegiance required by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and every Person who shall be enrolled in any such Corps after the passing of this Act, shall take the Oath of Allegiance to His Majesty; and such Oath may and shall be administered to all such Persons as shall have been enrolled in any such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers before the passing of this Act, and who shall not have taken the same as soon as may be after the passing thereof, and to all such Persons as shall be enrolled in any such Corps after the passing of this Act, as soon as may be after their Enrolment in such Corps, by any Deputy Lieutenant or Justice of the Peace, or by any Commissioned Officer of such Corps.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such of the Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Drill Serjeants and Serjeants serving in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, as receive the constant Pay of their Rank therein, and all Trumpeters, Buglemen and Drummers, serving in any such Corps, and receiving any Pay as such therein, from His Majesty or otherwise, either at any daily or weekly Rate, and also all Farriers being attested and serving in any such Corps, and receiving any such Pay therein, shall at all Times be subject to any Act which shall be in force for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to the Articles of War, established for the better Government of His Majesty's Forces, and shall be liable to be tried for any Crime committed against such Act or Articles of War, by any General or Detachment or Regimental Court Martial, according to the Nature and Degree of the Offence, in like Manner and under the like Regulations as Adjutants, Serjeant Majors, Serjeants, Corporals or Drummers of His Majesty's Militia Forces: Provided always, that every such Court Martial shall be composed wholly of Officers of the Yeomanry or Volunteer Establishment; and that no Punishment awarded by such Court Martial shall extend to Life or Limb, except when such Corps are called out in Cases of Invasion, or Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast.

[See§ 25. post.]

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases of actual

Invasion, or Appearance of any Enemy in force on the Coast of Great Britain, or of Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing

within the same on the Appearance of any Enemy in force on the Coast, or during any Invasion, all Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers shall, whenever they shall be summoned by the Lieutenants of the Counties in which they shall be respectively formed, or their Vice Lieutenants, or Deputy Lieutenants, or upon the making of any General Signals of Alarm, forthwith assemble within their respective Districts, and shall be liable to march according to the Terms and Conditions of their respective Services, whether the same shall extend to any Part of Great, or be limited to

any District, County, City, Town or Place therein; and all Persons then enrolled in any such Corps, not labouring under any Infirmity incapacitating them for Military Service, and not holding a Commission or serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces, or in any other such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and actually joining such Corps, who shall refuse or neglect to join their respective Corps, and to assemble and march therewith upon any such Summons

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 54.

543

mons or General Signal of Alarm as aforesaid, shall be deemed Deserters, and shall be subject to Punishment as such; and all such Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers and all Officers and Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men therein, shall, upon and from the Time of such Summons, or of such General Signals of Alarm being made as aforesaid, and until the Enemy shall be defeated and expelled, and all Rebellion or Insurrection then existing within Great Britain shall be suppressed, (the same to be signified by His Majesty's Proclamation) , continue and be subject to all the Provisions contained in any Act of Parliament then in Force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, in all Cases whatever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of

Yeomanry or Volunteers shall, with the Approbation of His Majesty, signified through his Principal Secretary of State, voluntarily assemble or inarch to do Military Duty upon any Appearance of Invasion, or for the Purpose of improving themselves in Military Exercise, except in the Case hereinafter specified as to Corps of Yeomanry Cavalry, or shall voluntarily march on being called, upon in pursuance of any Order from the Lieutenant or Sheriff of the County, to act within the County or adjacent Counties for the Suppression of Riots or Tumults, all such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall, in all such Cases, from the Time of so assembling or marching as aforesaid, and during the Period of their remaining on such Military Duty, or being engaged in such Service as aforesaid, be subject to Military Discipline, and to all the Provisions of any Act then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, and to any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof.

[See § 46. post.]

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases in which any Corps are assembled or marched, on any Summons or General Signal of Alarm, or are voluntarily doing Military Duty as aforesaid, under any of the Provisions of this Act, it shall be lawful for His Majesty to put such Corps under the Command of such General Officers as His Majesty shall from time to time be pleased to appoint for that Purpose, or as shall be then commanding in the Districts in which such Corps shall respectively be assembled, marched or doing Military Duty: Provided always, that such Corps shall be led by their respective Officers, under such Command as aforesaid; and no Person enrolled or serving in any such Volunteer Corps, so long as the Service of such Corps shall be continued by His Majesty, and as such Person shall remain an effective Member thereof, shall be liable to be placed in any Regiment, Battalion or Corps of Regulars, Militia or Fencibles, without his free Consent first had and obtained.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall sit on any Court Martial upon the Trial of any Officer or Soldier of His Majesty's other Forces; nor shall any Officer serving in any of His Majesty's other Forces sit on any Court Martial upon the

Trial

Corps voluntarily assembling or marching to do Military Duty, &c. sub-iect to Mutiny Act, &c.

Regulations as, to Officers commanding and leading such Corps.

Member not liable to be placed in any other Regiment.

Volunteer Officers not to sit on Trial of Regulars:nor e contra.

544

C. 54.

44° GEO. III.

A.D. 1804.

Rank of Volunteer Officers,

Commanding Officers of Corps, when not on actual Service, may-discharge Members, not being Commissioned Officers, for Disobedience of Orders, &c.

Proviso for Regulations approved by his Majesty, &c.

Commanding Officer may disallow the Day on which the Party misconducted himself as a Day of Attendance, &c.

Persons misconducting

Trial of any Officer, Noncommissioned Officer, Drummer, Trumpeter or Private Man, in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Officers in Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, having Commissions from His Majesty or Lieutenants of Counties, or others who maybe specially authorized by His Majesty for that Purpose, shall rank with the Officers of His Majesty's Regular and Militia Forces as the Youngest of their respective Ranks.

[See 4*6 G. 3. c. 125.]

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Commanding Officer of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, when not summoned or assembled upon actual Service in case of Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy in force upon the Coast, to discharge any Member of the Corps under his Command, not being a Commissioned Officer, for any Disobedience of Orders, or Breach of Discipline while under Arms, and also for any Neglect of Attendance and Duty, or Misconduct, or improper Behaviour as a Member of his Corps, or for other sufficient Cause, the Existence and Sufficiency of such several Causes respectively being to be judged of by such Commanding Officer, and immediately to strike such Person out of the Muster Roll of the Corps to which he shall belong: Provided always, that every such Person shall remain liable to all the Provisions of this Act, as to compelling the Payment of any. Subscriptions, or Arrears of Subscription, or Fines and Forfeitures, incurred before or at the Time of such Discharge, and as to the delivering up and restoring of Arms, Accoutrements and Clothing, as hereinafter mentioned: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to abrogate or affect any Rules or Regulations of any such Corps which have been or may be approved by His Majesty; and which are or may be applicable to the Discharge of any Member of any Corps when not summoned or assembled upon actual Service:Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to extend to prevent His Majesty from signifying his Pleasure in such Manner, and giving Directions with respect to any such Case of Discharge, or in respect to any Rules and Regulations with regard to any Cases of Discharge, as to His Majesty shall appear most just and proper.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where the Rules and Regulations, approved or to be approved by His Majesty, of any such Corps, shall not provide for any such Cases of Misconduct, Disobedience of Orders or Breach of Discipline while under Arms, it shall be lawful for any Commanding Officer, in any such Case of Misconduct under Arms as aforesaid, to disallow to the Person so misconducting himself the Day on which he shall have so misconducted himself, as a Day of Attendance, for the Purpose of entitling him to any Exemption under the Provisions of this Act, and to direct that he shall forfeit One Day’s Pay, in Cases where any Pay is allowed, or either to disallow any such Day of Attendance, or to direct the Forfeiture of One Day’s Pay, as such Commanding Officer shall in his Discretion think fit, and which Pay such Person so misconducting himself shall forfeit accordingly.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, every Person who shall not during the Times

of

A.D. 1804.

44.° GEO. III. C. 5

545

of Training and Exercise, or of his being under. Arms, or wearing themselves the Clothing or Accoutrements of the Corps, and going to any during Exer-Place of Exercise or Assembly of the Corps, conduct himself in into^us r~ a decent and orderly Manner, or shall not obey the lawful Com- ° u mand of the Officer or Officers commanding, may be ordered by such Officer into the Custody of any Person or Persons belonging to such Corps, for the Time during which such Corps shall then remain under Arms.

XXX. And Whereas Doubts have arisen as to the Right of ‘ Persons enrolled in Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers to withdraw themselves from or quit the same; and it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed; ’ For Remedy whereof, be it therefore declared and enacted, That from and after the pass- Volunteers may ing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person enrolled in any quit their Corps, Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, at any Time (except when j^agio^&c summoned or assembled upon actual Service, in case of actual *

Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy in force upon the Coast, or voluntarily assembled for the Purpose of doing Military Duty, under any of the Provisions, or in any of the Cases specified in this Act) , to quit such Corps; and such Person shall accordingly be struck out of the Muster Roll of such Corps in the Manner and under the Conditions hereinafter mentioned.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from Such Persons and after the passing of this Act no such Person shall be entitled giye Four-to quit any such Corps without giving Fourteen Days’ Notice in t?en ?*0" Writing of such his Intention, to the Commanding Officer thereof, nor until he shall have delivered up to such Commanding Officer, Arms, and pay or to some Person appointed by him to receive the same, all Arms, Fines. Accoutrements, Clothing and Appointments, that shall have beeit furnished to him at the public Expence, or by any other Person, or at the Charge of any Subscription for furnishing such Articles, in good Order and Condition (reasonable Wear and Tear only excepted) , and shall have paid all Subscriptions, and Arrears of Subscriptions, and also all Fines and Penalties incurred by him, under any of the Rules and Regulations of his Corps, either before or at the Time of or by reason of his quitting such Corps:Pro- Volunteers, vided always, that if any Person enrolled in any Corps of Yeo- (Exception) manry or Volunteers, other than and except the Persons herein- enlisting m Re-before mentioned as receiving the constant Pay of their Rank, ^on^ered* shall at any Time hereafter enlist in any of His Majesty's Forces, discharged, or shall enrol himself as a Substitute or Volunteer in the Militia or any such Additional Force as aforesaid, every such Person shall, immediately after such Enlisting or Enrolment, be considered as discharged to all Intents and Purposes from such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers; and the Commanding Officer of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall, upon such enlisting or Enrolment being duly notified to him, and upon receiving back from such Person the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing and Appointments of such Person in the Manner before mentioned, strike the Name of such Person out of the Muster Roll of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and shall specially certify the same in the next Return to be made under the Provisions of this Act.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That every Persons quit-Person who shall quit any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or fing Corps, &c. 44 Geo. III. N n be

546

C. 54.

44° GEO. III.

A.D. 1804.

liable to serve in Militia, &c. and to pay Duties on Horses, &c.

Such quitting or Discharge certified by Commanding Officer, as herein mentioned.

Persons aggrieved by Commanding Officer refusing their Resignation, may appeal to Two Deputy Lieutenants.

Examination upon Oath.

Arms, &c. delivered up, or Compensation to such Persons.

be discharged therefrom for Nonattendance, or any Misconduct or Misbehaviour as aforesaid, shall immediately thereupon, unless otherwise exempted, become liable to serve, if he shall have before been chosen or shall thereafter be chosen by Ballot, in the Militia or such additional Force as aforesaid; and shall also immediately become liable to such of the Duties chargeable in respect of keeping or using any Horse, Mare or Gelding, or wearing Hair Powder for which such Person shall have acquired any Right of Exemption for the Year ending on the Fifth Day of April next after the Time of his quitting or being discharged from such Corps; and the Commanding Officer of every such Corps shall forthwith certify the Quitting or Discharge of such Person to the Clerk of the General Meetings of the County in which such Corps shall be formed, and also to the Assessor of the said Duties for the Parish or Place in which such Person shall reside; and such Assessor shall forthwith deliver such Certificate to the Surveyor of the District in which such Parish or Place shall be situate, who shall certify the same to the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the before recited Act for the same District, who shall forthwith cause such Exemption to be disallowed, and the Assessment of such Person, if any such Assessment shall before have been made, to be amended, or otherwise a new Assessment to be made in respect of such Duties for such Year ending as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That jt shall be lawful for any Person who may have given Notice in Writing to the Commanding Officer of his Corps, of his Intention to resign, and who may think himself aggrieved by reason of any such Commanding Officer refusing to strike his Name out of any such Muster Roll, on account of any Subscription or Arrears of Subscription, or any Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures not having been paid, or of any Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing or Appointments not having been delivered up, or not having been delivered up in good State and Condition, or on any other Account whatsoever, to appeal to any Two Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision in which such Corps shall have been formed, or of any adjoining Subdivision, or to any One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, acting within any such Subdivision (not being Members of such Corps); and it shall be lawful for such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace aforesaid to hear and determine such Appeal, and to examine any Person or Persons thereon, upon Oath, (which Oath such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace aforesaid respectively are hereby authorized to administer) , and to discharge such Person from such Corps if they shall think, under all the Circumstances, that such Person hath complied with the Provisions of this Act, and to order the Commanding Officer forthwith to strike such Person out of the Muster Roll of such Corps, or to order and direct the Payment of any such Sum of Money as may appear to them ought to be paid by such Person, in respect of any such Subscription or Arrears, or Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures as aforesaid, or to order and direct the Delivery of any Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing or Appointments, or the Payment of any such Sum of Money as shall appear to them to be reasonable, for any Loss of Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing

or

A.D. 1801.

11° GEO. III. C. 51.

517

Proviso for Defence Acts.

or Appointments, or any Damage that may have been done thereto before such Discharge; and all such Sums of Money shall and may be levied, recovered and applied, in like Manner, as any like Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures or Sums of Money, may be recovered and applied; and the Determination of such Deputy Lieutenants and Justices of the Peace aforesaid shall be final and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatever.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, 43GL3. c. 120. passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled Act to amend § ] I *

an Act, made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled i An

Act to amend and render more effectual an, passed in the present Session off Parliament, intituled " An Act to enable his Majesty more effectually to provide ffor the Deffence and Security ‘ off the Realm during the present War; and ffor indemnifying i Persons xoho may suffer in their Property by such Measures as t may be necessary ffor that Purpose and to enable His Majesty ‘more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted c Prerogative, in requiring the Military Service off his liege Sub-

6 jects in case off Invasion off the Realm, ’ as directs that the Sum of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Day shall be allowed to any Serjeant or other Person employed by any Commanding Officer for the Purpose of instructing any Volunteer Corps in the Use of Arms, and directs the Manner in which such Sums shall be paid, and imposes any Penalties in case of the Nonpayment thereof, shall be and the same is hereby repealed.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any Manner, to alter, vary or repeal any of the Provisions of any of the Acts passed in the last Session of Parliament relating to the Defence of the Realm, and for the Purpose of enabling His Majesty more effectually and speedily to exercise his ancient and undoubted Prerogative in requiring the Military Service of His liege Subjects, in case of Invasion of the Realm, except so far as any of such Provisions are hereby expressly altered, varied or repealed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Corps of When Corps

Yeomanry or Volunteers shall have assembled on any Summons of s^mions any Lieutenant of the County in which they shall be respective^ Receivers*Get* formed, or his Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants, or upon neral of Taxes the making any general Signal of Alarm as aforesaid, the Receiver in England, General of the Rates and Duties under the Management of the and the Collec-Commissioners for the Affairs of Taxes for the County, Riding or "

Place, if in England, and the Collector of the Cess of the County,

if in Scotland, to which such Corps shall belong, shall and is SuVs herein

hereby required to pay to the Captain or other Commanding mentioned. Officer of any Troop or Company of such Corps, the Sum of Two

Guineas, for the Use of every Volunteer in such Troop or Company who shall so assemble; and whenever any such Corps shall hereafter voluntarily assemble to do Military Duty upon any Appearance of Invasion, or for the Purpose of improving themselves in Military Exercise under the Provisions of this Act, it shall be pearance of lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury to order Invasion, and direct that any Sum, not exceeding One Guinea for every Treasuryt0Pay Volunteer who shall so assemble, shall be paid to the Captain or

Nn 2 other

tors of Cess in Scotland, to pay to Captains

When assembled upon Ap-

548

C. 54.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Captains to account for the Money;

but shall not draw any for Men not desiring it.

Volunteers, when assembled on Invasion, &c. to receive Pay and be billeted as other Forces;

Families entitled to same Relief as Families of Militia Men.

other Commanding Officer of every Troop or Company of such Corps; and such Sum, not exceeding One Guinea, shall, upon every such Order, be paid, by every such Receiver General or Collector aforesaid, to the Captain or Commanding Officer of each Troop or Company as aforesaid; and the Money so received, in any of the Cases aforesaid, by any Captain or other Commanding Officer, or so much thereof as such Captain or other Commanding Officer shall think necessary, shall be laid out in providing necessaries for each such Volunteer; and such Captain or Commanding Officer shall, within One Month after the Receipt of such Money, account to the several Persons for whose Use the same shall have been received, how the same hath been applied or disposed of, and shall at the Time of settling such Account pay the Remainder, if any, to the Persons entitled thereto (; and all the Money so

paid by any Receivers General or Collectors aforesaid shall be allowed them in their Accounts; and all Persons whatever who shall have given any Orders or Directions for the Payment, or who shall have paid, for the Use of any Person in any such Corps who shall have voluntarily assembled as aforesaid before the passing of this Act, any Sum not exceeding One Guinea for each such Volunteer, shall be and are hereby indemnified: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the Captain of any such Troop or Company to demand, draw for or receive any such Sum, or any Part thereof, for the Use of any Person or Persons serving therein, who shall not desire to be entitled to the Benefit thereof. (a) such Officers not deemed

Public Accountants, c. 94. post.]

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, when assembled as aforesaid on any Invasion or Appearance of the Enemy in force on the Coast, or for the Suppression of Rebellion or Insurrection, or when voluntarily assembled, and doing Military Duty, with the Approbation of His Majesty, under any of the Provisions of this Act, shall be entitled to and shall receive Pay during the Periods of their so remaining assembled as aforesaid, in such Manner and after such Rates, according to their respective Ranks and Situations in such Corps, and be entitled to be quartered and billetted, in like Manner, in every Respect, and under and subject to the same Regulations, as the Officers, Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of His Majesty's other Forces, as far as the same shall by His Majesty be deemed applicable to Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps.

[See46 G. 3. c. 140.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall be so assembled or marched as aforesaid on any Invasion, or Appearance of an Enemy in force upon the Coast, or in case of any Rebellion or Insurrection arising or existing as aforesaid, or of Riots or Tumults, or for the Purpose of voluntarily doing Military Duty under any of the Provisions of this Act, all Persons enrolled therein who shall join on such assembling and marching as aforesaid, and who shall leave Families unable to support themselves, shall, during the Period of their Absence or Service on Military Duty as aforesaid, be entitled to such and the like Relief for their Wives and Families, and under such and the like Circumstances, as are mentioned in Two

9 several

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 54.

549

several Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for providing Relief for the Families of Militia Men in and Scotland

respectively, when called out into actual Service; and for that Purpose, all the Rules, Regulations, Provisions, Powers, Authorities, Penalties and Forfeitures, in the said last mentioned Acts respectively contained, shall extend and be construed to extend to the giving such Relief as aforesaid, as fully and effectually as if the same were herein enacted: Provided always, that all Sums of Money which shall be advanced and paid to the Wives and Families of such Men, in England, under any Order for that Purpose, shall, upon Delivery of a Quarterly Account of the Payment thereof, certified and signed by Two Justices of the Peace of the County in which such Relief shall be given, be repaid to the Overseer or Overseers, or Parish Officer or Officers, who shall have advanced the same, by the Receiver General of such County, out of any public Money in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Account of such Receiver General: Provided also, that no Assessment shall be made to make good the Amount of any Sums paid for such Relief to such Wives and Families in Scotland under this Act, in the Manner directed by such last mentioned Act relative to Scotland, to make good the Sums paid to the Wives and Families of Militia Men, pursuant thereto.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That after the Defeat and Expulsion of the Enemy from Great Britain, and Suppression of any such Rebellion or Insurrection, to be notified as aforesaid, all Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers which shall have been assembled and marched out of their respective Counties, shall forthwith be returned to their respective Counties, and the Sum of One Guinea shall be paid, under the Direction of any General or other superior Officer under whose Command such Corps shall then happen to be, to every such Person therein so permitted to return home as aforesaid, who shall be willing to receive the same, over and above the usual Rate of Pay to which such Person shall be entitled, in order the better to enable him to return to his Parish.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all Commissioned Officers of Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, who shall be disabled in actual Service, shall be entitled to Half Pay, according to their Ranks; and all Noncommissioned Officers, Drummers and Private Men of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, so disabled, shall be entitled to the Benefit of Chelsea Hospital; and the Widows of all such Commissioned Officers killed in Service shall be entitled to receive such Pensions for Life as are given to Widows of Officers in His Majesty's Regular Forces.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Officer who is entitled to Half Pay shall be deemed or taken to forfeit or quit such Half Pay during the Time he shall serve and receive Pay as Adjutant or Quarter Master in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, but that the same shall nevertheless continue; and instead of the Oath usually required of Half Pay Officers, to entitle them to the Receipt of their Half Pay, every such Officer so entitled to Half Pay, and serving as aforesaid, shall take the following Oath:

‘ J A.B.do swear, That I had not, between the ‘ and the any Place or Employ-

‘ ment of Profit, Civil or Military, under His Majesty, besides

N n 3 my

How Monies advanced to such Families in England repaid.

Assessment in Scotland for Repayment of such Money.

After Defeat of Enemy, &c. Volunteers returned to their Counties, and a Guinea to each Man.

Proviso as to Half Pay, to Chelsea Hospital and Pensions

Half Pay may be received by Adjutants and Quarter Masters on taking the following

Oath.

550

C. 54.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Commanding Officers may appoint Places for depositing Arms and Accoutrements, and Persons to take care of them.

Deputy Lieutenants to view them.

Expence paid n England by Receiver General,

not exceeding the Sum authorized by His Majesty.

In Scotland Barons of the Exchequer there may grant Warrant for Payment.

my Allowance of Half Pay as a reduced in

late Regiment of save

and except my Pay as Adjutant or Quarter Master, [as the Case

may be, '] for serving in the Corps of Yeomanry or

4 Volunteers of the [as the Case may be~\J

And the taking of the said Oath shall, without taking any other Oath, be sufficient to entitle such Person to receive his Half Pay.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commanding Officer of any Corps receiving Arms and Accoutrements supplied at the Public Exp^nce, or by Subscription, to appoint a proper Place in the Parish or Place in which his Corps shall be formed, or in each of the different Parishes or Places, if more Companies than One are formed in different Parishes, and united in One Corps, as the Case may require, and as may seem expedient for the depositing and safe keeping of the Arms and Accoutrements of his Corps, and also to appoint proper Persons to repair and keep such Arms in good State and Condition; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of the Subdivision in which any such Parish or Parishes shall be, and once in every Year at the least, to view such Arms and Accoutrements, for the Purpose of ascertaining the State and Condition thereof; and all reasonable Expences which shall or may be incurred in placing and keeping such Arms and Accoutrements, and in maintaining them clean and in proper Repair, Order and Condition, if approved of under the Hands of Two Deputy Lieutenants, or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, of the Subdivision in which such Arms and Accoutrements shall be deposited, shall, on Delivery to the Receiver General, if in England, of the County in which such Arms shall be deposited, of a Quarterly, Half Yearly or Yearly Account thereof, signed and approved by any Two Deputy Lieutenants, or One Deputy Lieutenant and One Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, together with the Certificate of the Commanding Officer of the Corps, or Captain of the Company to which such Arms shall belong, that the Arms are in good Repair, State, Order and Condition, be paid by such Receiver General as aforesaid, out of any public Monies in his Hands, and shall be allowed in the Account of such Receiver General as aforesaid: Provided always, that no Expence to be incurred as aforesaid shall exceed in Amount such Sum as His Majesty shall be pleased to authorize and direct, by any Order to be communicated through His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State, to the Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants of the County.

XLIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in Scotland the Accounts of all such Expences relative to the placing and keeping such Arms and Accoutrements, and maintaining them clean and in proper Repair, Order and Condition, certified in the Manner above directed, shall be transmitted to the Lord Chief Baron and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in, who are hereby

empowered to restrict the Amount to such Sum as they shall think reasonable, not exceeding such Sum as His Majesty shall have been pleased to authorize and direct in Manner aforesaid, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof out of the Revenues of the Land Tax, Assessed Taxes or Consolidated Duties of Customs or Excise, or any of them, which they shall think most proper to apply for this Purpose.

J XLIV. And

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 54.

551

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Arms delivered out Arms provided of the public Stores, or furnished at the public Expence, for the the Public Use of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, shall be marked sia emar e distinctly in some visible Place with the Letter V. and the initial of the County to which such Corps shall belong; and in case Selling Arms, any Man shall sell, pawn or lose any Arms, Accoutrements, Accoutrements, Clothing or Ammunition delivered to him, or shall wilfully c* damage any such Arms or Accoutrements, every such Man shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Penalty. Shillings; and if such Man shall not immediately pay such Penalty, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residingin or near the Place where the Offence shall be committed, to take Cognizance of the same, and to commit such Person as shall be convicted of such Offence before him to the next Gaol or House of Correction, to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Week, or until he shall have paid the said Penalty.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall Buying Anns, knowingly and wilfully buy, take in Exchange, conceal or other- Accoutrements, wise receive any Arms, Accoutrements or Clothing, or any Pub-lie Stores or Ammunition delivered for the Use of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, the Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if such Penalty. Offender shall not immediately pay such Penalty, and shall not have sufficient Goods and Chattels whereon to levy such Penalty by Distress in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid before whom he or she shall be convicted shall commit him or her to such Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of Three Months, or until he or she shall have paid the said Fine.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Persons When Corps of enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, whether Cavalry desir-any Infantry be attached to such Corps or not, or the Majority of ousofassem-them, when not summoned upon actual Service, or voluntarily as- Command*of sembled for the Purpose of doing Military Duty, and subjected the{r own Offi_ to Military Discipline, under the Provisions of this Act as afore- cers, County said, shall, through their Commanding Officer, signify in Writing Lieutenant, to the Lieutenant of the County wherein such Corps shall be Approba-raised, or in case of Vacancy, or in the Absence of the Lieute- °^nHls nant, to the Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants executing the Order for Office of the Lieutenant, their Desire to assemble under the Com- that Purpose, mand of their own Officers, at any convenient Place or Places and an Order within the same County, for the Purpose of being trained and any Justice exercised for any Space of Time not exceeding in the Whole ^shainssuie Fourteen Days, either successively or at Intervals, within the ^is PrecepTfor Space of Twelve Months, and either in separate Corps, or together billetting as with any other Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, who Regulars may shall also have signified their Desire of assembling for that Pur- be billetted. pose in like Manner, or with any Regiment, Troop or Troops of His Majesty's regular Forces of Cavalry, in case His Majesty shall think proper to give Directions to such of his Forces for that Purpose, it shall be lawful for such Lieutenant, Vice Lieutenant or Deputy Lieutenants respectively, in pursuance of the Desire of any such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, to be signified in Manner aforesaid, and with the Approbation of His

Nn Majesty,

152

C. 54.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Corps not subject to Mutiny Laws.

Majesty, signified by his Principal Secretary of State, to make an Order for assembling such Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and likewise to direct an Order to any Justice of the Peace of the County where such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry shall be appointed to assemble, specifying the Place or Places at which, and the Time or Times during which such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry are to continue so assembled under the Authority of this Act; and the Justice of the Peace to whom such Order shall be directed shall issue his Precept to the Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or other Peace Officer of the Place where such Corps are to be assembled, for quartering and billetting the Noncommissioned Officers, Trumpeters or Buglemen, and Privates of such Corps, upon such Persons and in such Houses, situate in or near the Place or Places specified in such Order, as His Majesty's Forces may by Law be quartered and billetted upon; and from and after the Receipt of such Precept, it shall be lawful for such Constable, Headborough, Tythingman or other proper Officer as aforesaid, and he is hereby required to billet the Noncommissioned Officers, Trumpeters or Buglemen, and Private Men, of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry in or near such Place or Places as aforesaid, and in such Manner as any of His Majesty's other Forces may by Law be quartered and billetted therein as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any such Corps to the Provisions of any Act then in force for the Punishment of Mutiny and Desertion, or any Articles of War made in pursuance thereof, by reason of any such assembling for the Purpose of being trained and exercised for any Space of Time not exceeding Fourteen Days as aforesaid. Acts for billet-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases, and ting His Majes- during the Times in which any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer tend^t^sudi Cavalry shall be quartered and billetted in pursuance of the Pro-Corps. visions of this Act, all and every the Powers, Provisions, Rules,

Penalties, Matters and Things, provided and established by any Act or Acts now or hereafter to be in force for quartering and billetting His Majesty's Forces, shall be used and put in practice for quartering and billetting such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Provisions, Rules, Penalties, Matters and Things, had been specially enacted in the Body of this Act, so far as the same shall by His Majesty be deemed applicable to Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Lieutenant, or Deputy Lieutenants, acting as aforesaid, of any County, shall have fixed the Day and Place of Exercise for any such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, he or they shall, as soon as may be, certify the same to the Secretary at.War or his Deputy, specifying the Number of Men, and the Number of Days appointed for exercising them, not exceeding in the Whole Fourteen Days; and the Secretary at War or his Deputy is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Receipt of such Certificate, to cause to be issued and paid to the Officer having the Command of each Corps, at the Rate of Two Shillings Day for each Volunteer of Yeomanry or of Volunteer Cavalry who shall attend the

Place

When Lieutenant fixed the Day and Place of Exercise, he shall certify to Secretary at War.

Pay issued.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 54.

553

Place of Exercise, and One Shilling and Four Pence Day for each Horse, Mare or Gelding, belonging to such Corps, and used in Exercise on that Day.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Officer having the Command of such Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry shall make up an Account of all the Monies received and paid by him, on account of such Exercise in the following Form:

County of

Dr.

s. d.

per Contra

Cr.

s.]d.

To Cash received for Days’ Pay of Men -

To Ditto for

Days’ Allowance for Horses -

Paid Yeomanry

Men, for their Attendance at the Place of Exercise on the Days appointed, being Days’ Pay -Paid Allowance

for Horses, used in Exercise for Days ......

Which Account shall be signed by the Officer having the Command of such Corps; and such Officer shall, within Ten Days after the Time such Exercise is finished, deliver such Account, and pay the Balance, if there be any due, to such Person as the Secretary at War or his Deputy shall order and direct.

[See c. 94.]

L. And be it further enacted, That all Money subscribed by or for the Use of any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, and all Arms, Stores, Ammunition, Drums, Fifes or Musical Instruments or other Articles, of whatever Kind or Sort the same may be, belonging to any such Corps or used by any such Corps, not being the Property of any particular Individual of such Corps, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Commanding Officer thereof, for all Purposes of Indictment, Action or Suit, Criminal or Civil, in Law or Equity, and shall for such Purpose be deemed and taken to be the Property of such Commanding Officer, and shall and may be laid so to be in any Indictment, or may be sued for and recovered as such, or may be stated to be such in any Action or Suit relating thereto; and no Indictment, Suit, Action or Prosecution shall be discontinued or abated by the Death, Resignation or Removal of any such Commanding Office, but the same may be proceeded in by the succeeding Commanding Officer, or the Commanding Officer for the time being; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

[See c. 94. post.~\

LI. And be it further enacted, That where any Person enrolled in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers shall neglect or refuse, on Demand made for that Purpose, to pay any Sum or Sums of Money subscribed or required by any Rules or Regulations of such Corps to be subscribed by him, towards any Expences thereof, or to pay any Fines or Penalties incurred under any of the

Rules

Form of Account of Commanding Officer which shall be delivered to Order of Secretary at War, and the Balance paid.

Subscriptions, Arms, &c. vested in Commanding Officers.

If Subscriptions or Fines be not paid, a Justice may direct Double the Amount to be paid, which may

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

554-

be levied by Distress.

Applicable to Stock of the Corps.

Justice may mitigate Penal ties.

Refusing to deliver up Arms provided at PublicExpence

[Penalty.]

C. 54.

Rules or Regulations thereof, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace residing in or near to the Place where such Corps shall be, on Application made for that Purpose by any Commanding or Field Officer, or Adjutant or Serjeant Major, under any Order of the Commanding Officer of any such Corps, and Proof thereof, to direct double the Amount thereof, to be paid as a Penalty or Forfeiture; and if such Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the same for the Space of Seven Days, then to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, rendering the Overplus, if any, on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and the Sums so levied shall go in the General Stock of such Corps, to be applied in the General Expences thereof, in like Manner as any Subscription or Sum of Money received by or for such Corps may be applied; or where there shall be no such Subscription or Stock of such Corps, then to any such Purposes relating to such Corps as the Commanding Officer thereof may think fit: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for such Justice of Peace Jo mitigate any accumulated Fines or Penalties, in such"Amount as he shall in his Discretion think fit, having regard to the Circumstances and Situation of the Party incurring the same; but so as that the Amount of such mitigated'Fines or Penalties shall not be less than One Half of the full Amount of such accumulated Fines and Penalties.

LII. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall have received, or may have in his Custody, Power or Possession, or shall hereafter receive or have in his Custody, Power or Possession, any Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Ammunition or Stores, or Drums, Fifes or Musical Instruments, or other Articles aforesaid, heretofore or that may hereafter be furnished from the Public Stores, or at the Public Expence, or at the Expence or Charge of any Subscription for providing such Articles, or of any Person or Persons, and who shall refuse or neglect, on being required by the Commanding Officer for the time being or by his Direction, to deliver up any such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Ammunition or Stores, or Drums, Fifes or Musical Instruments, or other Articles aforesaid, shall, on being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace of the County within which such Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Ammunition or Stores shall be, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Offence, and double the Value of the Arms, Accoutrements, Clothing, Ammunition or Stores so detained as aforesaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, after deducting the Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and sold; and for want of such sufficient Distress, such Justice is hereby required to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County, Riding or Place where the Offence shall have been committed for any Time not exceeding Two Months; and the Monies arising by such Penalty shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 54.

555

LIII. And be it farther enacted, That all Sams of Money paid by any Receiver General in pursuance of this Act, and returned into and allowed in the Receipt of His Majesty's Exchequer, shall be replaced to such Accounts as the same were by Law applicable, out of the First Aids and Supplies which shall be thereafter granted to His Majesty by Parliament.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks to Subdivision Meetings in 1England, shall receive such Reward for their Pains

and Trouble in and about the Execution of this Act, and for which they shall not be entitled to any Reward under any Laws relating to the Militia, as the Deputy Lieutenants assembled at any Meeting held for that Purpose, at which not less than Five Deputy Lieutenants shall be present, shall think reasonable and proper; such Reward to be paid and allowed as any Rewards to such Clerks respectively are paid and allowed under any such Laws relating to the Militia.

LV. And be it further enacted, That in Scotland such Rewards as the respective Clerks to the General Meetings of Lieutenancy, and Clerks of Subdivision Meetings, shall be entitled to for their Pains and Trouble in and about the Execution of this Act, shall be certified by the Lieutenant of the County where the same shall respectively be occasioned, or by any Two or more Deputy Lieutenants of such County, to the Lord Chief Baron and Barons . of the Court of Exchequer in Scotla, who are hereby empowered to restrict the Amount, and to grant Warrant for Payment thereof in the Manner hereinbefore directed, in the Case of Expences attending the placing and keeping of Arms and Accoutrements, and maintaining the same in good Repair, Order and Condition.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no future Rules or Regulations shall be valid or binding on any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers, or for any Purposes of this Act or for any other Purpose, unless the Commanding Officer of such Corps shall think fit to transmit the same to the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of the County in which such Corps shall have been or shall be formed, and unless the said Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of the County shall think proper to submit the same to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State; and such Rules and Regulations, so transmitted and submitted, shall, if not disallowed by His Majesty within Twenty eight Days after the Receipt thereof by His Majesty's Principal Secretary, of State, be considered as approved and confirmed; and the Lieutenant or Vice Lieutenant of the County shall signify such Approbation and Confirmation to the said Commanding Officer, to be forthwith communicated by him to his Corps; and the Rules and Regulations so transmitted, submitted, confirmed and communicated, shall be binding and valid for the Purposes of this Act, or for any other Purpose regarding the Services and good Conduct of such Corps.

LVII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent His Majesty from annulling at any Time, any Rules or Regulatiops which may have been or shall be made respecting any Corps of Volunteers.

LVIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That no Person who has accepted, or shall hereafter accept of a Commission

in

How Money paid by Receiver General replaced.

How Clerks to General and Subdivision Meetings in England rewarded.

Rewards in Scotland be certified to Barons of Exchequer.

No future Rules or Regulations for any Corps valid, unless submitted to Principal Secretary of State, and not disallowed by His Majesty.

His Majesty may annul Regulations.

Commissions not to vacate

556

C. 54.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Seats in Parliament.

Returns may vary from Form prescribed.

in any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteers in Great Britain or Ireland, shall be deemed in respect thereof to have vacated or to vacate his Seat as a Member returned to serve in Parliament.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Forms of Returns, Certificates and Schedules hereunto annexed, shall be deemed respectively valid and effectual for the several Purposes of this Act to which they apply; but that if, from any Variation of Circumstances or other Reason, the said Forms should not be strictly adhered to, Instruments of a similar Import shall nevertheless be admitted and received, and be held in like Manner valid and effectual.

Provisions re-

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Provisions, Directions, lating to Coun- Clauses, Matters and Things whatever in this Act contained, re-Riding^&c to to Counties, shall extend and be construed to extend to all

and to Corps Stewartries, Ridings, Divisions, Cities and Places in Great Bri-extended to In- tain; and all Provisions, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things

dependent whatever in this Act contained, relating to Corps of Yeomanry Troops or Com- or Volunteers, shall extend to and be construed and deemed to pames. extend to all Independent Troops of Yeomanry or Volunteer Ca-

valry and Companies of Infantry, as fully and amply as if they were severally and respectively repeated in every such Provision, Direction and Clause, and with relation to every such Matter and Thing.

" Act may be altered or repealed this Session. § 61.

[See

post, cap. 94.]

[Yeomanry and Volunteer Corps, •when assembled for suppression of Riot, &c. to be quartered with His Majesty's.

57 G. 3. c. 44. §1.]

SCHEDULE (A.)

To A.B. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

MUSTER ROLL of the Persons enrolled and serving in the of

commanded by

EFFECTIVES; {and, if entitled to Exemption, say) entitled to Exemption. EFFECTIVE SUPERNUMERARIES {if any) not entitled to Exemptions. NONEFFECTIVES.

No. Parish. Name, When enrolled. No. Parish. Name. When enrolled. No. Parish. Name When enrolled.

2 3 4 A. A.B. C.D. E.F. G.H.

5 6 7 8 L.M. N.O. P.Q. EFFECTIVE MEMBERS, entitled to Exemptions, Absent on Leave.

9 10 11 B. No. Parish. Name. When enrolled.

12 13

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 54.

557

Establishment allowed Supernumeraries allowed

Total Number

N.B. Discharged or quitted since the Date of the last Muster Roll:

A.B.

C.D. &c.

Total Number in the Corps ex-

--- empt under this Act from serving

in the Militia or other additional

--- Force -

D° - - not exempt from serving in the Militia or other additional Force -

Total Number of Men enrolled in the Corps -

I do hereby certify, That the above Corps Company, the Case may was inspected on the Day of by or,

has been ready and willing to be inspected in the last Four Months.

C.D. Signed, B.

Adjutant or Serjeant Major. Commanding Officer.

SCHEDULE (B.)

J K. L. Commanding Officer of the do hereby

certify upon my Honour, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act [here insert the Title of this ] That I have not, to the best of my Knowledge and Belief, inserted or caused to be inserted, in the above Muster Roll, as an effective Man, the Name of any Person who has not duly attended, properly armed and accoutred, and mounted [if Cavalry] [if Arms and Accoutrements have been supplied] at the Muster and Exercise of the said Corps [or, Company, as the Case may be], as required by the said Act, and who has not taken the Oath of Allegiance, or been absent on Leave given in pursuance of the said Act, or prevented by actual Sickness, as has been certified to me by a Medical Practitioner, or as has been otherwise proved to my Satisfaction, and who is not an effective Man.

Signed, K.

Dated the Commanding Officer.

[If Arms, Accoutrements, or Cloathing have not been received, such Circumstance must be specially certified.]

SCHEDULE (C.)

To A.B. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the of

T K. L. Commanding Officer of the of Yeomanry,

or Infantry [as the Case may be] serving in the County of or City of [as the Case may be]

do hereby certify, That C.D. of [Aw Description

and Parish] is an effective Member of the said Corps or Company [as the Case may be] within the Provisions of an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Signed, L.

Dated the Commanding Officer.

5 58

C. 54, 55.

4-4 GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (D.)

ABSTRACT of MUSTER ROLLS be transmitted by the Clerks of the General Meetings of Counties to His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State.

To His Majesty's Principal Secretary of State.

Abstract of Muster Rolls of Corps and Companies of Yeomanry and Volunteers, within the of received

by me, O. P. His Majesty's Lieutenant for the same, since the Day of in the Year

Names and Descriptions of Corps. Number of Persons enrolled and serving therein. Number of Persons exempt from Militia, and Army of Reserve. When Inspected, or if willing to be so.

1. Yeomanry 600 200 Inspected 25th October 180 .

2. 1 1 1 O A 700 100

3. Infantry - 1,000 600 Not Inspected, but willing to be so.

4. Artillery -D« - 700 400 D°

&c. &c. - - &c. &c.

SCHEDULE (E.)

FORM OF CERTIFICATE.

T Commanding Officer of the

do hereby certify, in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled Act [

. insert the Title of the Act] That the several Persons herein named and described are severally enrolled and serving in the said Corps as effective Members thereof, and were effective Members up to and on the Fifth Day of April preceding the Date of this Certificate.

Signed,

Commanding Officer.

Dated the Day of

CAP. LV.

An Act for more effectually preventing the Sale of Exciseable Liquors in Scotland by Persons not duly licensed; and for altering the Times of granting Licences to sell such Ex ciseable Liquors by Retail.

[5th June 1804.]

29G.2. c. 12.

WHEREAS by an Act, made in Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Licences

for retailing Beer, Ale and other exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting such Licences in Scotland;

and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session

in England, in.a certain Case therein a Stamp Duty

‘ of Twenty Shillings is imposed on Licences for selling Ale, Beer

‘ or

A.D. 1804. 44.° GEO. III. C. 55.

or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, to be raised, levied, collected and paid throughout Great, in Manner thereby

directed; and by another Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admissions into Corporations or Companies,

and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, the Provisions in the former Act, for issuing the said Licences, and for raising, levying, collecting and paying the Duties thereupon, are altered and amended; and by another Act, passed in the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional Duty upon Licences for retailing, Ale and other

ciseable Liquors, an additional Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence is granted on the said Licences; and by another Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty's Reign,

intituled An Act to amend so much of Two Acts, in the Twenty sixth and Twenty ninth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, as relates to the licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for better regulating -4 houses, and the Manner of granting such Licences in future; and also of granting Licences to Perso7is selling Wines to be drank in their Houses, the said Duty and an additional Duty are extended

to Persons selling Foreign Wines or British made Wines or i Sweets by Retail to be drank in their Houses or Places adjoining thereto; and by another Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of

His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the more effectual Prevention of selling Ale and other Liquors by Persons not duly licensed, so much of the said Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as is therein recited applicable to the pecuniary and corporal Punishment of Persons selling Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors in that Part of Great Britain called England, and Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, is repealed; and by another Act, passed in the Forty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty additional Stamp Duties on Cards and Dice; on Probates of Wills; on certain Indentures, Leases, Bonds or other Deeds; and on Ale Licences; an additional Stamp Duty of Ten Shillings and Six Pence is made payable throughout Great Britain on Licences for selling Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, by which last mentioned Act the said Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, is extended to -4 land; and it is enacted, that, from and after the first Day of November One thousand eight hundred and one, every Person in Scotland who should keep an Alehouse, Tippling House or Victualling House, or should sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, except in Fairs, without being licensed thereto according to the Directions of the several Acts now in force,

should be liable to the Penalty of Twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, which Penalty and Forfeiture should be recovered and applied as by the said Act is directed; and that all other the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, For- feitures, Incapacities and other Matters and Things prescribed

in the said Act, with respect to, Wales and Berwick

upon

559

5 G. 3.

24 G.3. sess.2. c. 30.

32 G.3. c. 59.

35 G. 3. c. 113.

41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. 86.

(§10

(§ 120

560

G. 55 *

44f° GEO. III. A.D. 1804..

(§13.)

So much of 41 G.3. c. 86. above recited repealed, &c.

Proviso respecting Licences for retailing Ale, &c. granted in Scotland by Magistrates of Burghs in October, or by Justices in Nov. 1805.

Licences in future how granted.

upon Tweed, should extend to Scotland, in like Manner, and be applied and put in practice in Scotland, as if the said Act had been expressly extended thereto; and it is thereby further enacted, that it should be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, Magistrates or other Persons empowered by any Law or Act or Acts in force to grant Licences to keep Alehouses, Tippling Houses or Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquor by Retail in Scotland, to grant such Licences on or immediately after the Fifteenth Day of in each Year, in like Manner, and with all such and the like Powers, and under and subject to the like Regulations, Provisions, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Licences are by Law granted on or immediately after the First Day of November in each Year, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, in any Act or Acts contained relating to the granting any such Licence in that Part of the

United Kingdom called Scotland, at the Period in each Year in which the same may be granted by Law, shall extend to and be in full Force in relation to the granting such Licences at the Period in each Year, in the said recited Act mentioned, and should be applied and enforced, and put in practice, in like Manner in every Respect for that Purpose, as if all such Clauses, 4 Powers, Provisoes, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things, were severally and separately re-enacted in and made Part of the said Act: And Whereas it has been found by Experience that the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, For- feitures and other Matters and Things prescribed by the said Act, passed in the Thirty fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, cannot be carried into full Effect in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and likewise that it is inexpedient to have Two Terms for issuing the Licences beforementioned, or to issue the same oftener than once in the Year, at the accustomed Term of Entry to and Removal from Houses in Scotland For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Act, passed in the Forty first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, as is above recited, shall be and is hereby repealed, except as to all Judgments obtained, or Prosecutions in Dependance or to be commenced for the Recovery of Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offence committed previously to the passing of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Licences for retailing Ale, Beer and other exciseable Liquors, to be granted by the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh within Scotland, or their Clerks, in the Month of October One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be and the same are hereby limited to the Fourteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, and that all such Licences to be granted by the Justices of Peace of any Shire or Stewartry within Scotland, or their Clerks, in the Month of November One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the same are hereby limited to the Twenty first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five; and that it shall not thereafter be lawful for any Magistrates of Royal Burghs, or Justices of the

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 55.

561

Peace within Scotland or their Clerks, or the Deputies of such Clerks, to issue any such Licence as aforesaid, at any other Time, or in any other Manner than is hereinafter mentioned; any Thing in any former Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That it shall, notwithstanding the Limit- Persons so K-ation aforesaid, be competent to and in the Power of the lawful censed in Oc-Holder or Holders of any such Licence or Licences to be issued toberor Novem-in October or November One thousand eight hundred and four, to ^re^jC^jgnue continue to retail Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, for the notwit^ full Space for which such Licence would be current but for the standing the Li -said Limitation, in case such Holder or Holders thereof shall, from mitation.

and after the Expiry of that Space, cease to retail Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, until he, she or they shall be again duly licensed under the Authority of this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the lawful Persons so li-Holder or Holders of any such Licence or Licences as aforesaid, censed entitled to be by virtue of this Act limited to the Fourteenth or Twenty to a Drawback first Days of May One thousand eight hundred and five, shall be ^Limit^ entitled to a Drawback at the Rate of Eighteen Shillings and Four ation Pence for each Licence, as a just Proportion of the Stamp Duties originally payable therefor, corresponding to the Period for which

the same would have remained current, but for the Limitation aforesaid, in case such Holder or Holders thereof either shall cease to retail exciseable Liquors at the Period to which the same are so limited, or shall at that Period obtain an}' new Licence or Licences under the Authority of this Act; and the Commissioners of Stamp Duties are hereby authorized and required to repay or make suitable Provision for repaying the said Sum of Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence, from the Produce of the corresponding Duties under their Management, to the Person or Persons who shall be duly entitled to receive the said Drawback, either at the Office or Place where the original Duties for the relative Licences have been paid, or at the Office or Place where such Person or Persons shall have Occasion to pay the Stamp Duties upon any new Licence or Licences as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifteenth No Person to

Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, in every Royal keeP Ale Burgh, and from and after the Twenty second Day of May One -House, &c. un-thousand eight hundred and five, in every Shire and Stewartry in less lcense that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, no Person shall directly

or indirectly, keep any Ale House, Tippling House or Victualling House, or sell Ale, Beer, Spirits, Strong Waters or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, but such Persons only as shall be annually admitted, allowed and licensed according to the Directions contained in this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Magistrates of each Magistrates of Royal Burgh within Scotland, shall yearly and every Year, on the Burghs to grant Fifteenth Day of May, or the next lawful Day thereafter, the First seiiw a1<T&c Meeting to be on the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight on the 15th hundred and five, assemble and meet together at the Time and May yearly. Place, when and where they usually have met for transacting the

Business of such Royal Burgh; and the said Magistrates, or any Two of them at least, shall at such annual Meeting admit, allow Geo. III. Oo and

562

C. 55.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Stamp Duty.

Fee.

In default of Magistrates, Justices for Shires may grant Ale Licences for Burghs, &c.

Justices in Shires to meet annually on May 22, and license Persons to sell Ale, &c.

Stamp Duty on Licence.

and license for the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as the said Magistrates, or Two of them at the least, shall think meet and convenient to keep Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors by Retail within every such Royal Burgh and the Royalty thereof; and the said Magistrates, or Two of them at the least, shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Person so by them admitted, allowed and licensed, a Licence ingrossed, written or printed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, signed by Two of the said Magistrates, and by the Clerk of such Royal Burgh, and legally stampt with a Stamp or Stamps denoting the said several Duties of Twenty Shillings, and Ten Shillings and Six Pence, and Ten Shillings and Six Pence, or the total Amount thereof, being Two Pounds One Shilling, for each of which Licences a Fee of One Shilling, over and above the said Stamp Duties, and no more, shall be paid and payable.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if in any Royal Burgh there shall not be a sufficient Number of Magistrates capable to grant Licences pursuant to the Qualification and Directions of this Act, at any of the Times when Licences for Ale Houses, Tippling Houses or Victualling Houses in the Royal Burghs, are hereby appointed to be granted; then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry in which such Royal Burgh or Boroughs shall be situated, to grant Licences for such Royal Burgh or Boroughs at the same Time and in the same Manner as they are hereby empowered to do for the Shire or Stewartry, and all Licences so granted for Royal Burghs by Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry, shall continue in force until the next annual Day for granting Licences according to this Act and no longer.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in each Shire and Stewartry within Scotland shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby empowered and required annually to assemble and meet together, in their respective Shires and Stewartries, on the Twenty second Day of Mai/, or on the next lawful Day thereafter, at the Hour and Place when and where the General Quarter Sessions for such Shire or Stewartry have usually been held, on the Twenty second Day of One thousand eight hundred and five, and at such annual Meeting to admit, allow and license for the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as the major Part of the Justices then assembled shall think meet and convenient, to keep Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, within such respective Shire or Stewartry, or in the Event before mentioned, within any Royal Burgh or Boroughs situated in such Shire or Stewartry; and the said Justices shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Person so by them admitted, allowed and licensed, a Licence ingrossed, written or printed upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, signed by the Preses of the said Meeting and by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Shire or Stewartry, and legally stamped with a Stamp or Stamps, denoting the said several Duties of Twenty Shillings, Ten Shillings and Six Pence, and Ten Shillings and Six Pence, or the total

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 55.

56B

Amount thereof, being Two Pounds One Shilling; for each of which Licences there shall be paid and payable a Fee of One Shil- Fee. ling to the Clerk of the Peace for his Trouble, over and above the said Stamp Duties, and no more.

IX. And be it further enacted, That neither His Majesty's Com- To what Per-missioners of Excise in Scotland or any of the Collectors or Supervisors of Excise, or any other Officers by the said Commis- Licences. sioners appointed to deliver Licences to the Retailers of any Spirituous Liquors or Strong Waters, shall grant or deliver any

such Licence to any Person who shall not produce a Licence, duly stamped, granted to him or her in due Form of Law, by Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, to sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail.

X. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Person Occupier, &c. licensed to sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, in Terms may

of this Act, shall die or remove from the Ale House, or other f^temovalTf Place wherein such Ale, Beer or other Liquors shall by virtue of person licensed, his or her Licence be sold, it shall and may be lawful for the Executors, Administrators and Assigns, of such Person so dying or removing, who shall be possessed of such House or Place, or ~ the Occupier thereof, to sell Ale, Beer or other Liquors therein, during the Residue of the Term for which such Licence shall have been granted to the Person so dying or removing.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall sell ^?rs<^s

Ale, Beer or other Liquors, by Retail, in any Prison or House prig0n deemed of Correction, or Workhouse appointed for the Reception of poor ^le House Persons, shall be deemed a Keeper of a common Ale House or Keepers. Tippling House, and shall be subject to the Penalties inflicted by Law on the Keepers of common Ale Houses and Tippling Houses, unless he or she shall obtain from the Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, according to due course of Law, a Licence (duly stamped) to retail such Beer, Ale or other exciseable Liquors.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Fif- ^erks of teenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and five, in case clerks of Peace the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh, or the Justices of the Peace -m default of the of any Shire or Stewartry within Scotland, shall in that or any Meeting of Ma-precedingf Year, neglect to assemble upon the Days, and at the gistratesor Time and Places beforementioned, in order to admit and license for Justices> may the Year then next ensuing, such and so many Persons as they shall £^fnt Licence» think meet and convenient to keep Ale Houses, Tippling Houses, Victualling Houses, or to sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, within their respective Boroughs, Shires and Stewartries, according to the Directions of this Act, then and in that Case it shall be lawful to the Clerk of any such Royal Burgh, or his lawful Deputy, and to the Clerk of the Peace of any such Shire or Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy respectively, and they are hereby required, after making an Entry or Record that the Magistrates or Justices of Peace aforesaid, had neglected to assemble in pursuance of this Act, to deliver or cause to be delivered, to every Person living or residing within such Royal Burgh, Shire or Stewartry respectively, who shall apply for the same, (unless such Person shall be disqualified to have a Licence,) a Licence engrossed, written or printed upon a Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, stamped with a Stamp or Stamps, denoting the several

564

C. 55.

44° GftO. Ill *

A.D. 1804.

and so in case of Magistrates or Justices not completely executing their Powers.

Clerks neglecting.

Penalty 101.

Costs of Sui(.

Duties beforernentioned, or the total Amount thereof, and signed by the Clerk of such Royal Burgh, or the Clerk of the Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or their lawful Deputies respectively; for each of which Licences there shall be paid and payable the Sums before mentioned in this Act and no more; and which Licences, so signed and delivered by the Clerk of any Royal Burgh, or the Clerk of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, or their lawful Deputies respectively, shall be, to all Intents and Purposes, as good and effectual to the Receiver or Receivers thereof, as if the same had been allowed, granted and signed, in a Meeting of the Magistrates of such Royal Burgh, or Justices of Peace of such Shire or Stewartry.

[Sect. 6. ante.]

XIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh or the Justices of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry within Scotland, assembled upon the Days appointed by this Act for executing the Powers thereby committed to them, shall find it necessary, it shall and may be lawful for them to continue or adjourn their Meeting to the next lawful Day, and no longer; and in case the Magistrates of any Royal Burgh, or the Justices of the Peace of any Shire or Stewartry, shall not upon one or other of those Days, completely execute the Powers committed to them by this Act, by allowing or refusing the Petition or Claim of every Person within their several Districts, who shall apply to them for a Licence to sell Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, then and in that Case it shall be lawful to the Clerk of such Royal Burgh, or his lawful Deputy, and to the Clerk of the Peace of such Shire or Stewartry, or his lawful Deputy respectively, and they are hereby required, after making an Entry or Record that the said Magistrates or Justices of Peace had not completely executed the Powers committed to them by this Act, to deliver or cause to be delivered to every Person who shall have so applied to the Magistrates or Justices of Peace aforesaid, and upon whose Application no Deliverance or Order shall have been made as aforesaid, a Licence duly stamped as aforesaid, and signed by such Clerk as before directed, which shall be as good and effectual to the Receiver thereof as if the same had been allowed, granted and signed in a Meeting of the said Magistrates or Justices respectively: Provided always, that no Clerk of any Royal Burgh or Clerk of the Peace, or their Deputies, shall grant any Licence under this Act at any other Time than within Three Days following the Days appointed by this Act for the Magistrates or Justices of Peace to grant the same.

XIV. And be it enacted, That in case the Clerk of any Royal Burgh, or any Clerk of the Peace, or their Deputies, shall in either of the Cases before expressed, refuse to sign and to deliver such Licence to any Person applying for the same as aforesaid, and offering Payment of the Stamp Duties with the foresaid Fee of One Shilling, then each of them so offending shall forfeit and pay to each and every Person to whom or for whose Behoof such Licence ought to have been delivered as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten Pounds, with full Costs of Suit; to be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, in Manner hereinafter directed,

-• - XV. And

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III.

C.

565

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of each Royal Burgh, and the Clerk of the Peace of each Shire and Stewartry respectively, shall be holden and obliged annually to make up a true and exact List in a Book or Register to be kept for that Purpose, of the Names, Designations or Additions and Places of Abode of all Persons within their respective Districts, to whom Licences for retailing Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors shall be delivered in pursuance of this or the aforesaid Act, which List shall be signed in the Book or Register aforesaid by the Clerk of each Royal Burgh, or Clerk of the Peace of each Shire or Stewartry, or their lawful Deputies respectively, and shall be carefully prer served with the other Records under their Care; and the Clerk of each Royal Burgh, and the Clerk of the Peace of each Shire or Stewartry, and their Deputies respectively, shall be holden and obliged, on or before the Twenty fifth Day of in every Year, to transmit to the Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh an exact Copy of such List taken from the said Book or Register, duly attested and signed by such Clerk or his Deputy, and in case any Clerk or his Deputy shall neglect or fail to make up and sign such List in a Book or Register as above directed, or shall neglect or fail to transmit an exact Copy of such List as entered in the said Book or Register to the Collector of the Stamp Duties at Edinburgh as above required, the Person or Persons offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, in Manner hereinafter directed; and in case any such Clerk or his Deputy shall wilfully omit to insert in the aforesaid Register, or in the Copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid, the Name of any Person who shall be licensed to retail Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, within their several Districts, or shall wilfully insert in such Register, or Copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid, the Name of any Person as licensed who shall not have been so licensed, such Clerk shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Shillings for each Person licensed whose Name shall be omitted to be inserted in the said Register or Copy thereof, to be transmitted as aforesaid; and Five Pounds for each Person not licensed, whose Name shall be inserted in such Register or Copy thereof; to be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court of the Shire or Stewartry within which the Person so offending shall reside, in Manner hereinafter directed.

XVI. And be it enacted, That every Person in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, who, after the passing of this Act, shall keep an Ale House, Tippling House or Victualling House, or shall sell Ale, Beer, Spirits or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, except in Fairs, or who shall sell Foreign Wines or British made Wines or Sweets, by Retail, to be drank in their Houses or Places adjoining thereto, without being licensed according to the directions of this Act, or the former Acts before noticed, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner hereinafter mentioned, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay for the First Offence the Sum of Five Pounds, for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the Third or any subsequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

Clerks to annually make a List of Persons licensed, and transmit Copy to Collector of Stamp Duties at Edinburgh.

Penalty 101.

Undue Omission or Insertion of Names.

[Penalty.]

Keeping Ale Houses, &c. without Licence.

[Penalty.]

First Offence, 51. Second, lOl.

566

C. 55.

44° GEO. III.

A.D. 1804.

Subsequent Offence, 201. and Forfeiture of Licence.

Mitigation of Penalties for First and Second Offences.

What Proof ne. cessary for Conviction.

Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures,

Distress.

Proviso as to Time of executing Warrant of Distress.

and shall, after the said Third Offence, be incapable of keeping an Ale House, Tippling House or Victualling House, or of selling Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, by Retail, or of having any Licence for such Purpose thereafter; all which respective Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be sued for and recovered before the Sheriff or Stewart Court, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace of the Shire or Stewartry, or the Baillie Court of any Royal Burgh, within whose Jurisdiction respectively the Offender or Offenders shall reside, by any Person who shall inform, and sue and prosecute for the same:Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the Judge or Judges before whom any Prosecution shall be brought for a First or Second Offence in selling exciseable Liquors without the Licence hereinbefore prescribed, if he or they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen the foresaid Penalties to the Extent of One Half, but no further, so that the Judge or Judges shall not be at Liberty to reduce the Penalty for a First Offence below Two Pounds Ten Shillings, or the Penalty for a Second Offence below Five Pounds; and in every case of Mitigation, the Expences of Conviction must be awarded against the Offender over and above the mitigated Penalties.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons sued or prosecuted for retailing as aforesaid, without Licence, may and shall be legally convicted thereof, on their own Confession, or on the Oath of One credible Witness, or upon Evidence, by the Stock Book or other Accounts kept by the Gauger or Officer of Excise, which he is required to produce, attested by the Oath of such Gauger or Officer, that the Person so sued or prosecuted has been charged or surveyed as Victualler or Retailer, and has been charged with the same Duties of Excise that Victuallers and Retailers are usually charged with and pay for all Beer and other exciseable Liquors within the Period mentioned in the Information, Complaint or other Process.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures

hereinbefore described may be sued for or prosecuted before the respective Courts hereinbefore appointed, by summary Complaint or ordinary Action, within Six Months after the committing of the Offence, and shall be payable, One Moiety thereof to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons who shall sue or prosecute for the same, and may be recovered and levied either by the usual Execution of the Law of Scotland, or by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender (rendering to him or her the Overplus after the Charges of the said Distress and Sale shall be deducted) , by a Warrant, signed by the Judge, Justice or Magistrate, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, and which Warrant shall contain Power to enter Houses, and break open Doors, in order to make such Distress effectual, and may be carried into Execution without Necessity of any previous Intimation of the Conviction: Provided always, that no such Warrant for Distress shall be parried into Execution before the Expiration of Six Days after the Conviction of every such Offender; and the Clerk or Clerks of the respective Courts aforesaid before whom any Conviction of any of the Offences aforesaid shall proceed, shall, and they are hereby required carefully to preserve the whole Grounds and Warrants of

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 55. 567

every such Conviction amongst the other Records of such Court, and shall not be obliged to return or certify the same to any other Court, any Thing in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Process or Sentence under the Authority of this Act shall be subject to the Review of the Court of Session in Scotland, but that it shall and may be lawful to any Person or Persons who shall think him, her or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence or Decree of any Judge, Justice or Magistrate convicting him, her or them of any of the Offences aforesaid described in this Act, within Three Days after the Date of such Decree or Sentence, to appeal to the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh, which Appeal shall either be taken in open Court, in presence of the Judge, Justice or Magistrate, who shall have pronounced the Decree or Sentence appealed from, by a Writing signed by the Appellant or his Procurator, or at the Office of the Clerk of such Court, by a Writing signed as aforesaid, all which Appeals the Clerk of such Court shall carefully lodge and preserve along with the Proceedings in the original Suit; and the Person or Persons so appealing shall, within Six Days after lodging such Appeal, give in to the Clerk of the Said Court his Reasons of Appeal, and a Bond with a sufficient Surety to prosecute the said Appeal with Effect, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her or them in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed from be affirmed, and which Reasons of Appeal and Bond shall likewise be lodged and preserved by the said Clerk along with the Proceedings in the original Suit; and in case the Person or Persons so appealing shall neglect to give in his Reasons of Appeal and Bond to prosecute the same as above required, the Appeal shall be holden as passed from, and the Sentence or Decree against which the Appeal was taken shall, to all Intents and Purposes, become final, and be carried into Execution according to the Directions of this Act; and in case the Reasons of Appeal and Bond for prosecuting the same shall be duly lodged as aforesaid, the Clerk of the Court appealed from shall and is hereby required, within Fourteen Days after the Date of such Appeal, to transmit to the Solicitor of the Stamp Duties at, a full Extract of

the whole Proceedings in the original Suit, and of the Decree or Sentence following thereupon, and of the Appeal and Reasons of Appeal and Bond for prosecuting the same, duly signed by him or his lawful Deputy, for which he shall be entitled to receive the ordinary Fees of an extracted Decree, and which Extract the Solicitor of the Stamp Duties shall immediately lodge in the Office of the King’s Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, and so soon as such Extract shall be so lodged, it shall and may be lawful to either Party, Appellant or Respondent, to apply to the Barons of the said Court, or any One of them, as well out of Term Time as in Term Time, in order to have a Day appointed for hearing and determining such Appeal, and the said Barons, or any of them, shall accordingly appoint such Day as -they shall think proper, of which due Notice shall be given by the Party who applied for such Day to the other Party in the said Appeal, Ten

Oo 4 Days

Persons aggrieved may appeal to Court of Exchequer, &c.

Security for prosecuting Appeal.

If Reasons of Appeal lodged. Clerk of the Court appealed from to transmit Proceedings as herein directed.

Application thereupon for Day of hearing Appeal.

568

C.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

One Baron may determine such Appeal either in or out of Term.

Days at least before the Day for hearing and determining such Appeal.

XX. And be it enacted, That the said Barons, or any One of them, shall, and he or they is or are hereby empowered, as well out of Term Time as in Term Time, to hear and determine such Appeal, and to give such Judgment thereupon as to him or them shall seem just, and to award full Costs of Suit in case the Appeal shall be dismissed, or the Sentence or Decree appealed from shall be affirmed, which Judgment shall be final to all Intents and Purposes, and subject to no other Review whatsoever; and the said Barons, or any One of them, who shall give such Judgment, may and shall grant Warrant for levying the Sum or Sums awarded by such Judgment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons against whom such Judgment shall be given, and his, her or their Surety or Sureties, and for such other Execution of the Law, in the same Way and Manner as the inferior Judge, Justice or Magistrate before whom the original Suit was brought, might have done for levying any of the Penalties inflicted by this Act.

XXI. And Whereas it is expedient that Persons empowered f to grant Licences by virtue of this Act should not be swayed by Interest in the Execution of the Powers vested in them Be it No Justice or therefore enacted, That no Justice of the Peace or Magistrate in is*a Brewer IkT any Shire, Stewartry or Royal Burgh, in that Part of Great Bri

Distress for Sum awarded.

to act in any Meeting for granting Xicences.

Penalty 501.

How divided.

Actions to be laid in the Court of Exchequer at Edinburgh.

tain called Scotland, who is a Brewer, Maltster, Distiller or Retailer of Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, or is concerned in Partnership or otherwise with any Brewer, Maltster, Distiller or Retailer of Ale, Beer or other exciseable Liquors, at any of the Time or Times when any of the Powers in this Act are to be executed, shall act in any of the Meetings for granting any Licence or Licences, or shall convict or join in any Conviction, directed by this Act; and every Magistrate or Justice of the Peace who shall offend in any of the Premises shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered by any Person who will sue for the same, within Six Months after such Offence is committed, by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called,

in which no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; which said Penalty of Fifty Pounds shall be paid, One Moiety thereof to the Person who sues for the same, and the other Moiety to the Collector of the Cess for the Shir-e or Stewartry within which such Justice or Magistrate has offended, to be applied for the Reparation of the Highways or Bridges in such Shire or Stewartry, in such Manner as the Persons who by Law have the ordering and directing of such Reparations, shall think proper.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action, Suit or other Prosecution, shall be had, brought or prosecuted, against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of any Act, Matter or Thing, by him, her or them done or committed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, that then, in every such Case," the Action, Suit or Prosecution shall be laid and prosecuted in the Court of Exchequer in Edinburgh, and not elsewhere; and that in every such

Action, Suit or Prosecution, the Defendant

or

Defendants may plead

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 55 — 58.

569

plead the General Issue, and give this Act and any other Act or Acts of Parliament, and any other Matter or Thing in Evidence; and in case there shall be a Verdict or Verdicts therein for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgment therein shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become nonsuited, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall discontinue such Action or Suit, that then, and in every such Case, the Defendant and Defendants in every such Action, Suit or Prosecution, shall recover his, her or their Treble Costs of Suit.

CAP. LVI.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of England.

[29th June 1804.]

I [Repealed, except as to Families Men serving under 43 G. 3.

c. 82, 83.-46 G.3. c. 51.§1.]

CAP. LVII.

An Act to exempt from Duties on Export all Linens of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Interests of the Empire require that every i practicable Encouragement should be given to the* Linen; Manufacture thereof:’ May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, no Duty whatever shall be payable on the Export of any Linen of the Manufacture of any Part of the United Kingdom; but that all Linen of the Manufacture of the United Kingdom shall and may be exported free to any Place whatsoever, and without Payment of any Custom, Subsidy or Duty whatsoever; any Thing contained in any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. LVIII.

An Act for directing certain Public Accounts of Ireland to be laid annually before Parliament.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient that the Public Accounts of Ireland should be prepared and made ready and laid before both Houses of Parliament within a limited Time after

the Close of each Year; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; ’ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of

Lord

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

No Duty payable on Export of Linen of U.K.

Treasury of Ireland shall annually before 5th March

570

C. 58, 59.

H° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

cause Accounts of Revenues, &c. of Ireland, to be made up to 5th January in each Year, and laid before Parliament.

25 G.3. c. 80.

37 G. 3. c. 90.

Lord High Treasurer of Ireland for the time being, shall annually cause an Account of the total Public Income of in-

cluding all its ordinary Revenues and extraordinary Revenues, to be prepared and made out for One Year, ending the Fifth Day of January in each Year, together with an Account of the Income of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland for every such Year, and of the actual Payment thereon within the said Year, and of the future annual Charge upon the said Fund, as the same stood on that Day; and also an annual Account of the Net Produce of the Taxes within the said Year; and also an Account of the Arrears and Balances due from all public Accountants on the said Fifth Day of January in each Year; and also an Account of the Exports and Imports of Ireland, and of the Shipping registered in or belonging to the several Ports of Ireland, within the said Year; and also an Account of the Public Expenditure of Ireland within the said Year; and also an Account of the Public funded Debt of Ireland, and the Reduction thereof; and also an Account of the unfunded and outstanding Debts of Ireland, as the same stood respectively on the Fifth Day of January in each Year; and also an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of Ireland for the Year preceding the said Fifth Day of January have been disposed of; and also an Account of the Receipts and Issues of the Treasury of Ireland within the said Year, together with the Balance thereof at the End of the said Year; and that the said Lords Commissioners shall in each Year cause such Account to be laid before both Houses of Parliament, on or Before the Fifth Day of March in each Year, if Parliament shall be then sitting, or if Parliament shall not be then sitting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

CAP. LIX.

An Act to indemnify Solicitors, Attornies and others, who have neglected to enter Certificates within the Time limited by an Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty; and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the entering such Certificates.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for

granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Certificates to he taken out by Solicitors, Attornies and others practising in certain Courts

of Justice in Great Britain, and certain other Duties faith respect to Warrants, Mandates and Authorities, to be entered or filed of

4 Record as therein mentioned, certain Duties were granted on

Certificates to be taken out by any Solicitor, Attorney Notary,

4 Proctor, Agent or Procurator, of his Admission, Enrolment or Register, in any of the Courts therein mentioned: And Whereas '< by another Act, passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His

Majesty certain Stamp Duties on the several Matters therein

mentioned, and for better securing the Duties on, to be

taken out by Solicitors, Attornies and others practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain, it was enacted, that, from

and after the Time in the said first recited Act mentioned,

A.D. 1804.

44.o GEO. III. C. 59.

571

every Person admitted, sworn, enrolled or registered a Solicitor,

Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, or in any other of the Courts in the said Act specified, should annually, between the First Day of November and the End of Michaelmas Term then next following, during such Time as he should continue to practise in any of the said Courts, or before such Person should commence, carry on or defend any Action or Suit, or any Proceedings whatsoever in any of the said Courts, deliver in to the Person or Persons in the said last recited Act in that Behalf mentioned, a Paper or Note in Writing to the Effect therein directed; and that thereupon and upon Payment of the Duties imposed by the said Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, every such Person should be entitled to such Certificate as in the said recited Act is mentioned;

and that every Certificate so to be obtained, should be entered in One of the Courts in which the Person described therein should be admitted, enrolled, sworn or registered, with the proper Officer or Officers of the said Courts, within the Time therein before prescribed, before such Person should be admitted to practise: And Whereas several of the Persons who by the said last recited Act are required to obtain and enter the Certificate therein mentioned, have, without any Intention to defraud His Majesty's Revenue, neglected or omitted to obtain and enter the said Certificate within the Time limited by the said last mentioned Act; by reason whereof such Persons have incurred the Penalty thereby imposed, and are subject to Actions for the same, notwithstanding they have afterwards obtained and entered such Certificates and paid the Duty thereon: And 4 Whereas some Actions have been commenced and are depending,

and other Actions may be commenced against such Persons for the Recovery of Penalties incurred by them: And Whereas it is expedient that Relief should be given in the Cases before mentioned, and that the said Act should be amended, as far as the same relates to the Time of Entiy of such Certificates May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Person who by the said last recited Act is required to enter his Certificate in the said Act mentioned, shall have neglected or omitted to enter the same within the Time prescribed by the said Act, but who shall nevertheless afterwards, and before the Commencement of any Action for Recovery of the Penalty imposed by the said Act for such Neglect or Omission, have entered or shall enter such Certificate in Manner therein directed, provided that such Certificate hath been obtained in Manner and Time by the said recited Act directed, and shall be entered on or before the Commencement of Hilary Term (a) next ensuing, as hereinafter mentioned and directed, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be and is hereby indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities and Disabilities incurred or (a)[See54 G. 3. c. 144. § 13, 14.]

to

Persons neglecting to enter their Certificates pursuant to 37 G.3. c. 90. indemnified, if entered before next Hilary Term, &c.

572

C. 59.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

In Actions, before passing this Act, for Recovery of Penalties for Neglect, Plaintiffs to recover only Costs, and an additional Sum of 101,

except where final Judgment shall have been entered up on or before Jan. 23, 1804.

37 G. 3. c. 90.

§ 27. repealed.

Instead of the 1st of November, Entry of Certificates may be made any Time before Hilary Term.

to be incurred for or by reason of such his Neglect or Omission as aforesaid; and all Acts done by such Person shall in such Case be of the same Force and Validity as the same or any of them would have been in case such Person had entered the said Certificate within the Time and in Manner by the said last recited Act limited and directed.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Actions shall before the passing of this Act have been brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for or by reason of such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid, and which Person or Persons shall have obtained and entered his or their Certificates in the Manner directed by the said last recited Act before the Commencement of such Action or Actions, that then such Person or Persons shall not be liable to the Payment of any Penalty for or on account of such Neglect or Omission, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions shall not recover or be entitled to recover, in respect thereof, more than his or their Costs which may have been actually incurred in such Action or Actions up to the Twenty third Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, to be taxed by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall have been brought, together with the further Sum of Ten Pounds in Addition to such Costs; and the Person or Persons against whom any such Action shall have been brought, shall, upon Payment or Tender made to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or to the Attorney or Attornies employed in prosecuting such Action or Actions, of the Costs so taxed as aforesaid, and of the said additional Sum of Ten Pounds as aforesaid, be wholly indemnified, freed and discharged from and against all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by reason of any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to indemnify any Person against whom final Judgment shall have been regularly obtained and entered up, on or before the said Twenty third Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, in any Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record brought for Recovery of any Penalty or Penalties incurred by reason of any such Neglect or Omission as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act made in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as requires such Certificate as aforesaid to be entered in the Manner in the said Act mentioned before the End of Michaelmas Term in the Year in which the same shall be obtained, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, who by the said last recited Act is or are required to obtain such Certificate, in any Year after the First Day of, to enter

the same at any Time before the Commencement of Hilary Term then next following; and every Certificate so entered as last aforesaid shall be as good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been entered within the Time for that Purpose limited by the said last recited Act,

A.D. 1804.

44° G^O. III.

C. 60.

6 73

CAP. LX.

An Act for the preventing of Bribery and Corruption in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham.

[99th June 1804.]

WHEREAS there was the most notorious Bribery and Corruption at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury in the County of Buckingham: And Whereas such Bribery and Corruption is likely to continue and be practised in the said Borough in future, unless some Means are taken to prevent the same: In order therefore to prevent such unlawful Practices for the future, and that the said Borough may from henceforth be duly represented in Parliament Be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for every Freeholder, being above the Age of Twenty one Years, who shall have within the Three Hundreds of Aylesbury, or One or more of them, in the County of

Buckingham, a Freehold of the clear yearly Value of Forty Shillings, to give his Vote at every Election of a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right of Election of a Member or Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Aylesbury shall be and is hereby declared to be in such Freeholders as aforesaid, and in the Persons who, by the Custom and Usage of the said Borough, have or shall hereafter have a Right to vote at such Election; and the proper Officer for the time being, to whom the Return of every Writ or Precept does belong, is hereby required to return the Person or Persons to serve in Parliament for the said Borough who shall have the major Number of Votes of such Freeholders, and other Persons having a Right to vote at such Election; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided always, that such Freeholders only shall be entitled to vote as shall be duly qualified to vote at Elections for Knights of the Shire for the said County of Buckingham, according to the Laws now in being for regulating County Elections.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Freeholder,

before he is admitted to poll at any Election for the said Borough, shall, if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any other Person having a Right to vote at the said Election, first take the Oath, or being One of the People called, the solemn Af-

firmation following; videlicet,

J do swear, [or being a Quaker, solemnly affirm,] that I am a Freeholder in the Three Hundreds of Aylesbury, or any One or more of them, in the County of Buckingham, and have a Freehold Estate, consisting of [specifying

the Nature thereof, and if it consists in Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Tylhes, in "whose Occupation the same are; and if in Rent, the Names of the Owners or Possessors of the Tenements out of which such Rent is issuing, or of some of situate,

lying

Qualification of Voters for the Borough of Aylesbury.

Right of Election for Aylesbury in such Freeholders and Persons having a Right by Custom of the Borough to vote, &c.

Freeholders, before voting, to take the following

Oath or Affirmation.

574 *

C. 60.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Taking a sale Oath, Perjury, as under 5 Eliz. c. 9. &

2 G.2. c. 25.

Officer to indorse on Writ for Election, the Day of receiving, and give Notice of Day of Election.

Act read before Election.

lying or being at in the aforesaid Hundreds, or

1 in One or more of them, of the clear yearly Value of over and above all Rents and Charges payable out of or in respect of the same; and that I have been in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, for my own Use, above Twelve Calendar Months, [orthat the same came to me within the Time aforesaid by Descent, Marria, Marriage De-

vise, or Promotion to a Benefice in a, or by Promotion to

an Office], and that such Freehold Estate has not been granted or made to me fraudulently on purpose to qualify me to give my Vote; and that the Place of my Abode is at 1 in and that I am Twenty one Years of Age,

as I believe; and that I have not been polled before at this Election. ’

Which Oath or solemn Affirmation the proper Officer to whom the Return of any Writ or Precept for such Election shall belong, is hereby required to administer; and in case any Freeholder or other Person taking the said Oath or Affirmation hereby appointed, shall thereby commit wilful Perjury, and be thereof convicted; or if any Person shall unlawfully and corruptly procure or suborn any Freeholder or other Person to take the said Oath or Affirmation, in order to be polled, whereby he shall commit such wilful Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they for every such Offence respectively shall incur such Penalties as are inflicted on Persons guilty of Perjury or Subornation of Perjury in and by Two Acts of Parliament, One made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled An Act for punishing such Persons as shall procure or commit wiful Perjury, or suborn or procure any Person to commit any wilful or corrupt Perjury, and the other made in the Second Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the more effectual preventing and further Punishment of Forgery, Perjury and Subornation of Perjury, and to make it Felony to steal Bonds, Notes other Securities for Payment of Money, contrary to the said Acts.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such proper Officer to whom any Writ or Precept shall be directed for making any Election for the said Borough, shall, upon the Receipt of such Writ or Precept, indorse upon the Back thereof the Day of his Receipt thereof, in the Presence of the Party from whom he received such Precept, and shall forthwith cause public Notice to be given within the said Borough of Aylesbury, and the several Towns of Great»Missenden, Wendover and Haddenham, by affixing up a Notice thereof in Writing on the Market Houses, or on the Doors of the Churches of the said Towns, of the Day of Election, and shall proceed to Election thereupon within the Space of Twelve Days, and not less than Eight Days next after his Receipt of the same Precept.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be publicly read at every Election for the said Borough of Aylesbury immediately after the Acts directed by any Act of Parliament to be read thereat, and before the Persons present shall proceed to make such Election.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 61, 6% 63.

515

CAP. LXI.

An Act to amend Two Acts, made in the Eighteenth and Thirty ninth Years of His present Majesty, for the erecting a Court House for the holding of Sessions of the Peace in the City of Westminster; and for purchasing certain Buildings and Ground between Margaret, Union

Street and King Street, in the said City, for the Use of the Public.

[29th June 1804.]

[See 45 G.3. c. 115. — 46 G. 3. c. 89. — Amended by 47 G. 3.

Sess. 2. c. lxvii. — See 54 G. 3. c. 70. — 1 2 G. 4. c. 45.

CAP. LXII.

An Act for making further Provision for making and maintaining an Inland Navigation, commonly called The Caledonian Canal, from the Eastern to the Western Sea by Inverness and Fort William in S.

[29th June 1804.]

CAP. LXIII.

An Act for vesting the capital Messuage with the Appurtenances, situate in Kevin Street, in the City of, called

The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint,

in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors; and for applying the Purchase Money, together with another Sum therein mentioned, in Manner and for the Purposes therein mentioned.

[29th June 1804.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable and most Reverend Father in God Charles Viscount Somerton Lord Archbishop of Dublin, is seised in Right of his See of, of a capital

4 Mansion House, with the Offices, Gardens and Appurtenances,

situate in Kevin Street in the Liberty of Saint ad-

jacent to the City of Dublin, called or known by the Name of The Palace of the Archbishop of Dublin at Saint Sepulchre’s 4 And Whereas since the Death of the most Reverend Robert late Archbishop of Dublin, his Grace’s immediate predecessor, an Account hath been adjusted between the Representatives of the said Robert and the said Charles now Lord Archbishop of,

of the Dilapidations incurred on the said Mansion House, Offices and the Premises thereunto belonging, and the same hath been ascertained to amount to the Sum of Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, Irish Currency,

and no more: And Whereas the said Mansion House hath of late Years been suffered to go into very great Decay, and cannot be rendered fit for the Habitation of an Archbishop of Dublin without considerable Expence: And Whereas the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin having come to an Agreement with the Representatives of the most Reverend Robert late Archbishop of Dublin, has accepted the Sum of Nine hundred and twenty

three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, to be paid by such Representatives for Dilapidations of such Mansion House and Offices, notwithstanding such Representatives have de-

manded

Recital that Archbishop of Dublin in Right of his See is seised of the Palace thereof.

Amount of

Dilapidations

thereto.

Agreement with Represen- -tatives of late Archbishop as to the Dilapidations.

576

C. 63.

44.° GEO. III.

A.D. 1804.

The Sale of the present Palace and Offices applicable for public Purposes.

Agreement with the Treasury of Ireland for the Purchase of the old Palace and Offices.

The Premises of the old Palace, on Payment of its estimated Value, vested in His Majesty, free from Incumbrances.

1 manded of the said Charles Lord Archbishop of the Sum

‘ of Eight hundred and eighty five Pounds Seven Shillings and Ten

Pence, as Three fourths of One thousand one hundred and eighty Pounds Ten Shillings and Five Pence Farthing, for which the

said Representatives allege that Certificates were obtained under Two Acts of Parliament passed in the Tenth Year of King

4 Ham the Third, and the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, notwithstanding the said House and Offices have been left in a very ruinous and neglected Condition, and which Sum of Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence is entirely inadequate to the Expence necessary to put the said House and Offices in complete Repair, and render the same fit for the Residence of an Archbishop of Dublin: And Whereas the Piece of Ground whereon the said Mansion House and Offices now stand is of considerable Extent, and the same, with the Buildings now standing thereon, have been estimated to be of the Value of Seven thousand Pounds, 4 Irish Currency, and the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin

not having hitherto resided therein, and being desirous of obtaining some other House for the Residence of himself and his Successors, and the said Piece of Ground being capable of being applied advantageously for the public Service, it has been proposed, on Behalf of His Majesty, that the same should be purchased for the public Service at the Price of Seven thousand Pounds: And Whereas in pursuance of such Proposal an Agreement has been made between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, in that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, on Behalf of His Majesty, and the said Charles Lord

Archbishop of Dublin, and reduced into Writing, and signed by Three Lords of the said Treasury and the said Lord Archbishop, and bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and four, for the Purchase and Sale of the said Mansion House, Offices and Ground, in case they should be enabled so to do by the Authority of Parliament; and reciting, 4 that upon proper Surveys taken and Calculations made thereon, it hath appeared and been agreed on between them, that a clear Sum of Seven thousand Pounds Irish Currency, would be a full Price and adequate Consideration for said Mansion House, 4 Offices and Grounds, and other Purposes herein mentioned: But 4 inasmuch as this Purchase and Sale cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, it was also agreed, that One Moiety of the Expences of obtaining an Act of Parliament, 4 authorizing such Sale, and directing the Application of the said Purchase Money, should be paid out of the said Seven thousand Pounds, and that the other Moiety should be paid by His Majesty's Treasury on Behalf of His Majesty, in addition to the said Seven thousand Pounds: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enactedAnd be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, and upon Payment of the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, on Behalf of His Majesty, into the Bank of, as herein directed,

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III.

C.

377

by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, and which they or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to cause to be issued and paid out of the Consolidated Fund of all that the said

capital Mansion House, situate in Kevin Street, in the Liberty of Saint Sepulchre's, adjacent to the City of Dubcommonly called

or known by the Name of The Palace of the Archbishop at Saint Sepulchres; and also all Houses, Outhouses, Edifices,

Buildings, Gardens, Yards, Tenements and Hereditaments, to the said Mansion House belonging, with ail and every the Rights,

Members, Privileges, Immunities, Exemptions, Ways, Paths, Passages, Easements, Commodities, Emoluments, Advantages and Appurtenances, to the said Mansion House and Premises, or any Part thereof belonging, and usually held and enjoyed therewith, shall be and be deemed to be, and are hereby declared' to be vested in, and the same is and are hereby from henceforth vested in and annexed to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and shall be and remain for ever unalienable from the same; and His Majesty,

His Heirs and Successors, in the Imperial Crown of this Realm, shall for ever have, hold and enjoy the same absolutely freed, dis--charged, acquitted, exempted and exonerated, of, from and against all and all Manner of former Gifts, Grants, Charters, Titles, Estates,

Leases or other Incumbrances whatsoever, made or granted of the said Mansion House, Messuage and Premises, and all and all Manner of Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Duand his Successors in the said See of Dublin, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate or Interest therein, as Part or Parcel of the Estate or Temporalities of the said See of

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Monies re* the said Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings clve5* un<*er and Seven Pence, Irish Currency, shall be paid by the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin, into the Bank of Ireland, within Three Bank of Ire-Months after the passing of this Act, and the said Sum of Seven land, and to be thousand Pounds shall be in like Manner paid into the said Bank applied under by the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, within Bn-C?ctl0rt the same Period of Three Months after the passing of this Act, chancery there and the said Sums shall be respectively so paid without Fee, Reward or Deduction, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to an Account there, to be intituled The Fund for providing a See House for the Archbishop of Dublin, which said Account the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, are hereby authorized and required to take and keep, and as soon as conveniently may be after such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been so paid into the said Bank as aforesaid (the same except so much, and such Part or Parts thereof as shall be applied in Payment of the Costs and Charges hereinafter authorized) shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery by the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being, or by His Majesty's Attorney General, on Behalf of His Majesty, be, under the Directions of the said Court, in a summary Way laid out In a summary and invested in the Purchase, or Purchases of the Fee Simple, either ^ay* of a Piece or Parcel of Ground conveniently situated within the City How such Geo. III. P p of

578

C. 63.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

layoutt0 6 Dublin, or in the Suburbs thereof, whereon may be erected such Buildings as may form a fit and suitable House for the Residence of the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being, with suitable Offices and other Conveniencies, and also to purchase a Piece or Parcel of Ground within the Manor of Saint,

whereon may be erected a proper Building to be used for a Court House, for the Seneschal of the said Liberty of Saint Sepulchre's for the time being, or in the Purchase of such Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Ground and Buildings, as may by Alterations and Additions be made fit and suitable for the Purposes aforesaid; and in the making such necessary Alterations and Additions, and from and immediately after the making such Purchase or Purchases, such Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Ground so to be

For purchasing the Leasehold Interest in Premises, the Reversion in. Fee whereof is in the Archbishop, and for vesting the Fee Simple thereof in him.

The new Building to be the See House and See of Dublin, and so to be described in all Writings, &c.

purchased, and the Buildings, if any such shall be thereon, shall be conveyed, settled and assured, to the Use of the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being and his Successors for ever, without any Licence of Mortmain; the Statutes of Mortmain or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case

any House, Buildings or Land, held by Lease or Leases under the See of Dublin, and whereof the Reversion in Fee Simple shall be

in the Archbishop for the time being, shall be found within the City of Dublin or the Suburbs thereof, fit and proper to be purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to purchase with the Monies aforesaid, under the Directions aforesaid, such Leasehold Interest or Interests, so that the Fee Simple thereof may become absolutely vested in the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being and his Successors for ever, for the Purposes aforesaid, freed and discharged from such Leasehold Interest or Interests as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Piece or Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Ground, which shall or may be purchased under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act, shall, from and after such Purchase, be deemed and taken as and for the Scite of the Archepiscopal and See House of the See of

Dublin, and the Court House of the Liberty of Saint Sepulchre s; and the-Buildings which shall be erected thereon, and appropriated to said Purposes, shall be deemed and taken to be the Archepiscopal and See House of the See of, and the Court House

aforesaid, and shall, in all Deeds and Writings, be styled and described and pass by the Name of the See House of the See of Dublin, and the Court House of the Manor of Saint Sepulchre; and that the said Charles Lord Archbishop of and his Successors in the said See, and their several and respective Heirs, Executors and Administrators, Lands, Goods and Chattels, shall

for ever after the passing of this Act be exempted from and indemnified against all Costs, Charges, Damages, Sum and Sums of Money, Claims and Demands whatsoever, on Account of the Dilapidations of the said Palace or See House situate in Kevin, or any of the Edifices or Buildings thereto belonging; any former Usage or Law to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Court of Chan- V. Provided also, and be it further" enacted, That it shall and eery to make may lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, from time to °rderfor Pay- . to make an Order for paying and defraying One Moiety of meat of Ex- 20 the

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 63.

579

the Charges and Expences attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and also for taxing or settling all Costs, Charges and Expences which shall be incurred in the Execution of this Act, and also from time to time to make an Order for Payment of all such Costs, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall, under the Authority of this Act, be paid into the said Bank as aforesaid; and also for hiring a proper Place to be used as a Court House for the said Manor of Saint, until a

proper Court House shall be purchased or built.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Part

or Parts of the said Sum of Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, and Seven thousand Pounds, and also such other further Sum and Sums as shall or may from time to time be paid into the said Bank of, by the said

Charles Archbishop of Dublin, or the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall from time to time, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery, by the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being, or by His Majesty's Attorney General on Behalf of His Majesty, be placed out at Interest in Government Securities; and the Interest arising therefrom shall be paid into the said Bank of Ireland for the several Purposes herein mentioned, until a Purchase or Purchases shall be made as aforesaid.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case it shall so happen that the said Sum of Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, Irish Currency, and the said Seven thousand Pounds, to be paid into the said Bank as aforesaid, and the Interest and Produce thereof, or of the Securities to be purchased therewith, shall be more than sufficient to answer the several Purposes aforesaid, then and in such Case the Surplus thereof which shall be remaining after answering the said Purposes, shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery-by 4he Archbishop of Dublin for the time being, by Order of the said Court in a summary Way, be laid out and invested in the Purchase or Purchases of Government Securities, as shall be by the said Court of Chancery deemed fit and proper; and from and immediately after the making such Purchase or Purchases, the Securities so to be purchased, and the Interest payable thereon, shall be conveyed, settled and assured, to the Use of the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being and his Successors for ever.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case

it shall happen that the said Sum of Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, Irish Currency, and the said Seven thousand Pounds, to be paid into the said Bank as aforesaid, and the Interest to be received in respect thereof, shall not be sufficient to answer the several Purposes herein mentioned, then and in such Case the said Charles Lord Archbishop of,

or the Archbishop of Dublin for the time being, shall, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery upon a summary Hearing, pay into the said National Bank at, in the Name

of the Accountant General, and to the Credit of the aforesaid Account, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Court of Chancery shall deem necessary for the complete Execution of and carrying into Effect the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding in the Whole the

P p 2 cleai;

peaces in passing and executing the Act,

Monies paid into the Bank to be placed out at Interest.

The Court of Chancery to dispose of Surplus of the said Two Sums of 9231.12s. 7d. Irish and 70001.

In case the Sum paid into the Bank is not sufficient for the Purposes of the Act, Court of Chancery to order how the same shall be made up.

Succeeding Archbishops’ Proportions of Expence in case of an Insufficiency as raised under the Act.

Cashiers to give Receipts.

Receipts of Cashiers suffi-

clear yearly Value of One half Year’s Income of the said Arch-bishoprick; such Sum or Sums of Money to be applied under such Direction, and for the Purposes herein mentioned; and in such Case such Archbishop of Dublin who shall so pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, or his Executors or Administrators, shall have and receive of and from his next and immediate Successor in the said See, the full Sum or Sums which shall have been paid into the Bank, in the Manner and for the Purposes last mentioned, by such Archbishop.

And it is also further enacted, That such Successor having paid such Sum as last aforesaid, he or his Executors or Administrators respectively, shall be entitled to and receive Three fourth Parts thereof from his next Successor, which next Successor having paid Three fourth Parts of the said Sum or Sums so paid by such Archbishop into the said Bank as aforesaid, he or his Executors or Administrators respective!)' shall be entitled to and receive Two third Parts thereof, that is, One Moiety of the said First Sum or Sums so paid by the Archbishop into the said Bank, from his next Successor, which Successor having paid One Moiety of the said Sum or Sums so paid by such Archbishop into the said Bank, he, or his Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled to and receive from his next Successor, One half Part thereof, that is, One fourth Part of the Sum or Sums so paid into the said Bank by such Archbishop; all which said several Sums, the Governor and Company of the said Bank, and the said Accountant General, are hereby authorized and required to receive and enter and keep the same, in the Name and to the Credit of the Account aforesaid; and all the said Sums so to be paid and received, shall and may be paid and received within the Time and Times and in the same Manner as is appointed by the said several Acts of Parliament made in land., relative to the Payment and Recovery of Money laid out in Buildings and Improvements made on the Demesne or Mensal Lands and Glebes of Archbishops, Bishops and other Ecclesiastical Persons.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the proper Clerk or Cashier, Clerks or Cashiers, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Irelan, under his or their Hand or Hands respectively, testifying the Payment of the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, or any Part thereof, by the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by such Person as they shall order and direct to pay the same into the Bank of Ireland to the Credit of the Account aforesaid, shall be a sufficient and full Discharge to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, or such other Persons or Person so paying the same, their, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators, of and for the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, or so much thereof as such Receipt or Receipts shall be given for; and that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every such other Persons and Person as aforesaid, upon and after such Receipt or Receipts given as aforesaid, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, and every Part thereof, notwithstanding any subsequent Loss, Non-application or Misapplication of the same, or any Part thereof.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That

the

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 63, 64, 65.

581

the Receipt or Receipts of the said Clerk or Cashier of the said cient Dis-Bank, under his Hand, testifying the Payment of the said Sum of charges«

Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, Irish Currency, or of every Part thereof, by the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin, or by such Person as he shall direct to pay the same unto the said Bank, to the Credit of the Account aforesaid, shall be a sufficient and full Discharge to the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin, his Executors or Administrators, or such other Person so paying the same, of and for the said Sum of Nine hundred and twenty three Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence, Irish Currency, and every Part thereof,

or so much thereof as such Receipt or Receipts shall be given for, and that the said .Charles Lord Archbishop of, his Exe-

cutors and Administrators, and every such other Person as aforesaid, upon and after such Receipt and Receipts given as aforesaid, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication or Nonapplication thereof.

XII. Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies General Saving. Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors (other than and except the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the said Charles Lord Archbishop of Dublin and his Successors in the said See of Dublin, and all Persons claiming or to claim by, from or under them or any of them) all such Estate,

Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand, of, in, to or out of the said Mansion House and Premises so authorized to be sold as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, as they, either or any of them respectively, had before the passing of this present Act, or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

[Public Act.]

§ 13.

CAP. LXIV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of One thousand EXP.

.eight hundred and five, the Operation of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, to suspend Proceedings in 43 G. 3. c. 136. Actions, Prosecutions and Proceedings under certain Acts relating to the Woollen Manufacture, and also undetan Act of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, so far as the same relates to certain Persons employed or concerned in the said Manufacture.

[30th June 1804.]

[See45 G. 3. c. 83.]

CAP. LXV.

An Act to continue, until the First Day of One thousand EXP.

eight hundred and five, an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for continuing Two Acts, the one passed in the 42G.s. c. 35, Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Prices at which Grain, Meat and Flour, may be exported from Great Britain to Ireland, and from Ireland to Great Britain; and the other, made in the last Session of 43G*.3* c, 14‘ Parliament, for permitting the Exportation of Seed Corn 43^3^7s^}

P p 3 from

C. 65 — 69;

44u GEO. III.

A.D. 1804.

EXP.

Trustees of Linen Manufacture may

from Great Britain to Ireland, and the Importation of Malt into Great Britain from.

[3d July 1804.]

CAP. LXVI.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces; and for the gradual Reduction of the Militia of.

[10th 1804*3 {Repealed, 46 G 3. c. 51. § 1/j

C Al p. lxvii.

An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, certain Duties on the Importation of the Goods, Wares and Merchandize, herein mentioned, into, and also certain Duties of Excise on Spirits, Malt and Tobacco in landand for the Increase of certain Public Revenues in Ireland, by making the same payable in British Currency.

[10th July 1804.]

CAP. LXVIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties in Ireland.

[10th July 1804.]

{Repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 64. § 1.]

CAP. LXIX.

An Act to amend the Laws for regulating the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

[10th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by the several Laws for regulating the Linen ‘ and Hempen Manufacture in Ireland, the Trustees

thereof are empowered to appoint One Inspector General to go

from time to time through the various Parts of Ireland, or to

appoint One such Inspector General to go through the various i Parts of the Province of Ulster, One other to go through the f other Three Provinces; and also to appoint, in case they shall

judge it expedient, Two Persons jointly to execute the Office of such Inspector General: And Whereas, in pursuance thereof,

they have appointed Two Persons to execute the Office of In-

spector General for the Province of Ulster, and Two other Persons to execute the Office of Inspector General for the other <Three Provinces; but .they have lately deemed it unnecessary

‘ to have Two Inspectors General for the Province of Ulster; and

it is necessary and expedient, for the better Execution of the

Trust reposed in the said Trustees, that the Inspection of the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in Ireland should be new ar-

1 ranged May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled,

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 69.

583

and by the Authority of the same, That if the said Trustees shall think fit to appoint One Inspector General to go from time to time through the various Parts of Ireland, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to appoint One other Person to be Provincial Inspector General for the Province of, and One

other for the Province of Connaught, and One other for the Provinces of Leinster and Munster, during their Will and Pleasure; and every Provincial Inspector so appointed shall perform the Duties, and have all and singular the Powers and Authorities, and be subject to all the Rules and Regulations prescribed by Law for an Inspector General, and shall likewise carry into Execution, within his Province or District, all Orders respecting the said Manufacture which shall from time to time be given to him by the Inspector General, and shall from time to time make such Enquiries and Returns, respecting the said Manufacture and the Execution of his Office, as shall be desired by the said Inspector General; and the Person so appointed Inspector General shall perform the Duties, and have all and singular the Powers and Authorities and be subject to all the Regulations prescribed by Law for an Inspector General.

II. Provided always, That no further or additional Expence shall be incurred by the said Trustees, either by Increase of Salary or otherwise, Tor such Inspector General of all, than they

are enabled by Law to incur for the First Inspector General of the Provinces of Leinster, Munster and Connaught; nor any further or additional Expence for the Provincial Inspector of -naught, than they are enabled by Law to incur for the Second Inspector General of the said Three Provinces; nor any further or additional Expence for the Provincial Inspector of, than they are by Law enabled to incur for the First Inspector General of, nor any further or additional Expence for the Provincial Inspector of Leinster and Munster, than they are enabled by Law to incur for the Second Inspector General of so as that the whole Expences to be incurred for 'the Inspector General of, and

Three Provincial Inspectors as aforesaid, shall not exceed in any One Year the Expences now allowed by Law to be incurred for the Two Inspectors General for, and the Two Inspectors

General for Leinster, Munster and Connaught; and that all Inspectors General, and Provincial Inspectors, to be appointed from time to time pursuant to this Act, shall be appointed in like Manner, and under the like Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as any Inspector General may now by Law be appointed.

III. And Whereas it would tend to raise the Credit and extend the Sale of the Linen Manufacture of, if a more

‘ speedy and satisfactory Redress were given to the Purchasers of ‘ Irish Linens, for Damages occasioned by bad Bleaching, or

‘ fraudulent or negligent Lappers or Sealmasters: And Whereas ‘ Irish Linens sent to Great Britain may not be discovered or

suspected to be damaged, or fraudulently bleached or lapped, ‘ until after their Arrival there, and such Linens cannot be sent to £ Dublin to be examined without much Loss and Delay: And ‘ Whereas no Redress can be given under the present Laws, by

the Trustees of the Linen Manufacture of, for such

Damages, nor can any Punishment be inflicted by them on any 6 Sealmaster or Lappcr, in respect of the same unless such Linen

appoint One Inspector General and also Provincial Inspectors General of Linen in certain Counties.

No additional Expence incurred for Provincial Inspectors General.

584

For preventing Frauds in Linen sent to Great Britain, the Trustees may empower their Agent in London to receive Complaints, who is to transmit a Copy thereof to the Secretary of the Trustees, and give Notice thereof to Seal-masters, &c.

Upon Proof, on Oath, of Service of Notice, the Agent in London shall desire the attendance of Merchants there to examine Linen, whose Certificate upon Oath shall be transmitted to the Trustees.

Trustees thereupon tadeter-mine Complaints, and may impose Fines.

C. 69. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

‘ shall be examined there Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, assembled at the Linen Hall in the City of,

to empower their Agent in London, by Writing under their Hands, to receive any Complaints which shall be made there against any Lapper or Sealmaster in Ireland, for fraudulent, unsound, damaged or unmerchantable Linens; and the said Agent shall immediately transmit to the Secretary of the said Trustees a Copy of each and every such Complaint so by him received, setting forth the Number of Pieces complained of, and an Account of the Marks and Seals on each Piece, and such Secretary shall enter the same in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall cause Notice thereof to be forthwith served personally upon each Lapper or Sealmaster, whose Mark or Name shall be stated in such Complaint to be upon such Piece or Pieces of Linen, either at the Plouse in the City of Dublin, appointed by such Sealmaster or Lapper for the Purpose of receiving Notices of Complaints, or in failure of such Appointment upon the Inspector, in whose District the Parish in which such Sealmaster or Lapper shall reside, or be described in his Appointment to reside, shall be situate, to be by him posted up in some conspicuous Place in such Parish; and in every such Notice a Day, not sooner than Twenty Da}'s nor later than Forty Days from the Day of such Notice being served shall be specified, whereon the Complaint therein set forth shall be heard before the Agent of the said Trustees in the City of London.

IV. And be it further enacted, That Proof of the Service of every such Notice, verified upon Oath, setting forth a Copy thereof, describing the Nature of such Service, shall, be sent without Delay by the said Secretary to the said Agent, who shall forthwith desire the Attendance of such Number of Merchants, Drapers, Bleachers or other Persons skilled in the Linen Manufacture as he shall think proper, such Number not being more than Five nor less than Three in the City of London, on the Day so appointed in such Notice for the hearing of the Complaint, and to examine each Piece of Linen complained of, and give their Opinion upon Oath (which Oath any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, City or Place where such Examination shall take place, is hereby empowered to administer) as to the State and Quality of such Linen, and whether the Sealmaster or Lapper has acted inproperly, negligently or fraudulently in stamping or sealing such Linen; and the Opinion of such Persons so sworn, or the Majority of them, delivered in Writing and signed by the Persons giving such Opinion, shall be transmitted by such Agent to the said Trustees, and shall be and be deemed and taken to be conclusive Evidence to the said Trustees of the State and Quality of the Linen so complained of, and of the Conduct of the Lapper or Sealmaster in respect thereof, except in Cases of Appeal made in Manner hereinafter mentioned; and the said Trustees shall thereupon proceed to determine the said Complaint according to such Opinion, by dismissing the same, or fining the Sealmaster or Lapper in such Sum or Sums not exceeding the Sum or Sums allowed by Law, as they the said Trustees shall think proper for his Punishment, and for or towards recompensing the Party injured.

44-° GEO. III. C. 69.

585

A.D. 1804.

V. Provided always, That such Persons so called upon to give their Opinion as aforesaid, may, if thereunto required by the said Agent, declare likewise upon Oath (which Oath any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered to administer) their Opinion of the Amount of the Damages sustained by or occasioned to the Complainant by means of the bad State of the Linen or the Misconduct of the Sealmaster or Lap-per; and that it shall and may be lawful for either of the Parties complained of or complaining, to object to any Person called upon to give his Opinion, and if it shall appear to such Agent upon Oath (which Oath any such Justice of the Peace as aforesaid is hereby empowered to administer) that such Person is particularly interested for either Party, or concerned in the Linens complained of, he shall be set aside and another called on in his room.

VI. Provided always, That no Complaint as aforesaid shall be received or proceeded upon under this Act, on account of any Linens damaged by Mildew (not being inside Mildew) unless such Complaint shall be made within Six Calendar Months after such Linen shall have arrived at the Place of Landing in Great Britain.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person so com-

plained of under the Provisions of this Act, shall think himself or herself aggrieved by the Opinion so given of the State and Quality of the Linen, and the Conduct of the Sealmaster or Lapper in respect thereof, it shall be lawful for such Person to lodge an Appeal against such Opinion with the Secretary of the said Trustees, upon his or her first giving Security to the said Trustees in double the Amount of all Fines or Penalties, to which such Person may be liable in respect thereof for Payment of the same, together with all Damages and Expences which shall attend the Removal of the Linen so complained of and examined to,

and the loss by Delay or otherwise, which shall appear to accrue to the Complainant, in case such Opinion so appealed from shall be confirmed; and the said Trustees shall forthwith proceed to hear the said Complaint in the same Manner as if it had been originally made to them, at any Time not sooner than Twenty Days after the receiving such Appeal, due Notice being first given to the Complainant of the Time so appointed, and on such Hearing, the Opinion so appealed from shall be laid by the said Trustees before such Persons as shall be sworn to examine into the said Complaint; and Opinions given under the Authority of this Act shall be regularly filed and preserved by the said Trustees, and be open to the Inspection of every Person and Persons desirous of seeing the same.

VIII. And Whereas by an Act, passed in that Part of the i United Kingdom called Ireland’, in the Third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the better Regulation of the Linen and Hempen Manuf, it is enacted, that every Person keeping or occupying a Bleach Yard shall mark or stamp, or cause to be marked or stamped, in legible Letters with Lamp Black, or Vermillion or Stone Blue and Size, his or her Christian Name and Surname and Place of Abode, with the Addition of the Word Bleacher on each End of every Piece of 4 CLoth by him or her bleached or whitened, before he or she shall sell or expose the same to Sale, or deliver it to the Owner

thereof

Such Merchants shall certify Amount of Damages.

How such Merchants may be objected to.

Limitation of Complaints.

Appeal from Opinions of Merchants to the Trustees.

Security.

Proceedings

thereon.

3 G.3. c. 34. § 46.

586

C. 69 — V 3.

•M.° GEO. III. A.D. 1804..

Bleachers may be ordered by Trustees to stamp the Word Muriatic.

Bleachers

neglecting.

[Penalty.]

Recovery of Penalties.

EXP.

thereof Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, assembled at the Linen Hall in the City of D, to require and order, if they shall think fit, (by Writing under their Hands) every Bleacher to mark or stamp in like Manner, close after or under his Name and Place of Abode, or the Word Bleacher, the Word,

on each End of every Piece of Cloth, in the Bleaching or Whitening of which Muriatic Acid or Muriate of Lime shall have been used: Provided always, that Notice of a Meeting of the Trustees for taking into Consideration the making of such Order, shall be published regularly, during the Course of One Month previous to their Meeting, in some one of the Dublin Newspapers.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Bleacher shall, after the Time prescribed in such Requisition or Order for making or stamping the said Word Muriatic, omit or neglect to comply therewith, he or she shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds for every Piece of Linen, in the bleaching whereof he or she shall have used Muriatic Acid or Muriate of Lime, and shall not have marked or stamped the Word Muriatic, as hereby enacted.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Fines and Penalties by this Act imposed, may be raised, levied and recovered in like Manner as any Fine or Penalty of the like Amount is, by any Law or Statute in force and effect respecting the Linen Manufacture, directed to be raised, levied and recovered.

CAP. LXX.

An Act to enable His Majesty to authorize the Exportation of the Machinery necessary for erecting a Mint in the Dominions of the King of Denmark.

[10th July 1804.]

CAP. LXXI.

An Act to prevent the Counterfeiting of Silver Coin issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of England called Dollars, and Silver Coin which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of called; and to prevent the bringing into the United Kingdom, or uttering, any Counterfeit Dollars or Tokens.

[10th July 1804.]

[See 45 G. 3. c. 42. — But the further Circulation of Dollars and Tokens prohibited, 57 G. 3. 113. — 58 G. 3. c. 14.]

CAP. LXXII.

An Act for allowing the Sale of certain East India Prize Goods in the Port of Liverpool.

[10th July 1804.]

CAP. LXXIII.

An Act to enable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury of Great Britain to issue Exchequer Bills on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four.

[10th July 1804.]

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 74 — 77.

587

CAP. LXXIV.

An Act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional Force to be raised in Irel, for the Defence of the Realm) and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regular Forces.

[14th July 1804.]

[Repealed as therein mentioned, 46 3. 63.]

CAP. LXXV.

An Act for enabling Subjects of Foreign States to enlist as Soldiers in His Majesty's Service, and for enabling His Majesty to grant Commissions to Subjects of Foreign States to serve as Officers or as Engineers, under certain Restrictions; and to indemnify all Persons who may have advised His Majesty to enlist any such Soldiers, or grant any such Commissions as aforesaid.

[14th July 1804.]

ISee46 G. 3. c. 23.-52 G.3. c. 151. § 3. — Continued for

Twelve Months after the ratification of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, 55 G. 3. c. 85. — and see G. 3. c. 126- no

further Continuation appears.]

CAP. LXXVI.

An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on the Viscountess Kilwarden, and on the Family of the late Arthur Lord Viscount Kilwarden.

[14th July 1804.]

CAP. LXXVII.

An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of clandestine.

[14th July 1 804.]

WHEREAS, since the making of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King

George the Second, intituled An Act for the better preventing of 26 G.2. c. 33.

clandestine Marriages; and also of an Act, passed in the Twenty

first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act 21 G.s. c. 53.

to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in, certain Churches

and publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published

before or at the Time of passing an Act, made the Twenty sixth Year of King George the Second, intituled An Act for the - ter preventing of clandestine Marriagesdivers Churches and Chapels have been erected and built within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and Town of Berwick upon,

which have been duly consecrated, and divers Marriages have

been solemnized therein since the passing of the said last mentioned Act; but, by reason that in such Churches and Chapels Banns of Matrimony had not usually been published before or

at

588

C. 11.

GEO. III. A.D. 180L

Marriages in Churches or Chapels erected since 26 G.2. solemnized before March 25, 1805, declared "valid.

Ministers having solemnized such Marriages indemnified.

Registers of such Marriages to be received as Evidence.

Registers of Marriages solemnized in Chapels, to be removed to Parish Churches adjoining.

at the Time of passing the said first mentioned Act, such Marriages have been or may be deemed to be void May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the xYdvice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Marriages already solemnized or to be solemnized before the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, in any Church or public Chapel in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, erected since the making of the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and consecrated, shall be as good and valid in Law as if such Marriages had been solemnized in Parish Churches or public Chapels having Chapelries annexed, and wherein Banns had usually been published before or at the Time of passing the said last mentioned Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Parsons, Vicars, Ministers and Curates, who, before the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, shall have solemnized any of the Marriages which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall be and they are hereby indemnified against the Penalties inflicted by the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, upon Persons who shall solemnize Marriages in any other Place than a Church or public Chapel in which Banns had been usually published before or at the Time of passing the said last mentioned Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of Marriages solemnized or to be solemnized in the said Churches or Chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, or Copies thereof, shall be received in all Courts of Law and Equity as Evidence of such Marriages, in the same Manner as the Registers of such Marriages solemnized in Parish Churches or public Chapels in which Banns were usually published before or at the Time of passing the said Act of the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, or Copies thereof, are received in Evidence:Provided nevertheless, that in all such Courts the same Objections shall be available to the receiving such Registers or Copies in Evidence, as would have been available to the receiving the same as Evidence, if such Registers or Copies had related to Marriages mentioned in such last mentioned Parish Churches or public Chapels as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Registers of all Marriages solemnized in any public Chapels, which are hereby enacted to be valid in Law, shall, within Fourteen Days next after the said Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, be removed to the Parish Church of the Parish in which such Chapel shall be situated, and in case such Chapel shall be situated in an extra parochial Place, then to the Parish Church next adjoining to such extra parochial Place, to be kept with the Marriage Registers of such Parish, and in like Manner as Parish Registers are directed to be kept by the said Act of

the

C. 77 — 80.

589

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III.

the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second.

CAP. LXXVIIL An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Beclc in

the County of Northampton^ purchased in pursuance of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for erecting Buildings thereon for the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance.

[14th July 1804.]

CAP. LXXIX.

An Act to vest certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing Llis Majesty's Docks, Ships and Stores, at, and for the

Use of His Majesty's Ordnance at Common and

Woolwich.

[14 th July 1801.]

[See 46 G. 3. c. 130. — 48 G. 3. c. 101.]

CAP. LXXX.

An Act for the better Support of His Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom; and for preventing Accumulation of Arrears in the Payments out of the Civil List Revenues.

[20th July 1804.]

44 60,000l. per Annum from 5th July 1804, further added to the Civil List. § 1.

[Repealed, 59 G. 3. c. 22. § 8.]

II. AND Whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty second c Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for ' 4 enabling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His 4 Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices th erein mentioned, ‘which are now paid out of the Reven ues of the Civil List, Provision is made for the Payment of His Majesty's Civil List in different Classes, according to an Order of Payment therein specified: And Whereas it is expedient that more

effectual Provision should be made for preventing Accumulation of Arrears, in any of the said Classes, without the Knowledge of Parliament Be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the said Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, whenever any of the said Classes shall have become in Arrear more than Two Quarters, the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Treasurer for the Time being shall cause an Account of such Arrear, and the Class or Classes on which the same shall have arisen, to be laid before the House of Commons within One Month after the same shall have arisen, if Parliamen shall be then sitting, or if Parliament shall not then be sitting, within Fourteen Days after the next Sitting of Parliament.

26 G. 3.

22 G.3. c. 82.

Account of Accumulation of Arrears in any of the Classes of the Civil List, shall be laid before Parliament.

590

C. 80 — 84.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

EXP.

42 G.3. c. 63.

CAP. LXXXI.

An Act for enabling His Majesty to raise the Sum of Two millions five hundred thousand Pounds for the Use and Purposes therein mentioned.

[20th 1804.]

CAP. LXXXII.

An Act to obviate certain Inconveniencies which have been experienced in the Accountant General’s Office in the Court of Chancery, in the Execution of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament (a) , for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades and Offices.

[20th July 1804.]

(a) [43 G. 3. c. 122. see § 77, 78.]

CAP. LXXXIII.

An Act for regulating the Appointment of Commissioners to act in the Execution of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Contribution on the' Profits arising from Property, Professions, Trades' and Offices.

[20th July 1804.]

CAP. LXXXIV.

An Act to permit certain Persons in the Office of Ordnance, and the Quarter Master General, to send and receive Letters free from the Duty of Postage; and to enable the Board of Ordnance, the Adjutant General, the Quarter Master General and the Barrack Master General, to authorize Persons in their Offices to send Letters free from the said Duty.

[20th 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty second Year of the

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to authorize the sending and receiving of Letters and Votes, -

ings in Parliament and printed by the Post, free

from the Duty of Postage, by the Members of the Two Houses of Parliament of the United Kingdom, and by certain Public Of 4 fcers therein named; and for reducing the Postage on such Votes,

4 Proceedings and Newspapers, when sent by any other Person:

And Whereas the Privilege of sending and receiving Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage is not by the said Act extended to the Master General of His Majesty's Ordnance, to either of the Secretaries of the said Master General, to the Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, to the Inspector General of Fortifications or to the Quarter Master General of His Majesty's Forces,

who by virtue of their respective Offices, necessarily send and receive many Letters and Packets relating to the public Concerns

of this Kingdom May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

Spiritual

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 84*.

591

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Master General of His Majesty's Ordnance, One of the Secretaries to the said Master General, the, Secretary to the Board of Ordnance, the Inspector General of Fortifications, and the Quarter Master General of His Majesty's Forces, all for the time being, shall and may send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage, in the same Manner and under such Restrictions as the Commander in Chief of His Majesty's Forces for the time being, and other Officers of His Majesty's Forces therein specified, are thereby permitted, in respect of their Offices, to send and receive Letters and Packets free from the Duty of Postage.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lieutenant General and principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance to authorize and direct certain Persons, not exceeding Two in Number, in their Office or Department; and to and for the Adjutant General of His Majesty's Forces for the time being, to authorize and direct certain Persons, not exceeding Two in Number, in his Office or Department; and to and for the said Quarter Master General of His Majesty's Forces for the time being, to authorize and direct certain Persons, not exceeding Two in Number, in his Office or Department; and to and for the Barrack Master General of His Majesty's Forces for the time being, to authorize and direct One Person in his Office or Department (a List of whose Names shall from time to time be transmitted to the General Post Offices in London and Dublin) , severally and respectively to make and subscribe an Indorsement upon Letters and Packets, to be sent by the Post free from their respective Offices, which shall concern the public Business of such Offices or Departments, signifying that such Letters and Packets are upon His Majesty's Service, which Letters and Packets, being so subscribed and sealed with the respective Seals of the said Lieutenant General and principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance for the time being, the said Adjutant General for the time being, the said Quarter Master General for the time being, and the said Barrack Master General for the time being respectively, shall and may be sent and conveyed by the Post free from the Duty of Postage.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any

Person authorized to make and subscribe such Indorsement shall knowingly make the same, or procure the same to be made, upon any Letter or Packet which does not really concern the Business of the Office or Department to which he shall belong, such Person shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as by the Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Annfor establishing a General

Post Office, is directed with respect to the Penalties inflicted by the said Act; and for the Second Offence shall be dismissed from his Office.

Master General of Ordnance, &c. may send and receive Letters free from Postage, -as under 42 G. 3. c, 63. 54-

Ordnance, Adjutant General, Quarter Master General and Barrack Master General, may appoint certain Persons to indorse Letters and Packets to be sent free from their Offices, &c.

Indorsement on Letters not concerning Business of Office.

First Offence. Penalty.

Second

Offence.

592

C. 85, 86, 87.

44° GEO:' III. A.D. 1804.

EXP.

39 & 40 G. 3. c. 90. § 1 — 5.

CAP. LXXXV.

An Act for further continuing, for Seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, for encouraging the Manufacture of Leather, by lowering the Duty payable upon the Importation of Oak Bark, when the Price.of such Bark shall exceed a certain Rate.

[20th July 1804.] [A lade perpetual)52 G. 3. c. 18.]

CAP. LXXXVI.

An Act for reviving, amending and further continuing several Laws relating to the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six; and to the Encouragement of the Trade and Manufactures of the Isle of, to the improving the Revenue thereof, and the more effectual Prevention of Smuggling to and from the said Island, until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and five.

[20th 1801.]

CAP. LXXXVII.

An Act to amend an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled An Act

for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture that Bart of Great Britain called England.

[20th 'July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for settling Disputes that may arise between Masters and Workmen engaged in the Cotton Manufacture in that Part of Great Britain called England, Provisions were enacted for settling all Disputes that arise in respect of such Manufacture,

between the Masters and Workmen engaged therein, by way of Arbitration, by Two Arbitrators, One to be chosen by each Party at his Discretion: And Whereas the Mode intended to be thereby established hath not produced the beneficial Effects expected therefrom: And Whereas it is therefore expedient that so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, as relates to the settling such Disputes by Arbitration in Manner therein mentioned, should be amended May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years aforesaid, as relates to settling such Disputes as aforesaid by Arbitration, in Manner therein directed, and also so far as regards the Powers of the Arbitrators to administer an Oath or Oaths to the Parties, or their Witnesses,

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 87. 593

shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and that, from and after the passing of this Act, all such Disputes shall be settled and determined in Manner by this Act directed.

[1 — 5.

and Schedule to the said Act repealed, see § 19. post.']

II. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where an Arbitration may be demanded by the said recited Act, where the Party complaining and the Party complained of shall come before or agree, by any Writing under their Hands, to abide by the Determination of any Justice of the Peace or Magistrate of any County, City, Town or Place, within which the Parties reside, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate to hear and finally determine in a summary Manner the Matter in dispute between such Parties; but if such Parties shall not come before, or so agree to abide by the Determination of such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice or Magistrate, and such Justice of the Peace or Magistrate fs hereby required, on Complaint made before him, and Proof by the Examination of the Party making such Complaint, that Application has been made to the Person or Persons against whom such Cause of Complaint has arisen, or his, her or their Agent or Agents, if such Dispute has arisen with such Agent or Agents, to settle such Dispute, and: that the same has not been settled upon such Complaint being made, or where the Dispute relates to a bad Warp, such Cause of Complaint shall not be done away within Forty eight Hours after such Application, to summon before him such Person or Persons, or Agent or Agents, on some Day not exceeding Three Days, exclusive of, before the making

such Complaint, giving Notice to the Person making such Complaint of the Time and Place appointed in such Summons for the Attendance of such Person or Persons, Agent or Agents, as aforesaid; as if at such Time and Place the Person or Persons so summoned shall not appear by himself, or send some Person on his, her or their Behalf, to settle such Dispute, or appearing shall not do away such Cause of Complaint, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required, at the Request of either of such Parties, to nominate Arbitrators or Referees for settling the Matters in Dispute; and such Justice shall then and there at such Meeting propose not less than Four nor more than Six Persons, One half of whom shall be Master Manufacturers or Agents, or Foremen of some Master Manufacturer, and the other Half of whom shall be Weavers in such Manufacture (such respective Persons residing in or near to the Place where such Dispute shall have arisen) , out of which Master Manufacturers, Agents or Foremen, the Master engaged in such Dispute, or his Agent, shall chuse One, and out of which Weavers so proposed, the Weaver, or his Agent, shall chuse another, who shall have full Power to hear and finally determine such Dispute; and the said Justice shall thereupon appoint a Place of Meeting according to the Directions of this Act, and also a Day for the Meeting, Notice of which Nomination, and of the Day of Meeting, shall thereupon be given to the Persons so nominated Arbitrators or Referees, and to any Party to any such Dispute, who may not have attended the Meeting before such Justice as aforesaid; which Appointment Geo. III. Q q shall

Where Parties agree to abide Determination of a Justice, the Matter in Dispute may be finally determined by him.

If Parties do not so agree. Justice shall summon the Party complained of, and appoint Arbitrators.

Notice.

Proceedings and description of Persons chosen as Arbitrators.

Notice of Nomination of Arbitrators.

594-

Form of Appointment of Referees.

Persons complaining not attending, shall lose the Benefit of the Act, &c.

On Arbitrators refusing to act. Justice may name others.

Arbitrators not agreeing, and refusing to go before the Justice, the Dispute shall be determined by him.

One Arbitrator may make the

C. 87. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

shall be by such Justice certified in the Form following; (that is to say) , b V

1 J A. JB.1 One of the Justices of the Peace acting for 4 do hereby certify, That C.D. and . are duly nominated

Referees to settle the Matters in Difference between G. H. of

4 Master Manufacturer, Agent of, as Case

‘ may be], and I. K. of Weaver, pursuant to an Act

‘ passed in the Forty fourth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, and that the said Referees are hereby directed to meet at ‘ on the Day of

at of the Clock. ' A.

And the Persons so appointed as aforesaid shall hear and examine the Parties and their Witnesses, and determine such Dispute within Two Days after such Nomination, exclusive of Sundays; and the Determination of such Arbitrators shall be final and conclusive.

III. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Person so complaining as aforesaid shall not attend, or send some Person on his or her Behalf, at the Time and Place appointed by such Justice of the Peace, for the Purpose of naming such Persons as aforesaid, such Person shall not in such Case be entitled to the Benefit of this Act; and if any Person against whom any such Complaint shall have been made as aforesaid, shall not attend, or send some Person on his or her Behalf, the Justice of the Peace shall thereupon nominate a Person for him out of such Persons so proposed as aforesaid.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any or either of the Persons so proposed by any such Justice, shall refuse or delay to accept such Arbitration, Or accepting, shall not act therein, the Justice shall proceed to name another or other Persons of the Descriptions aforesaid, in the Room of the Person so refusing as aforesaid to be Arbitrator or Arbitrators, in the Place of such Arbitrator or Arbitrators so refusing or delaying to accept, or who shall not act, out of whom the Parties to such Dispute shall forthwith respectively nominate the Arbitrators under this Act; and in every Case of a Second Nomination, the Arbitrators shall meet within Twenty four Flours after the Application for the same, and at the same Place at which the Meeting of the Arbitrators first named was appointed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Case where the Arbitrators cannot agree, they shall forthwith go before the Justice or Justices by whom they were appointed; and in case of his or their Absence or Indisposition, before any other Justice of Peace for the same County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, nearest to the Place at which the Arbitrators met to settle the Dispute; and if either Arbitrator shall neglect or refuse to go before such Justice of the Peace, in the Manner herein directed, it shall and may be lawful for such Justice, after summoning the Arbitrators to attend him, to determine the Matter or Matters in Dispute, upon the Statement and Representation of either of the Arbitrators who shall come before him.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in every Case where a 42 cond Arbitrator shall be appointed as aforesaid, and such Second

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 87. 595

Arbitrator shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for settling the Matters in Dispute, it shall be lawful for the other Arbitrator at such Time and Place to proceed by himself to the Hearing and Determining of the said Matters in Dispute, and in such Case the Award of such sole Arbitrator shall be final and conclusive as to all Matters in Dispute, submitted to such Arbitrators.

VII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Complaints by <the Weaver, as to bad Materials, shall be made within Three Weeks after his receiving the same, and all Complaints arising from any other Cause shall be made within Three Days after such Cause of Complaint shall arise; and that it shall not be allowable to any Manufacturer, who shall have received into his Possession any Cotton Cloth made by himself, or his Clerk or Foreman, afterwards to make any Complaint on account of Work so received.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where Complaints are made respecting bad Warps or Utensils by Workmen, the Place of Meeting of the Referees shall be at or as near as may be to the Place where the Work shall be carrying on; and in all other Cases at or as near as may be to the Place or Places where the Work has been given out.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if either Party shall refuse to fulfil the Award to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Forty eight Hours next after the same shall be made, and have been reduced into Writing in the Form in the Schedule to this Act annexed, or to the like Effect, the Party so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay to the Party in whose Favour such Award shall have been made as aforesaid, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered as the Penalties inflicted by the said recited Act may be recovered.

X. And be it further enacted, That with every Piece of Work rgiven out by the Manufacturer to a Workman to be done, there shall {if required by the Workman to whom the same shall be given) be delivered a Note or Ticket, signed by the Person delivering out the same, or his Agent, stating the Quantity of the Materials delivered out, and the Nature of the Work to be performed, and the Price agreed upon for the executing such Work in a workmanlike Manner; and which said Note or Ticket, in the Event of Dispute between the Manufacturer and Workmen, shall be Evidence of all Matters and Things mentioned therein or respecting the same.

XI. And be it enacted, That a Duplicate of every such Note or

Ticket shall be made and kept by the Master or Agent delivering the same; which Duplicate shall be Evidence of all the Matters and Things therein contained, in case the Workman shall not produce to the Arbitrators or the said Justice, as the Case may be, the said Note or Ticket so delivered to him with the said Work.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Master -or Agent refusing or neglecting to give a Note or Ticket in the Manner hereby prescribed, when required so to do, shall forfeit and pay .any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings nor less than Twenty Shillings, for each Failure or Neglect, to any Person or Persons who •shall sue for the same, to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as other Penalties may be recovered and applied |?y the

Q 2 said

Award, if the other does not attend.

Limitation of Complaints.

Complaints respecting bad Warps, &c. where to be settled.

Refusing to fu lfil the Award,

Penalty 10L

Tickets stating Quantity of Materials, &c. given out with Work.

Duplicate of Ticket kept by Master.

Master not giving a Ticket.

Penalty,

596

U° GEO. III.

No Appeal.

Complaints may be made against Agents or Partners.

Where Masters become Bankrupts, Assignees shall be liable.

[Proviso.]

Complaints of married Women and Infants.

Costs settled by

C. 87.

A.D. 1804.

said recited Act: Provided always, that no Appeal shall be competent against any Conviction for any such Penalty.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Work shall have been delivered to any Workman by the Agent or Servant of any Master or Masters, to be, when finished, delivered to such Agent or Servant, and also where Two or more Persons shall carry on the Business of such Manufacture as Partners, in every such Case respectively, the like Proceedings shall and may be had and made against such Agent, Servant or any Partner, and shall be as effectual as if the same had been had and made against the Principal or all the Partners; and all the said Persons respectively shall obey the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders as shall be made by the said Justice or Justices, in or respecting the Matters in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the same, as if the Proceedings had been had against the Principal or against all the Parties.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in all Cases where any Proceedings may be had against a Master or Masters under this or by the said recited Act, or where such Proceedings shall have been commenced, and the Master or Masters shall become or be Bankrupt, or any Assignment of his or their Estate or Effects shall have been made under the said Bankruptcy, or otherwise by Deed or in Law, the Assignee or Assignees of such Estate or Effects shall be liable to the Proceedings authorized by this Act against the Master or Masters, as fully as the Master or Masters was or were before the Bankruptcy or Assignment; and such Proceedings may be commenced or carried on against such Assignee or Assignees, who shall fulfil and abide by the Award made thereupon, and all such Order or Orders shall be made by the said Justice or Justices in or respecting the Matters in Dispute, and shall be subject to the same Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, for refusing or delaying to abide by or perform the same, as if the Proceedings had been had against the Master or Masters before his or their Bankruptcy, or the Assignment of his or their Estate or Effects; Provided, that all Sums of Money to be paid in pursuance of such Award or Orders shall be recoverable only out of the Estate or Effects of such Master or Masters, and not out of the proper Money of such Assignee or Assignees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That where any married Woman, or Infant under the Age of Twenty one Years, shall have Cause of Complaint in any of the Cases provided for by this or the said recited Act, against any Master or Masters, his or their Agent or Servant, or Assignee or Assignees as aforesaid, such Complaint may be lodged, and all -further Proceedings thereupon had by and in the Name of the Husband of such married Woman, and of the Father, or, if dead, of the Mother, or, if on the Death of both Parents, of any of the Kindred of any such Infant, and of the Surety or Sureties in any Indenture of Apprenticeship of any such Infant being an Apprentice; and all such Proceedings shall be as effectual, valid and binding, as if such married Woman was sole, and such Infants were of full Age, and pursued by themselves the Reihedies provided by this or the before recited Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Time and

Expences,

A.D. 1804.

44" GEO. III. C. 87.

59 7

Expences, attending the Applications to Justices to be made Arbitrators or

under this Act, and of the Arbitration pursuant thereon, shall be Justices.

settled by the Arbitrators or Arbitrator by whom such Disputes

shall be settled; and where the same shall be determined by any

Justice of the Peace, pursuant to the said recited Act, then the

Costs, Time and Expences aforesaid, shall be settled by such

Justice; and where the Arbitrators appointed as aforesaid cannot

agree as to the Costs, Time and Expences to be allowed, the same

shall be settled by the Justice or Justices of the Peace by whom

the said Arbitrators were named; and in case of his Absence or

Indisposition, by any Justice of the Peace for the same County,

Riding, Division, City, Liberty or Place, nearest to the Place at which the Arbitrators met to settle the Dispute.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the following and no Fees allowed, higher Fees shall be allowed to be taken for any Proceeding under this Act; videlicet,

£. s. d, .

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

9 1 0

0 I 0

O' 9 6

0 1 6

0 0 4

0 0 4

To the Clerk of the Justice or Justices,

For each Summons - For every Oath or Affirmation For drawing and entering the Order For every Warrant -

For every Conviction -

To the Constable or other Peace Officer,

For Service of Summons or Order For executing Warrant of Distress and Sale 7 of Goods j

For Custody of Goods distrained, per Diem For every Mile he shall travel

And a Table of Fees, signed by the Clerk to such Justice or Table of Fees Justices, shall be hung up in every Place where any General or to be hung up. Quarter Sessions or Petty Sessions of the Peace shall be held. &c.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That ho Proceedings under this Act Want of Form-shall be set aside or quashed for want of Form.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in place of the Forms how far set down in the Schedule to the said Act, the Forms contained in 39 & 40 G. 3. the Schedule hereunto annexed shall be used and observed in the c* 90- Sche-several Instances to which they appty; and all the Provisions of dule theret0 the said Act which are contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or

for which other Provisions are hereby substituted, shall be and

the same are hereby repealed; but the same shall in all other repealed.

Respects remain and continue in full Force and Effect.

[Public Act.]

" §20.

SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

FORM of the Award, to be written at the Foot or upon the Back of the Order of the Justices appointing the Arbitrators. VX/rE, I. K. and L. M* [name and describe the ], the Refe-

rees appointed to settle the Matters in Dispute between the Parties within nanjed, [or, I, /. Kthe Referee on the Part of the within A.B. L, M. the Referee appointed on the Part of the within named C. D.]> having, notwithstanding the Notice, failed to attend on I, N. 0. the Justice [as the Case may do hereby

Q q 3 adjudge

598

C. 87, $8.

W GEO. III. A.D. 1801.

Form of Indorsment.

Form of Acknowledgment.

Form of Conviction.

12 G. 3. c. 49. $2.

adjudge and determine, that [here set forth the Determination to which the Referees or Referee, or as the Case may be, shall

subscribe their Names*]

FORM of Indorsement, extending the Time limited for making-the Award, to be written on the Foot or on the Back of the Order of the Justice appointing the Arbitrators.

W?> A, B. and C.D. Parties to the within Arbitration, do hereby agree to extend the same to the Day of inclusive. Witness our Hands this

Day of Witness,

FORM of Acknowledgment of Fulfilment of the Award, to be written on the Foot or on the Back thereof.

J A.B., do hereby acknowledge that the above Award hath been

y fulfilled by C. D* who is hereby discharged of the same. Witness my Hand, this Day of

Witness,

FORM of Conviction for refusing or delaying to fulfil the Award. T3E it remembered, That on the Day of

in the Year of His Majesty’s

Reign, and in the Year of our Lord is

convicted before me [or, name the Justices of the Peace for the County, Riding, Division, City or Place of ]

that the said A.B. has refused or delayed to fulfil the Award within the Time limited, contrary to the Statute made in the Forty fourth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act [here set forth the Title of the Actand I [or We] the said Jus-

tice [or, Justices] do hereby adjudge and determine the said A.B. for the said Offence, to forfeit and lose the Sum of

of lawful Money of Great Britain, and do order the same to be forthwith paid by him [her, or, them, as the Case may be] *

CAP. LXXXVIII.

An Act for explaining and amending several Acts relating to Hackney Coaches employed as Stage Coaches, and for indemnifying the Owners of Hackney Coaches who have omitted to take out Licences, pursuant to an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of the ‘ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act to explain i and amend an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Stamp Duties

upon Policies of Insurance, and for reducing the Allowance to be

made in respect of the Prompt Payment of the Stamp Duties on i Licences for retailing Beer, Ale and other exciseable Liquors, and

for explaining and amending several Acts of Parliament relating Cto Hackney Coaches and Chairs, ’ so far as the same relates to

Hackney Coaches, it is recited, that a great Number of Persons,

‘ licensed

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 8.

599

licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches to use and keep for Hire Hackney Coaches,

regularly used and employed the same as stated Stages to and from different Towns and Places in the Neighbourhood of the

Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark,

as well within the Bills of Mortality as without, which was of

great public Utility and Convenience; and it is also recited that

4 a Doubt had arisen whether, by the Laws then in force relating to Hackney Coaches, such Persons being licensed in the usual and general Form, were not compellable to do the ordinary Work of Hackney Coaches, and to carry Fares for Hire to any Parts or Places within the Cities of London or, or within

the Distance of Ten Miles thereof, which would be attended not only with great Inconvenience to the Inhabitants of such Towns and Places, but might also be a great lessening to His Majesty's Revenue arising from Hackney Coaches; it was by the same recited Act declared, that, from and after the passing thereof, the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, or any other Person or Persons having Authority to put any of the Laws in Execution concerning licensed Hackney Coachmen, their Renters or their Drivers,

should not be compelled or compellable to fine or punish any licensed Hackney Coachman, his Renter or Driver, for refusing to carry a Fare out of the ordinary Course of his Stage Work or Duty, who should regularly use and employ his Coach so licensed as a Stage Coach to and from any of the Towns or Places in the Neighbourhood of the said Cities of London and Westminster, and who should also, by painting in legible Characters on the Door of such Coach, or by a Board to be painted in legible Characters on the Door of such Coach,

plainly denote and distinguish the same to be a Stage Coach to and from any such Town or Place; any Thing in the said therein recited Act, or in any other Act relating to Hackne}^ Coaches,

4 to the contrary notwithstanding: And Whereas an Act passed

4 in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 25 G.3. c. 5i. intituled An Act for repealing the Dirties on Licenses taken out § 4-

by Persons letting Horses for the Purpose of travelling Post, and '

4 on Horses' let to Hire for travelling Post and by Time, and on Stage Coaches, and for granting other Duties lieu thereof, and also additional Duties on Horses let to Hire for travelling Post and by Time: And Whereas certain Duties in the same Act 4 specified in lieu of the Duties by the said recited Act repealed were thereby granted on Persons who should keep any Carriage in the said recited Act described, and among others the Sum of Five Shillings to be paid annually for a Licence for that Purpose, and also One Penny for every Mile such Carriage should travel; and such Duties were thereby placed under the Management of the Commissioners of Stamp Duties: And Whereas it was thereby further enacted and declared, that nothing therein contained should extend or be construed to extend to any Horses used in Hackney Coaches licensed pursuant to several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, where the Horses drawing such Hackney Coaches should be employed to go no greater Distance than Ten Miles from the Cities of London or.

Q q 4 4

600

C. 88.

44° GEO. III.

A.D. 1804.

S7 G. 3. c. 16.

SI.

Commissioners may license Hackney Coaches as public Stages in the Neighbourhood of London, under such Regulations as the Treasury shall direct.

(Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof: And Whereas a certain ‘ Penalty of Ten Pounds for each Offence is by the said last

recited Act imposed on Persons who should keep any such Car-

riages as therein described to be employed as public Stage ‘ Coaches, without having first obtained a Licence according to i the Provisions of the said Act: And Whereas an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, ‘ intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty an additional

Duty on Stage Coaches, whereby an additional Duty of One 4 Penny per Mile was charged on the Owner or Owners of every

Coach or other Carriage therein described to be employed as

public Stage Coaches: And Whereas a great Number of Persons, licensed by the said Commissioners to use and keep for ‘ Hire Hackney Coaches, regularly use and employ the same as ‘ stated Stages to and from different Towns and Places in the Neighbourhood of the Cities of London and, some

of which Towns and Places are within and others without the

Weekly Bills of Mortality: And Whereas it is also of great Convenience to the Persons residing in the said Cities of London and Westminster, and the Towns, Villages and Places in

the Neighbourhood thereof, to be conveyed to and from the same at an easy Expence by Means of such licensed stated Stages under proper Regulations: And Whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under and by virtue of the several Acts herein- before recited, or either of them, the Owners of Hackney Coaches, licensed by the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, are liable, when employed or Jet 4 out as Stage Coaches for conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places, to the annual Duty of Five Shillings for a 4 Licence, and the several Duties of One Penny and additional Duty of One Penny, in the said recited Acts respectively men *

tioned, for every Mile such Carriage shall travel, or to any or either of such Duties: And Whereas it is expedient that such Doubts should be removed May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches for the time being, with the Approbation and under the Authority of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, for any Three or more of them, for the time being, to license, authorize and empower such and so many of the Owners of Hackney Coaches licensed or to be licensed by the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, as shall from Time to Time appear to the said Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, on the Representation of the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, to be necessary, to ply for Hire, and to use and employ, as public stated Stages, such their licensed Hackney Coaches to and from any such Towns, Villages or Places in the Neighbourhood of and to such Distances from the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of South'warJc, as well within as without the Weekly Bills of Mortality, under and

subject

A.D. 1804.

44 GEO. III. C. 88, 89.

601

subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Restrictions as shall be required by the said Lords Commissioners in that Behalf: Provided always, that the Owners or Renters of such licensed Hackney Coaches do plainly denote and distinguish such their respective Coaches to be stated Stages to and from such Town, Village or Place for which they shall be respectively licensed as aforesaid, by painting the same in legible Characters on the Door or other conspicuous and open Part of such their several and respective Coaches.

4II. And Whereas all or most of the Owners or Keepers of Hackney Coaches licensed by the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches used and employed as Stage Coaches to and from the said Cities of London and Westminster and the Borough of Southwark, and the Suburbs thereof, have omitted to take out the annual Licence required, by the said recited Act of the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be taken out by those keeping Coaches or other Carriages employed as Public Stage Coaches or Carriages; and Doubts have arisen whether by such Omission they have not rendered themselves liable to the Penalty in the said recited Acts mentioned Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That no Owner or Keeper of any such Hackney Coach or Coaches, who shall have been licensed by the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Hackney Coaches, shall be, or be deemed, construed or taken to be subject or liable to the said Penalty, although he, she or they shall have kept, used and employed any such Hackney Coach as a Public Stage Coach for the Purpose of carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places within the Distance of Ten Miles from the said Cities of London and,

and shall have let out such Coach for such Purposes as aforesaid, without having first obtained a Licence under the Hands of Two of the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or some Person duly authorized by them; and all Persons against whom any Prosecution or Proceeding shall have been or shall be laid for any such Penalty, or in relation thereto, shall be and are hereby indemnified; any Thing contained in the said recited Acts or any other Act now in force, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. LXXXIX.

An Act for confirming the Provisions of an Act, made in Ireland in the Thirty second Y7ear of His present- Majesty, so far as the same prohibits the Import of Malt into and for repealing the Power given to the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, prohibiting the Use of Oats and Oatmeal in the Distillation of Spirits, in Ireland.

[20th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Parliament.of Ireland in the Thirty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the Increase of Agriculture and Commerce, by establishing a reciprocal Preference in the Corn

4 Trade behveen this Kingdom and Great Britain, Malt is pro-

hibited to be imported into Ireland t And Whereas the said Act

has

Such Coaches shall be distinguished as Stages.

Licensed Owners of Hackney Coaches indemnified against Penalties for omitting to take out Stage Licences under

25 G.3. c. 51.

32 G. 3. c. 20.

(I.)

602

C. 89, SO, 91.

U° GEO. III. A.D. 180*.

44 G. 3. C. 28.

§ 7, 8. and any other Act for Importation of Malt into Ireland, repealed.

So much of 44 G.3. c.ll., as enables the Lord Lieutenant to prohibit the Use of Oats, &c. in Distillation, &c. repealed.

EXP.

[27 G. 3. (I.) c. 40. continued by 36 G.3(I.)

c. 25. § 70.]

‘ has been attended with beneficial Effects May it therefore ‘ please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of an Act, passed in this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Malt made in Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, and also so much of any other Act and Acts now in force and effect, as allows, permits or suffers the Importation of Malt into Ireland by virtue of any Proclamation of the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, or by any other Authority, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for enabling the Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, to prohibit, until the Twenty Day March One thousand eight hundred and fve, the Distillation of Spirits from Oats or Oatmeal in Ireland; and for indemnifying such Persons as have acted in advising or carrying into Execution a Proclamation of the

Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ireland, prohibiting such Distillation, as enables the Lord Lieutenant or other Chief Governor or Governors of Ireland, with the Advice of the Privy Council, to prohibit, by Proclamation, the Use of Oats or Oatmeal in the brewing, making or fermenting any Wort, Wash or Pot Ale, for making or extracting Low Wines or Spirits, or inflicts any Penalty or Forfeiture in respect of the same, for any Offence or Offences committed since the First Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. XC.

An Act to continue, until Seven Years after the passing thereof and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the better Execution of the Law and Preservation of the Peace within Counties at . (a) [20th 1804.]

/a) [27 G. 3. c. 40. (I.) continued until 25th March 1814. — 52 G. 3. c. 91. — and until 25th March 1815. — 54 G. 3. c. 33. § 1. — but no further

CAP. XCI.

An Act to permit the Issue and Negotiation of certain Promissory Notes, under a limited Sum, by registered Bankers in Ireland; and to restrain the Issue and Negotiation of

certain other Notes.

[20th July 1804.]

[Repealed, together with the herein recited 45 G. 3. c. 41.]

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 92.

603

CAP. XCII.

An Act to render more easy the apprehending, and bringing to Trial, Offenders escaping from One Part of the United Kingdom to the other, and also from One County to another.

[20th 1804.]

WHEREAS it frequently happens that Persons, against

W whom Warrants are granted by Justices of Peace for the

several Counties and Places in I, escape into other Coun-

ties or Places, out of the Jurisdiction of the Justices of Peace

granting such Warrants; and it may also frequently happen, that ‘ Persons having committed Offences in some County or Place in ‘ Ireland, may reside or be in some other County or Place out of

‘ the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices of the County or Place ‘ in which such Offence was committed, whereby such Offenders may or will easily avoid being punished for the Offences where- with they are charged Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, in case any Person, against whom a Warrant shall be issued bj' any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, within Ireland (a) , shall escape, go into, reside or be, in any other County, Citj ^, Liberty, Town or Place, out of the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Person shall escape, go into, reside or be, and such Justice or Justices is and are hereby required upon Proof being made upon Oath of the HandWriting of the Justice or Justices granting such Warrant, to indorse his or their Name or Names on such Warrant, which Indorsement shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all other Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, to execute such Warrant in the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the same was indorsed, and to apprehend and carry such Offender or Offenders before the Justice who indorsed such Warrant, or before some other Justice or Justices of such other County, City, Liberty, Town or Place where such Warrant was indorsed; and in case the Offence for which such Offender shall be apprehended shall be bailable in Law, and such Offender shall be willing and ready to give Bail for his or their Appearance at the next Assizes or General Gaol Delivery, or next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the Offence was committed, such Justice or Justices by whom such Warrant was indorsed, or such other Justice before whom any such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, shall and may proceed with such Offender or Offenders, and take Bail for his or their Appearance at the next Assizes or General Gaol Delivery, or at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, City, Liberty, Town

(a) [As to Offenders escaping from Ireland into Great,

and from thence into Ireland, see § 3, 4.

or

Where Persons, against whom Warrants have been issued, escape into another County in Ireland, Justices of County where they reside shall indorse WTarrants for Execution.

Where Offences are bailable Justices may take Bail, and transmit Recognizance, &c. to the proper County.

60 *

C. 92.

* 4° GEO. III. A.D. 180*.

Constable neglecting to deliver Recognizance.

Penalty 51. Irish Currency.

Offender not bailed, taken before Justice of proper County.

Justices indorsing Warrants, not liable to Action.

or Place, where such Offence was committed, in the same manner as the Justices of the Peace of the proper County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, should or might have done in such proper County, City, Liberty, Town or Place; and the Justice or Justices so taking Bail as aforesaid, shall deliver the Recognizance, together with the Examination or Confession of such Offender or Offenders, and all other Proceedings relating thereto, had before such Justice, to the Constable or other Officer or Officers, or Person or Persons so apprehending such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid, who are hereby required to receive; the same, and to deliver over such Recognizance, Examination or other Proceedings, to the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Offender or Offenders is or are required to appear by virtue of such Recognizance; and such Recognizance, Examination and Confession respectively, shall be as good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes, and of the same Force and Validity, as if the same had been entered into, taken or acknowledged, before a Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the proper County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the Offence was committed, and the same Proceedings shall be had thereon; and in case any Constable, Officer or other Person to whom such Recognizance, Examination, Confession or other Proceedings shall be delivered as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to deliver over the same to the Clerk of the Crown or Clerk of the Peace of the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Offender is required to appear by virtue of such Recognizance, such Constable, Officer or other Person, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds Irish Currency, to be recovered against him by Bill, Civil Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland, by any Person or Persons who will prosecute or sue for the same, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance; and in case the Offence for which such Offender or Offenders shall be apprehended and taken in Manner aforesaid, shall not be bailable in Law, or such Offender or Offenders shall not give Bail for his or their Appearance at the next Assizes or General Gaol Delivery, or next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where the Offence was committed, to the Satisfaction of the Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be brought, then and in such case the Constable, Officer or other Person so apprehending such Offender or Offenders, shall carry and convey such Offender or Offenders before One of His Majesty's Justices of Peace of the proper County, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Offence was committed, there to be dealt with according to Law.

[as to admitting \Persons apprehended to Baily 45 G. 3. c. 92. — See

also 45 G. S. c. 186.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Action of Trespass, false Imprisonment or Indictment, or other Action, shall be brought, sued, commenced or prosecuted by any Person or Persons whatsoever, against the Justice or Justices who shall indorse such Warrant, for or by reason of his or their indorsing such Warrant:Provided always, that such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty to bring or prosecute his or their Action or Suit against the

Justice

A.D. 1804.

W GEO. III. C. 92.

605

Justice or Justices who originally granted such Warrant, in the same Manner as such Person or Persons might have done in case this Act had not been made.

III. And Whereas it may frequently happen that Felons and ‘ other Malefactors, in that Part of the United Kingdom called 1 Ireland, make their Escape into that Part of the United Kingdom

called Great Britain, as also that Felons and other Malefactors f in that Part of the United Kingdom called Great Britain may make their Escape into that Part of the United Kingdom called

Ireland, whereby their Offences often remain unpunished, there ‘ being no sufficient Provision, by the Laws now in force in Great Britain and Ireland respectively, for apprehending such Offend-i ers and transmitting them into that Part of the United Kingdom ‘ in which their Offences were committed For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, if any Person or Persons against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any of the Judges of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace or other Person having Authority to issue the same within Ireland, for any Crime or Offence against the Laws in force in Ireland, shall escape, go into, reside or be in any Place in England or Scotland respectively, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, in England or Scotland respectively, whither or where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, reside or be, to indorse his Name on such Warrant, which Warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, and also to all Constables or other Peace Officers of the County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where such Warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the said Warrant in the County, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant is granted, and to convey him, her or them by the most direct Way into Ireland, and before One of the Justices of the P^ace of the County in Ireland, living near the Place and in the County where he, she or they shall arrive and land; which Justice of the Peace is hereby required to proceed with regard to such Person or Persons as if the said Person or Persons had been legally apprehended in the said County in Ireland.

IV. And, for Remedy of the like Inconveniency by the Escape into Ireland of Persons guilty of Crimes in England or Scotland < respectively; ’ Be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, if any Person or Persons against whom a Warrant shall be issued by any of the Judges of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, or of the Courts of Great Sessions in Wales, or any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace of any County, Stewartry, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place, within England or Scotland respectively, or other Person having Authority to issue the same within England or Scotland respectively, for any Crime or Offence against the Laws of England or Scotland respectively,

Offenders escaping from Ireland into Great Britain, may be apprehended and conveyed to Ireland.

Offenders escaping from Great Britain into Ireland, may be apprehended and conveyed back in like Manner.

* 606

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Expence of Removal of Prisoners -defrayed by Treasurers of Counties, &c.

Treasurers of Counties in Ireland reimbursed Expen ces by Pre. *entments of Grand Juries.

Offenders escaping with

C. 92:

ively, shall escape, go into, reside or be in any Place of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place in, whither

or where such Person or Persons shall escape, go into, or reside or be, to indorse his Name on such Warrant, which Warrant so indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons bringing such Warrant, and to all Persons to whom such Warrant was originally directed, and also to all Sheriffs Officers, Constables and other Peace Officers of the County or Place in Ireland where such Warrant shall be so indorsed, to execute the said Warrant in the County or Place in Ireland where it is so indorsed, by apprehending the Person or Persons against whom such Warrant may be granted, and to convey him, her or them, by the most direct Way into England or Scotland respectively, and before One of the Justices of Peace of the County or Stewartry, in England or Scotland respectively, living near the Place and in the County where he, she or they shall arrive and land, which Justice of Peace is hereby authorized and required to proceed with regard to such Person or Persons as if such Person or Persons had been legally apprehended in the said County or Stewartry of England or Scotland respectively.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of removing

- Prisoners as aforesaid to any Place in, Scotland and Ireland respectively, shall be repaid to the Person defraying the same by the Treasurer of the County in England or Ireland respectively, or by the Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute of the County or Stewartry in Scotland, in which the Crime was committed, the Amount of such Expence being previously ascertained by an Account thereof verified upon Oath before Two of the Justices of the Peace of such County or Stewartry, and allowed and signed by them; and such Treasurer, Sheriff or Stewart Depute or Substitute, shall be allowed such Payments in their respective Accounts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurers of the several Counties in Ireland, who have paid the Amount of any such Expences so ascertained as aforesaid, shall lay the said Account, together with the Allowance of the same so signed as aforesaid, before the Grand Juries of their respective Counties, at the Assizes holden for such Counties next after such Expences shall be paid, or at any subsequent Assizes; and it shall be lawful for such Grand Juries, and they are hereby respectively required to present a Sum equal to the Amount of such Expences, to be raised from the County at large, for the Purpose of reimbursing sueli Treasurers.

1 VII. And Whereas it frequently happens, that Persons having stolen or otherwise feloniously taken away Money, Cattle, Goods

or other Effects, in One of the Parts of the United Kingdom, carry the same into another Part of the said United Kingdom, and there

have the said Money, Cattle, Goods or other Effects in their 1 Possession or Custody; and Doubts may be entertained whether i they could be indicted and tried in that Part of the United Kingdom where such Offenders have the said Money, Cattle, Goods

and other Effects, in their Possession or Custody, as the original ' Offence was not committed in such Part of the said United Kingdom Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That, from

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 92, 93, 94.

60?

and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, if any Person or Persons having stolen or otherwise feloniously taken Money, Cattle, Goods or other Effects, in any One of the Parts of the said United Kingdom, shall afterwards have the same Money, Goods, Chattels or other Effects, or any Part thereof, in his, her or their Possession or Custody, in any other Part of the United Kingdom, it shall and may be lawful to indict, try and punish such Person or Persons, for Theft or Larceny, in that Part of the United Kingdom where he, she or they shall so have such Money, Cattle, Goods or other Effects, in his, her or their Possession or Custody, as if the said Money, Cattle, Goods or other Effects, had been stolen in that Part of the United Kingdom.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in any One of the Parts of the United Kingdom shall hereafter receive or have any Cattle, Goods or other Effects, stolen or otherwise feloniously taken in any other Part of the United Kingdom, knowing the same to have been stolen or otherwise feloniously taken, every such Person or Persons shall be liable to be indicted, tried and punished for such Offence in that Part of the United Kingdom where he, she or they shall so receive or have the said Cattle, Goods or other Effects, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Cattle, Goods or other Effects, had been originally stolen or otherwise feloniously taken, in that of the United Kingdom in which such Person shall so receive or have such Cattle, Goods or other Effects respectively.

CAP. XCIII.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money, to be raised by Lotteries.

[20th July 1804.]

CAP. XCIV.

An Act to explain an Act of the present Session of Parliament, for consolidating* and amending the Provisions of

J O O

the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, so far as respects the accounting for Monies received by Volunteer Officers.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled An Act to consolidate and amend the Provisions of the several Acts relating to Corps of Yeomanry and Volunteers in Great Britain, and to make further Regulations relating thereto, certain Sums of Money are directed to be paid to the Commanding or other Officers of or Persons belonging to Corps or Troops or Companies of Yeomanry and Volunteers, 4 in the several Cases in the said Act specified, to be by such Officers or other Persons paid, applied and accounted for, in the Manner and for the Purposes therein directedNow, be it enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Officer or other Person belonging to any Corps or Troop or Company of Yeomanry of Volunteers, shall be deemed a Public Accountant or Subaccountant, by reason of any Monies which have been issued or shall be issued to or received by him, by virtue of the said recited Act.

stolen Goods from one Part to any other Part of the Kingdom may be tried where same shall be found in Possession of Offenders.

Persons receiving such stolen Goods may be tried in the Place where they receive the same.

EXP.

44 G 3. c. 54. § 36. 49, 50.]

Officers, &c. shall not be deemed Public Accountants, on account of Money received under recited Act.

608

C. 95 — 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

EXP:

From Oct. 10, 1804, the Duties, Discounts, Allowances and Drawbacks of Stamps shall cease.

CAP. XCV.

An Act to amend certain of the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty to enable His Majesty to provide for the Defence and Security of the Realm, which respect the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments for the Public Service.

[28th 1804.]

(«) [43 G. 3. c. 55. which tvas to continue only during the [Far.]

CAP. XCVI.

An Act to alter, amend and render more effectual an Act, passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled

Act for establishing and maintain a additional

Force for the Defence of the Realm, and to provide for augmenting His Majesty's Regidar; and for the gradual

Reduction of the Militia of England; so far as the same relates to the City of London.

[28th 1804.]

[Repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 144.]

CAP. XCVII.

An Act for raising the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds Irish Currency, by Treasury Bills, for the Service

of Ireland, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four. - [28th July 1804.]

CAP. XCVIII.

An Act to repeal the several Duties under the Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in Great Britain, and to grant new and additional Duties in lieu thereof.

[2Sth 1804.]

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the several Rates and Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and upon other Articles and Things under the Care of the Commissioners for managing the said Duties, are become very numerous, intricate and complicated, and it will tend to give Facility to Business, and contribute materially to the public Benefit to consolidate and simplify the same Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, all and singular the Duties, Allowances, Discounts, Compensations and Drawbacks of Stamp Duties, and other Duties under the Care of the said Commissioners for managing the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, granted by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, shall cease and determine (save and except in all Cases relating to the recovering, allowing or paying any Arrears thereof respectively, which may at that Time remain unpaid, or to any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures relating thereto respectively, which

shall

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 98.

609

shall have been incurred at any Time before or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four): Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to repeal or in any wise alter the Duties granted by an Act of the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the Union of Great Britain and Ireland.

II. And Whereas the Commons of Great Britain and < in Parliament assembled, towards raising the necessary Supplies

to defray the Expences of the just and necessary War in which

Your Majesty is engaged, have resolved to grant to Your Majesty several new and additional and other Duties on stamped

Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and upon other Articles and

Things under the Management of the Commissioners of the

Stamp Duties, and do therefore most humbly beseech Your

Majesty that it may be enacted and be it therefore enacted,

That, from and after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, in lieu and instead of the said Duties respectively by this Act repealed, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, in England, unto His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, for and in respect of the several Instruments, Articles, Matters and Things mentioned, enumerated and described in the Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) hereunto annexed, the several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Column of the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) , intituled u England and that there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid in like Manner in, the

several Sums of Money and Duties as they are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the Column of the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) , intituled " and that there

shall he made, allowed and paid, for or in respect of all such Articles, Matters or Things as are inserted, enumerated and described in the Schedule marked (C.) hereunto annexed, the several Allowances, Drawbacks or Sums of Money, as the same are respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedule marked (C.)

III. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to make void any Licence or Licences granted under or by virtue of any Law or Laws relating to His Majesty's Stamp Duties, in force before or on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, or to require or compel any Person, to whom any such Licence shall have been granted, to renew or take out any fresh Licence until the End and Expiration of the Term for which any Licence was granted; save and except all such Licences as may or shall have been granted under the Authority aforesaid, to any Person or Persons for employing any public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and they are hereby directed and required to deduct and allow, to such Persons respectively as shall pajr the Duties by this Act imposed on Licences for keeping or employing public Stage Coaches or Carriages for the

44° GEO. III. R r Purpose

Proviso for Duties, &c. under

39 & 40 G. 3.

c. 67.

From Oct, lOi. 1804, the Duties and Allowances or Drawbacks in. the annexed Schedules shall be paid and allowed in lieu of former Duties.

Proviso for Licences before granted, except Licences for Stage Coaches, .

Allowance for unexpired Term of such Licences.

610

C. 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Proviso for Contracts for farming Post Horse Duties.

Duties under Management of Commissioners for Stamps, who may employ Officers, allow Salaries, provide Stamps, &c.

Proviso for Parchment, &c. stamped before Oct. 10, 1804.

Duties and Drawbacks paid and allowed as former Duties and Drawbacks j and Provisions

Purpose of carrying Passengers for Hire, at and after the Rate of One Shilling and Three Pence for each and every entire Quarter of a Year which may remain unexpired of the Term of any former Licence granted to any such Persons respectively for the like Purpose.

V. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to annul or make void any Contract or Agreement, made or entered into by His Majesty's Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, under or by virtue of any Law or Laws in force before or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, for letting to Farm the Rates and Duties on Horses let to Hire, for travelling Post and by Time; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

[/Is to Farming the Post Horse, see 48 G. 3.

c. 98 — 51 G. 3. c. 76. — 54 G. 3. c. 174. — 57 G. 3. c. 59. xvhick is continued until 31 st January 1824. — 1 G. 4. 88. § 1.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That, for the better and more effectual levying and collecting the Duties by this Act granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being appointed to manage the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to appoint and employ such Officers under them for that Purpose, and to allow such Salaries and incidental Charges as may be necessary, and to provide such Marks, Stamps or Dies, in order to denote any of the several Duties payable by virtue of this Act, whenever they see Occasion, to use such Stamps as shall have been heretofore provided to denote any former Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or to cause new Stamps to be provided for the Purpose of denoting the Duties granted by this Act, and to alter or renew the same respectively from time to time, and to do nil other Things necessary to be done for putting this Act into Execution, with relation to the said Duties hereby granted, in the like and in as full and ample a Manner as they or the major Part of them, are authorized to put in Execution any Law or Laws concerning stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners for managing the Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and they are hereby authorized to issue any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, stamped before the Tenth Day of

with any Stamp or Mark denoting any Duty of like Amount, with any of the Duties specified in the said Schedule; or for any Persons having in their Possession any such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, to issue, use or apply the same, in like Manner as if the same had been stamped with Stamps or Dies expressly provided under the Authority of this Act; any Thing in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Sums of Money respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules marked (A.) and (B.) as Duties payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the several Allowances, Drawbacks and Sums of Money, for or in respect of the several Articles, Matters and Things inserted, described and set forth in the said

20 Schedule

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 98.

611

Schedule marked (C.) shall and may be respectively raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, in such and the like Manner, and in or by any or either of the general or special Means, Ways or Methods, by which the former Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper respectively, and the Allowances and Drawbacks under the Management of the sard Commissioners respectively, were or might be raised, levied, collected, answered, paid, recovered, adjudged, mitigated and allowed; and the several Persons, and also all Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other Material, of what Nature or Kind soever, upon which any Matter or Thing shall be written, printed or ingrossed, and by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of Duty, and also the several other Articles, Matters and Things by this Act respectively made liable to the Payment of Duty, or which shall be entitled to any Allowance or Drawback as respectively inserted, described and set forth in the said Schedules, marked (A.) , (B.) and (C.) , shall be, and the same are hereby made, except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act, subject and liable to all and every the Conditions, Regulations, Rules and Restrictions to which such Persons, and also such Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other Material of what Nature or Kind soever, upon which any such Matter or Thing as aforesaid shall be written, printed or ingrossed, and other Articles, Matters and Things as aforesaid, were generally or specially subject and liable by any Act or Acts of Parliament in force before or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, respecting the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and all and every Pain, Penalty, Fine or Forfeiture (except where any Alteration is expressly made by this Act) , for any Offence whatsoever, committed against or in breach of any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force, before or on the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, for securing the Duties under the Management of the said Commissioners of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, or for the Regulation or Improvement of the said Duties, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Directions, Matters and Things therein contained, (unless where expressly altered by this Act) , shall and are hereby directed and declared to extend to, and shall be respectively applied, practised and put into Execution, for and in respect of the several Duties by this Act charged, imposed and allowed, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as If all and every the said Clauses, Provisions, Powers, Directions, Fines, Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall forge or counterfeit, or cause or procure to be forged or counterfeited, any Mark, Stamp or Die which shall be provided, made or used in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble, or cause or procure to be counterfeited or resembled, the Impression of any such Mark, Stamp or Die, upon any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other Material, or upon any

R r 2 other

of former Acts, except hereby altered, extended to this Act.

Penalties, &c. except as aforesaid, of former Acts, extended to this Act.

Counterfeiting Stamps, &c. Felony without Clergy.

612

C. 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

No Actions for Penalties commenced but in Name of Attorney General in England, and Advocate for Scotland, or some Officer of the Stamp Duties.

Proviso as to charging under separate Heads.

Inscriptions painted on Stage Coaches, distinguishing Number of Inside Passengers.

other Matter or Thing, or the Impression of the Stamp or Die, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, allowed to be issued, used or applied under the Authority of this Act, thereby to defraud his Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, of any of the Duties by this Act charged or imposed, or if any Person or Persons shall utter, vend or sell, any Vellum, Parchment, Paper or other Material, or other Matter or Thing, with such forged or counterfeit Mark, Stamp or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark, Stamp or Impression to be forged or counterfeit, every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be judged a Felon, and shall suffer Death, as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

[See further 52 G.3. c. 143. § 7.]

X. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said

Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to commence, prosecute, enter or file, or cause or procure to be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or other Magistrate or Magistrates whatsoever, against any Person or Persons, for the Recovery of any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, made or incurred by virtue of this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, relating to His Majesty's Stamp Duties, or any other Duties under the Management of the Commissioners of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for the time being, unless the same be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed in the Name of His Majesty's Attorney General, or His Majesty's Advocate for, as the Case may

be, in England or Scotland respectively, or in the Name of the Solicitor or some other Officer of His Majesty's Stamp Duties in England or Scotland respectively; and if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, shall be commenced, prosecuted, entered or filed, in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons than is or are in that Behalf before mentioned, the same, and every Proceeding thereupon had, are hereby declared, and the same shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no single Instrument, Article, Matter or Thing, which by this Act is subject or liable to only One Specific Duty, shall be charged or chargeable under any Two or more separate and distinct Heads or Denominations; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

" 20 G.3. c. 28. § 1 — 23 G. 3. c. 58. § 1. — 29 G. 3. c. 51. § 1. Duties charged by recited Acts on Legacies derived from Persons " who died previous to April 27, 1796, continued for Two Years <(from October 10, 1804. — § 12.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall be duly licensed to keep any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Diligence, Calash, Chaise Marine, Chaise, Chair or other Carriage, with Two or more Wheels, by what Name soever the same is or hereafter shall be called or known, to be employed as a public Stage Coach or Carriage for the Purpose of conveying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great Britain, shall, and he, she or they, is and are respectively

directed

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 98.

613

directed and required to paint, or cause to be painted, on the Outside of each Door of each such Carriage, or on some other conspicuous Part thereof, in legible Letters or Characters, of at least Two Inches in Length, and in a different Colour from the Ground on which the same are painted, the Words " Licensed to carry not " exceeding Four, Six, Eight, Ten, " or more Passengers, as the Licence obtained for such Carriages respectively shall specify or express; and if any Person or Persons shall employ or make use of any such Carriage as aforesaid for carrying Passengers for Hire to and from different Places in Great, without having the said

Words painted on the Outside of each Door of such Carriage, or in such other conspicuous Part thereof, and in such Manner as is herein before directed, or shall at any Time carry more Inside Passengers (Children in Lap excepted) than shall be specified or expressed in the Licence for usingsuch Carriage, and the Words so painted on the Outside of such Doors or other conspicuous Part of such Carriage, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Person who shall,

for or in Expectation of any Fee, Gain or Reward, directly or indirectly, draw or prepare any Conveyance of, or Deed relating to, any Real or Personal Estate, or any Proceedings in Law or Equity, other than and except Serjeants at Law, Barristers, Solicitors, Attornies, Notaries, Proctors, Agents or Procurators, having obtained regular Certificates, and Special Pleaders, Draftsmen in Equity, and Conveyancers, being Members of One of the Four Inns of Court, and having taken out the Certificates, mentioned in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, at the Head Office in, of

the Commissioners for managing the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and other than and except Persons solely employed to ingross any Deed, Instrument or other Proceedings not drawn or prepared by themselves and for their own Account respectively, and other than and except public Officers drawing or preparing official Instruments applicable to their respective Offices, and in the Course of their Duty, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Fifty Pounds:Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Person or Persons drawing or preparing any Will or other Testamentary Papers, or any Agreement not under Seal, or any Letter of Attorney.

XV. And be it further enacted, That nothing contained in an Act passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent any Solicitor, Attorney, Notary, Proctor, Agent or Procurator, charging in his Bill or Bill of Fees, Charges or Disbursements, the Amount of the Duty of Five Shillings by this Act granted on Warrants, Mandates, Authorities, Minutes or Memorandums, given to commence, carry on or defend, any Suit or Prosecution; any Tiling in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And Whereas it may happen that Stationers and other ‘ Persons may, after the passing of this Act, have Stamps which have not been used, and which, from the Alterations herein made, e may not be applicable to the Purposes for which they were originally intended; and it is expedient that such Stationers and

R r 3 ‘ other

Neglect, or carrying more than specified Number.

Penalty 20l.

Ceitain Persons only shall draw Conveyances, &c.

Penalty .501. Exceptions.

Duty on Warrants to commence Suits, &c. may be charged by Solicitors, &c. notwithstanding 25 G.3. c. 80. § 1.

614

C. 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Stamps may be exchanged within Twelve Months after this Act.

Commissioners may exchange Stamps spoiled upon satisfactory Proof.

5 G.3.

§39.

No Stamp Duty on Volunteer Commissions.

Exemption of Proceedings in Actions in forma Pauperis, Courts Martial, &c.

1 other Persons should be allowed to exchange the same for other < Stamps; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners for the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and they are hereby authorized and required, at any Time within Twelve Months after the passing of this Act, to deliver to such Persons as shall apply for the same, in Exchange for Stamps which by the Alterations in this Act made may ' have become useless or inapplicable to the Purposes for which they were originally intended, such other Stamps as the Party or Parties applying shall require, without regard to the Value or Amount of each Stamp returned, so as the Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps to be delivered doth not exceed the actual Value or Amount of the whole Quantity of Stamps returned; any Thing in this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and

for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties to exchange, in the Manner and under the special Circumstances mentioned in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for altering the Stamp Duties upon Admis-

sions into Corporations or Companies, and for further securing and improving the Stamp Duties in Great Britain, any Stamps which shall have been spoiled, whether the Instrument on which the Stamp is or may be impressed shall have been executed or not, upon such Proof on Oath, or solemn Affirmation in the Case of the People called Quakers, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, as they shall require; and, in order to prevent any fraudulent Claims that may be made in respect of the Allowance hereby granted, it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners to make such Rules and Orders for regulating the Methods, and limiting the Times, for cancelling or allowing other Stamps on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, in lieu of such as have been by any Means spoiled, damaged or rendered unfit for Use, and which have not been actually made use of for the Purposes intended, as they shall find necessary and convenient for effectually securing the Duties under their Management, and doing Justice to the Parties claiming the Benefit of such Indulgence.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Stamp Duty whatever shall be chargeable or charged, or payable or paid, for or in respect of any Commis-misions granted to any Officers of the Yeomanry Cavalry or Volunteer Infantry; any Thing in any Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with any Duty by this Act imposed, any Proceedings whatever with respect to any Person or Persons that shall be admitted to sue or defend in formd Pauperis, nor any Proceedings of any Court Martial which relate to any Trial of any common Soldier, nor any Orders, Decrees or Proceedings before any Commissioners of Sewers, or in the Court of Stanneries, nor any Instruments, Matters or Things, which, by virtue of the Acts passed in His present Majesty's Reign relating to the Redemption or Purchase of any Land Tax, or any of them, are specially exempted from Stamp Duties; any Thing in

44° GEO. III.

615

A.D. 1804.

C. 98.

this Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note or other Notes pay-Note for the Payment to the Bearer on Demand, of any Sum of Money able to Beam-exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, (save and except Promissory ng^e^ions) Notes or other Notes for the Payment by or on account of the Bank of no^to be°re-

Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen, issued, but

to the Bearer on Demand, of the Sum of One hundred Pounds,) shall cancelled, be reissued on any Pretence whatever; but when and as soon as any such Note for the Payment of any Sum of Money exceeding Twenty Pounds, save and except such Note for One hundred Pounds as aforesaid, shall be paid by or under the Order or Authority of the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Account the same was signed, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or in pursuance of any Direction, Nomination or Appointment for the Payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon any such Note, the same shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated and satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiable or transferable to any Intent, or Purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any Person or Persons shall issue, utter or negociate, or cause to be issued, uttered or negociated, any such Promissory Note or other Note after any such Payment thereof as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons, by whom such Payment as aforesaid shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to cancel the same, or cause the same to be cancelled, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Penalty 201. Offence, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Promissory Note or Notes for other Note for the Payment of Money to any Amount whatever any Amount to the Bearer on Demand, which may now by Law be reissued,

and which shall bear Date, or which shall have been issued before Demand which or on the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and shall bear Date four, shall, on any Pretence whatever, be reissued after the Tenth before or on Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five; but when Oct* io, 1804, and as soon as any such Note shall, after the said Tenth Day of iei!iSue October One thousand eight hundred and five, be paid by or under Qct 10 1805 the Authority of the Person or Persons by whom or on whose Be- but cancelled, half or on whose Account the same was signed, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, or in pursuance of any Direction, Nomination or Appointment for the Payment thereof, contained or expressed in or upon any such Note, the same shall be taken and construed to be thereupon wholly discharged, vacated and satisfied, and shall be no longer negotiated or transferable to any Intent or Purpose whatever, but shall be forthwith cancelled; and if any Person or Persons shall, after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, issue, utter or negotiate, or cause to be issued, uttered or negociated, any such Promissory or other Note as aforesaid, after any such Payment thereof as aforesaid, or if any Person or Persons by whom such Payment as aforesaid shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to cancel the same, or cause the same to be cancelled, every such Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit Penalty 201. the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Newspaper, or Paper No Newspaper

R r 4 containing to be printed

616

C. 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

on Paper above 32 Inches long and 22 broad.

Executors, &c. of Persons deceased in Scotland, shall exhibit upon Oath in Commissary Court, an Inventory of personal Estate and Effects of the Deceased, to be registered, &c.

Neglect.

[Penalty.]

Where Instruments, except

containing public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, shall be printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, on any Paper exceeding Thirty two Inches in Length and Twenty two Inches in Breadth; nor shall the Commissioners for managing His Majesty's Stamp Duties mark or stamp, or cause or suffer to be marked or stamped, with the Stamp for denoting the Duty on Newspapers, any Paper of a larger Size than Thirty two Inches in Length and Twenty two Inches in Breadth; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the

Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, all Executors, Administrators and nearest in Kin, Creditors or others, who intromit with or enter upon the Possession or Management of all or any of the personal or moveable Estate or Effects of any deceased Person in 'Scotland, shall, on or before disposing of or distributing any Part of such Effects, or uplifting an}' Debts due to the Deceased, and at all Events within Six Calendar Months next after having assumed such Possession or Management in Whole or in Part, and before any such Person or Persons shall be confirmed Executor or Executors Testamentary, or Executor or Executors Dative, exhibit upon Oath, in the proper Consistorial Court called the Commissary Courts a full and complete Inventory of such Estate and Effects, either already recovered or known to be existing, distinguishing whether situated in Scotland or elsewhere, likewise any Will or other Writing relative to the Disposal of such Estate or Effects, or any Part of them, which the Person or Persons exhibiting such Inventory may have Access to; and the said Inventory, together with the Will or other Writing, {if any such there be) shall be recorded in the Books of the said Court, without any other Expence to the Party than the ordinary Fees of Registration, and without Prejudice to the Laws of, in

other respects regarding total or partial Confirmations, or the Rules of Succession there established, and without Prejudice or Increase of the Fees payable upon Confirmations, which shall remain as they are at present; any Thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding: And in case at any Period a Discovery shall be made of other Effects belonging to the Deceased, which, on account of their not being known at the Time, were omitted in the said original Inventory, an additional Inventory or Inventories of the same shall, in like Manner, be exhibited upon Oath, and recorded by any Person or Persons intromitting with or assuming the Management thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to exhibit any such original or additional Inventory, or shall knowingly omit any Part of any such Estate and Effects therein, every Person so neglecting, or refusing or omitting, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding double the Value of the Stamp Duty payable according to the Schedule (A.) hereunto annexed, upon the Amount of such Estate and Effects of which any Inventory ought to have been exhibited in the Manner herein directed, or upon the Sum so omitted therein, nor less than One hundred Pounds for each such Neglect, Refusal or Omission; to be recovered and applied in the same Manner as any Penalty may by this Act be recovered and applied.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in any Case where it

shall

A.D. 180-L

* ¥> GEO. III. C. 98.

617

shall appear to the Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties, upon Oath or Affirmation, to be made before any One or more of the said Commissioners, (which Oath or Affirmation he or they is or are hereby authorized to administer) , or otherwise to their Satisfaction, that any Instrument, Matter or Thing whatsoever, except Bills of Exchange, Promissory Notes or other Notes, Drafts, Orders or Receipts, required by Law to be ingrossed, printed or written on stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, hath been ingrossed, printed or written on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not duly stamped with a Stamp of the Value by this Act required, either by Accident or Inadvertency, or from urgent Necessity or unavoidable Circumstances, and without any wilful Delay or Intention in any Party or Parties thereto, to evade the Duties by this Act imposed, or to defraud His Majesty thereof, and such Instrument, Matter and Thing shall be brought to the said Commissioners to be stamped within Twelve Months after the making or Execution thereof, it shall be lawful for such Commissioners of His

Bills of Exchange, &c. have without fraudulent Intention been written on improper Stamps, the Commissioners may remit the Penalty if brought to be duly stamped within Twelve Months after Execution.

Majesty's Stamp Duties to remit the Penalty payable on stamping such Instrument, Matter or Thing, or any Part thereof, as they shall deem expedient; and every Person concerned in ingrossing, printing or writing any such Instrument, Matter or Thing, or in making or executing the same, shall be, and he or she is hereby freed, discharged and indemnified from all further Penalties or Forfeitures, than such Penalties or Forfeitures, or such Parts thereof, as shall not be remitted by Order of the said Commissioners of His Majesty's Stamp Duties:Provided always, that Receipts may nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, be stamped as to prevent the said Commissioners from stamping any Receipts now aH°wed* allowed to be stamped, after the same shall have been written and signed, under such and the like Circumstances, Restrictions and Regulations, as such Receipts may now be stamped: Provided And all former also, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they Allowances are hereby authorized to make all such Payments and Allowances (not as are by any Act or Acts now in force, in relation to the Duties may be road* on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any of those heretofore directed to be made, paid and allowed by the said Commissioners, and are not by this Act, or the Schedule hereto annexed, varied, altered or expressly repealed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That so much of an Act, S7 G. 3.C. 90. passed in the Thirty seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, § *3.

intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties platiugi? on the several Matters therein mentioned, and for better securing the Acbnissions Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitors, Attornies and others practising in certain Courts of Justice Great Britain, as

directs that, in respect of each and "every Copyhold Tenement of the Value of Twenty Shillings per Annum or upwards, mentioned in any Surrender, Admittance or Copy of Court Roll of any Honour or Manor, and each and every'Custom Right or Tenant Right Tenement, not being Copyhold (of the Value before mentioned) , in any Surrender, Admittance or Instrument of Admittance, whereupon a several Fine shall be due and payable to the Lord or Lady of any Honour or Manor, or a several Fee shall be demanded or received by any Steward or Deputy Steward of such Honour

or

C. 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

618

And also 38 G. 3. c. 85. §4.

Repealed.

Duties shall be paid to the Receiver General of Stamp Duties, and by him into the Exchequer, and carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Application of Duties.

After setting apart

3, 077, 4631.18s. (the average yearly Produce of Duties repealed,) the Remainder shall be deemed additional Revenue under tins Act.

or Manor, a distinct and several Stamp Duty shall be charged according to the Amount of all the Duties imposed thereon by the said Act, or any former Act or Acts in force on or immediately before the passing of the said Act; and also so much of the said Act as imposes a Penalty upon any Steward or other Officer of any Copyhold Court, or of any Customary or Tenant Right Court, for demanding, taking or receiving any such Fine or Fee as aforesaid, without, at the same time, demanding and receiving the Stamp Duty in respect of each several and distinct Tenement as aforesaid; and also so much of another Act, passed in the Thirty eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for explaining and amending certain Acts relating to the Stamp,

and for extending the Rales and Duties of Stamps notv payable on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to all other, as relates to

the Stamp Duties charged in respect of any Surrender, Admittance, Copy of Court Roll, or Instrument of Admittance of or to any Copyhold Tenement, or any Customary or Tenant Right Estate, and as imposes any Penalties upon any Steward or Officer of any Copyhold Court, or Customary or Tenant Right Court, in relation to such Duties, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act imposed shall, from time to time, be paid into the Hands of the Receiver General for the time being of the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who shall pay the same (the necessary Charges of raising, paying and accounting for the same being first deducted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, at such Time and in such Manner as the former Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, were directed to be paid; and the said Money, so paid into the said Receipt, shall be carried to and made Part of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain; and that, at the End of every Quarter of a Year after the said Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, that is to say, on the Fifth Day of the Fifth Day of

April, the Fifth Day of July, and the Tenth Day of in

every Year, there shall be set apart at the said Receipt, out of the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act granted, a Sum of Seven hundred sixty nine thousand three hundred sixty five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Six Pence, being One fourth Part of the Sum of Three millions seventy seven thousand four hundred sixty three Pounds and Eighteen Shillings, the average yearly Produce of Two Years, ending the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and four, of the Duties which are by this Act repealed; and that, after setting apart such quarterly Sums as aforesaid, the Remainder of the Monies arising by the Duties by this Act granted, shall be deemed an Addition made to the Revenue for the Purpose of defraying the increased Charge occasioned by any Loan made or Stock created or to be created by virtue of any Act or Acts passed or to be passed in this Session of Parliament; and, during the Space of Ten Years next ensuing, there shall be provided and kept, in the Office of the Auditor of the said Receipt, a Book or Books, in which all the Surplus Monies arising from the said Rates otf Duties, and paid into the said Receipt, shall be entered separate and apart from- all other Monies paid or payable to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, on any Account whatever.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 98.

XXVII. And be it farther enacted, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures imposed or created by this Act, except where otherwise expressly directed, shall be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated, by such Ways, Means or Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture may be sued for, recovered, levied or mitigated by any Law or Laws in force on or before the Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, for securing

and improving His Majesty's Stamp Duties, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland

respectively; and from and after the passing of this Act, all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, heretofore imposed or granted by any Act or Acts relating to the Duties on Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or this Act, shall go and be applied to the Use of His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, any Thing in any Act of Acts to the contrary notwithstanding:Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in every Case in which any Part of any such Fine, Penalt)' or Forfeiture, was by any such Act or Acts given to any Informer, to give such Part of any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, or any Proportion thereof, as the said Commissioners shall deem expedient, to any Person who may inform for or discover any Offence, in respect of which any such Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture, may be discovered, or assist in the Recovery thereof.

[Houses in the West Indies may be insured against Fire being liable to the Duty on Li, under this , 50 G. 3. c. 35. § 1. as to which see 55 G. 3. c. 184. § 1. Duties in Schedule A. repealed (save and except the Duties on Licences for selling Ale, Beer or other Exciseable Liquors — Hats and Medicines — for exercising the Trade of a Pawnbroker — for letting to Hire Horses for the Purpose of travelling Post or otherwise, and for letting to Hire Stage Coaches or Carriages — Duties on Newspapers, Pamphlets, Almanacks and,

and Books or Pamphlets serving the Purpose of Almanacks or Calendars) , 48 G. 3. c. 149. § 1. but which as to Ale and other Exciseable Liquors is r, 48 G. 3. c. 143. § 1. — as to Medicines, 52 G. 3. c. 150. § 3. — as to,

55 G. 3. c. 184. § 1. — and as to Stage, Gold and Silver

Plate, Advertisements, Almanacks, Newspapers and, 55 G.3. c. 185. §1.] '

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.) STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Licence for uttering or vending by Retail, within the Cities of London s* d* &£* s. d.

and Westminster, or within the Limits of the Twopenny Post, any Hats

619

Fines, &c. be recovered as under former Acts except otherwise directed (See§ 10.) but applied to His Majesty's Use, &c.

Informer maybe rewarded.

620

C. 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (A.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

sC. s. d. sS. s. d.

commonly called or known by the Name of Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, or any Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or mixed with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hats shall be called or distinguished, yearly - 2 G 0 0 0 0

Licence for uttering or vending by Retail, any Hats commonly called or known by the Name of Felt or Wool, Stuff or Beaver Hats, or any Leather or Japanned Hats, or any Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or mixed with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hats shall be called or distinguished, in any other Place than as last above mentioned, yearly - -| 0 5 0 0 5 0

SCHEDULE (B.) STAMP DUTIES.

Name and Description of the Instrument, 1 or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

so in proportion for any or less Sum that is or sha

c. 184. § 1.]

[Duties on Advertisements Pamphlets made to cease, c. 185. § 1.]

Great Britain

England. Scotland.

s. d. 1 i > s. d.

r 0 2 6 I i i 0 2 6

0 2 6 0 2 6

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 98.

621

SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Dice, for every Pair which shall be made s. d. s. d.

fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain Hats made wholly of Felt, Wool, Stuff, Beaver or Leather, or any Mixture of the said Substances, or any of them, or with any other Substance or Substances, by whatever Name such Hat shall be called or distinguished, not exceeding the Price or Value of Four Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace) , which shall be uttered, vended or sold, by any Person or Persons taking out a Licence for uttering or 1 0 0 10 0

vending Hats by Retail, each Hat Made of any such Substance or Substances as last above mentioned, exceeding the Price or Value of Four Shillings, and not above the Price or Value of Seven Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace) , which shall be so uttered, 0 0 3 0 0 3

vended or sold, each Hat Made of any such Substance or Substances as last abovementioned above the Price or Value of Seven Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of Twelve Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace) , which shall be so uttered, vended or sold, each 0 0 6 0 0 6

Hat - - Made of any such Substance or Substances as last abovementioned, exceeding the Price or Value of Twelve Shillings, and not exceeding the Price or Value of Eighteen Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace) , which shall be so uttered, vended or sold, 0 1 0 0 1 0

each Hat - 0 2 0 o CM O

C. 98

4?4° GEG* III. A.D. 180 k

SCHEDULE (B.) —

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article England. Scotland.

or Thing, on which the Duty attaches.

Made of any such Substance or Substances as last above mentioned, exceeding the Price or Value of Eighteen Shillings, including all the Mountings or other Ornaments, (except Gold and Silver Lace) , which shall be so uttered, vended or sold, s. d. S. d.

each Hat - [Duties on Gold and Silver Plate made to, 55 3. c. 185. § 1.] Medicines, for and upon every Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, containing any Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders or other Preparation or Composition whatsoever, used or applied, or to be used or applied, externally or internally, as Medicines or Medicaments for the Prevention, Cure or Relief of any Disorder or Complaint incident to or in any wise affecting the Human Body; which shall be uttered or vended in Great Britain, where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall not exceed the Price or Value of One 0 3 0 0 3 0

Shilling - Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of One Shilling, and not exceed the Price or Value of Two Shillings pH © o © ©

and Six Pence -Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Two Shillings and Six Pence, and not exceed the Price or Value © © - oo 0 0 3

of Four Shillings -Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Four 0 0 6 0 0 6

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 98.

623

SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of Ten £. s. d. s. d.

Shillings -Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pet, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Ten Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of Twenty 0 1 0 0 1 0

Shillings -Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Twenty Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of Thirty O O 0 2 0

Shillings -Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Thirty Shillings, and shall not exceed the Price or Value of Fifty 0 3 0 0 3 0

Shillings -Where such Packet, Box, Bottle, Pot, Phial or other Inclosure, with its Contents, shall exceed the Price or Value of Fifty 0 10 0 0 10 0

Shillings - [These Duties 52 G. 3. c. 150. § 1.] o o 1 — (1 0 0

SCHEDULE of Drugs, Herbs, Pills, Waters, Essences, Tinctures, Powders, Preparations and Compositions.

[This Schedule repealed, 52 G. 3. c. 150. § 1.]

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article or Thing, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

Horse, Mare or Gelding, hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travel- j£*. s. d. s. d.

ling in Great Britain, for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding

shall be hired to travel -Horse, Mare or Gelding, hired for a less Period of Time than Twenty r-& 1 — 1 o o 0 0 1

624

C. 98.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

SCHEDULE (B.) — continued.

Name and Description of the Instrument, Article or Tiling, on which the Duty attaches. England. Scotland.

<£. s. d. £. s. d.

eight successive Days, for drawing on any public Road any Coach or other Carriage used in travelling Post, or otherwise, by whatsoever Name such Carriage now is or may be hereafter called or known, (if the Distance at the Time of hiring such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be ascertained) , for every Mile such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be hired to travel - 0 o u 0 0 li

Horse, Mare or Gelding, so hired as last above mentioned, in any Case where the Distance shall not, at the Time of such Hiring, be ascertained, for each Day for which such Horse, Mare or Gelding shall be so hired 0 1 9 0 1 9

Special Exemptions. Horses, Mares or Geldings, used in Hackney Coaches licensed pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament made for that Purpose, where the Horses, Mares or Geldings drawing such Hackney Coaches shall be employed to go no greater Distance than Ten Miles from the City of London or, or the Suburbs thereof - [As to letting the above Duties on Horses to, see Note to $ 5. ante.] [Duties on Stage Coaches and on Licences for keeping Stage Coaches made to cease, 55 G. S. c. 185. § 1. and see $11. of that Act.J Horse, Mare or Gelding, entered to start or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money or other Thing whatsoever, over and above all other Duties chargeable by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament - 2 2 0 2 2 0

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO.

C.

625

SCHEDULE (C.)

ALLOWANCES AND DRAWBACK.

ALLOWANCES.

To every Person who, at one and the same Time, shall produce at the Head Office for Stamps in, to be stamped, or

shall buy of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, Vellum, Parchment or Paper, charged with any Stamp Duty, to the Amount in the Whole of 30/. or upwards, One Pound Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under 30/.

To Card Makers, on Payment of the Duty on Cards, monthly, at the Time of settling their Accounts, 1/. 10$. for every 100/. and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Stationers who shall purchase Stamps for Receipts, to the Amount at one and the same Time of 10/., in consideration of their making no Charge to the Public for the Paper stamped for Receipts, but actually and bond Jide selling the same for the Price of the Stamp only, Seven Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps for Receipts, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum, not under the Sum of 10/.; this Allowance being over and above the usual Allowance on the present Payment of Stamp Duties to the Amount of 30/. and upwards.

To Printers, Publishers and Proprietors of Newspapers, who shall not have raised the Price of their Newspapers above the Price at which the same were respectively sold at and immediately before the Time of passing the Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Stamp Duties on

the several Matters therein mentioned; and for better securing the Duties on Certificates to be taken out by Solicitorsf Attornies and others practising in certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and who shall at one and the same Time produce at the Head Office of Stamps, to be stamped, or shall buy of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties, Paper stamped with the Duty chargeable on Newspapers, the Duties whereof shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards, in consideration of prompt or present Payment of such Duty, Sixteen Pounds and Eighteen Shillings for every One hundred Pounds on such Payment, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not being under 10/. But if any such Printer, Publisher or Proprietor shall have raised, or shall raise, the Price of his Newspaper above the Price at which the same was so sold at and immediately before the Time of passing the said Act of the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, then and in such Case no more or greater Allowance shall be made, in consideration of such prompt or present Payment, than at the Rate of Four Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Surti not under 10/.

To the Two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge respectively, the annual Sum of 500/. each.

44 Geo. III. S s To

[S7 G. 3. c. 90.]

626 C. 98. +1° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

To Persons who shall purchase at the Head Office for Stamps in London Stamps for Hat Linings to the Amount, at one and the same Time, of 10/. or upwards, Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duty on such Stamps so purchased, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under 10/.

[, 51 3. c. 70.]

For receiving the Duty for and in respect of Fire Insurances, paying the same and making out the Accounts according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds so received, paid and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, carrying on the Business of Sea Insurances within the City of London, who shall have given or caused to be given (to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners of the Stamp Duties) , Security by Bond for the Payment of the Duties on Sea Policies, at the Times and in the Manner to be prescribed by the said Commissioners, and who shall duly pay the said Duties in the Time and Manner prescribed, One Pound Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties so paid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

For receiving the Duty for and in respect of Gold Plate or Silver Plate made or wrought in Great, paying the same, and

making out the Accounts according to the Directions of the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, Two Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds so received, paid and accounted for, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Persons who shall at one and the same Time purchase stamped Labels for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to 5/. or upwards, Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under 5/.

To Persons who shall at one and the same Time purchase stamped Labels for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to 50/. or upwards, Ten Pounds for every 'One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under 50/.

To Persons who shall at one and the same Time purchase stamped Labels for Medicines, the Duty whereon shall amount to 100/. or upwards, Twelve Pounds Ten Shillings for every One hundred Pounds, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum not under 100/.

To Clerks in any Court of Law or Equity, intrusted by an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-25 G.3. c.£0. jesty, intituled An Act for granting to His Majesty certain

Duties on Certificates to be taken out by, Attornies and

other Persons practising certain Courts of Justice in Great Britain; and certain other Duties with respect to, Man-

dates and Authorities to be entered or filed of Record as therein mentioned; to enter and file.of Record certain Memorandums or Minutes; for their Trouble in that Behalf Two Pounds Ten

- . Shillings for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the

Duties on such Memorandums or Minutes so entered or filed of

21 Record

A.D. 1804. U* GEO. III. C. 98, 99.

Record as aforesaid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

To Clerks of the Peace or their Deputies respectively, for and in consideration of their making out and delivering to the proper Officer of the Stamp Duties, according to the Directions of an Act made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, (i c. 46.) a List of Persons licensed to sell Beer, Ale and other exciseable Liquors, at and after the Rate of One Farthing for the Name of every such Person inserted in such List.

To Clerks of the Peace or their Deputies, or the Sheriff or Stewart Clerk respectively, for and in consideration of their making out, according to the Directions of an Act made in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, a List of Persons 25 G. 3. taking out Game Certificates, at and after the Rate of One Halfpenny for the Name of every such Person inserted in every such List.

To the Clerk of the Course, Book Keeper or other Person authorized to enter any Horse, Mare or Gelding, to start or run for any Plate, Prize, Sum of Money or other Thing, in consideration of his Trouble in receiving, accounting for and duly paying the Duty imposed on such Horse, Mare or Gelding, Five Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of the Amount of the Duties so received, accounted for and paid, and so in proportion for any greater or less Sum.

DRAWBACK.

For or in respect of Gold Plate and Silver Plate wrought or manufactured in Great Britain, which shall be duly exported by way

of Merchandize to Ireland or any Foreign Parts, the whole Duties which shall have been paid for the same.

[as to Drawback on Exportation of Manufactured Platefor private Use of Persons residing or going to reside, 52 G. 3. c. 59.]

CAP. XCIX.

An Act for granting additional Annuities to the Proprietors of Stock created by Two Acts, passed in the Thirty seventh and Forty second Yrears of His present Majesty.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for raising s7 3 4 the Sum of Eighteen Millions by Way of Annuities: And Whereas an Act passed in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for granting Annuities to 42 G. 3. c. 4 satisfy certain Exchequer Bills, whereby certain Annuities were §19/

created, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and were made Part of the Capital or joint Stock of Annuities created by the said First recited Act: And Whereas it was by the said First recited Act enacted, that after Two 4 Years from the End of the present War and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, at any Period of Six 4 Months, ending on the Fifth Day of April $ ox on the Tenth Day 4 of October in any Year, it should and might be lawful for any Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors

C. 99.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

628

cessors or Assigns, to make Application to the Governor and ‘ Company of the Bank of, to have the said Annuities,

£ after the Rate of Five Pounds per thereby granted, redeemed or paid off, or converted into other Annuities, as therein after is mentioned, at his, her or their Election; and that after Six Months previous Notice of such his, her or their Intention,

the said Annuities should be redeemed and paid off, or converted into such Annuities accordingly: And Whereas the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled did, on the Eigth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, resolve that the Sum of Eighteen Millions be raised by Annuities; and did also resolve that every Contributor to the said Sum of Eighteen Millions should, for every One hundred Pounds contributed and paid, be entitled to the principal Sum of One hundred and twelve Pounds Ten Shillings in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to commence from the Tenth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and to be irredeemable, unless with the Consent of the Proprietors thereof,

until the Expiration of Three Years from the Period at which the existing Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, should be redeemed and paid off, or the Interest payable thereon reduced; that every Proprietor of the said Annuities should, at his Desire, on Three Months Notice, be entitled, at any Period of Time not less than Two Years after the End of the present War and Ratification of the Definitive Treaty of Peace thereupon, to have the said Annuities redeemed,

either by the Payment of One hundred Pounds for every One hundred Pounds of such Annuities, of One hundred and Thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence Capital in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Annuities, at the Option of such Proprietor: And Whereas it is therefore expedient that Provision should be made to enable the said Parties to take the Benefit of the Terms contained in the said Resolutions in relation to such Annuities; ’ Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate possessed of any Capital Stock in the Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds Centum per granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty - second Years aforesaid, who shall, by themselves or any Agents

signifying^ the duly authorized, signify to the Governor and Company of the Bank, before Bank of England, on or before the Fifth Day of October One October 5, thousand eight hundred and four, their Desire to take the Benefit 1804; their of the Terms contained in this Act, shall remain entitled to receive the SjBenefitof ^ie Dividend which will become due on such Capital Stock on the this Act shall Tenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four; and be entitled to shall further, from and after the said Tenth Day of October, be en-the Dividend titled to receive so much Capital Stock in the respective Annuities due the loth hereinafter mentioned, as shall be equal in Value to One hun-October, and ^red Pounds Sterling, estimated at the Option of the Lords Corn-certain Stock to missioners of the Treasury (such Option to be declared on or before the Amount of the Twentieth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and 1001. Sterling, four) , in either of the Two following Modes; that is to say, either

Persons possessed of Stock in the 5 per Cent. Annuities granted by the

rppi ft'fl A r'f<: nn

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III.

C.

6 29

such Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate shall be entitled to hold such Capital Stock as aforesaid as consolidated with and making Part of the Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, created by an Act, made in the

Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts, receiving thereon One Half Year’s Dividend on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, and in Addition thereto, so much Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per, as shall be equal

to the Difference between the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling and the Value of One hundred Pounds Capital Stock in the said Consolidated Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, the Value of such several Annuities to be ascertained at the Time and in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; or for every One hundred Pounds of such Capital Stock in the Annuities granted by the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty second Years aforesaid, and in lieu thereof such Persons and Bodies Politic and Corporate shall be entitled to so much Stock in Reduced Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds Centum per Annum, as shall be equal to One hundred Pounds; and that the Value of every One hundred Pounds of such Annuities, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per,

or in Annuities, after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, granted by an Act of the Twenty fourth Year of His present Majesty, and by several subsequent Acts, shall be computed and taken on the Average Price of such Annuities respectively on the last Ten Days on which any Transfer of Stock shall be made preceding the Tenth Day of October aforesaid on which any Transfer shall have been made in either of the said last mentioned Capital Stocks at the Bank of Eng, after making Deduction of the Amount of the Dividend due or accruing thereon; such Average to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities, after the

Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per, to which any Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate may become entitled under this Act, in lieu of any former Annuities, shall be deemed, reputed and taken to be One Capital or Joint Stock, and shall be added to and made Part of the Joint Stock of Annuities with, and shall be redeemable at the same Time and in like Manner as the Annuities, carrying an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, established by an Act, made in the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several subsequent Acts; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Money to which they, shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have or be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the Annuities, after the

Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per, to which any Persons or Bodies Politic or Corporate may become entitled by virtue of this Act, shall be added to the Joint Stock of Annuities transferable at the Bank of England, which by an Act, made in the Twenty third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, were reduced

S s 3 from

according to an Option of the ' Treasury to be declared before Sept. 20, 1804.

The 5 per Cent. Annuities granted under this Act to be added to the joint Stock of Five per Cents.

The Three per Cent. Reduced Annuities so granted to be added to the joint Stock of Three per

630

Cents. Reduced.

Times of Payment of Annuities.

Annuities payable out of the Consolidated Fund.

Bank to appoint a Cashier and Accountant.

C. 99. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

from Four Pounds per Centum per Annum to Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and shall be deemed Part of the said Joint Stock of Annuities, subject nevertheless to Redemption by Parliament, in such Manner and upon such Notice as in the several Acts by which the said Annuities after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum per Annum were respectively granted are directed in respect of the Annuities redeemable by virtue thereof; and that all Persons and Corporations whatsoever, in Proportion to the Annuities to which they shall become entitled as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, shall have and be deemed to have a proportional Interest and Share in the said Joint Stock of Annuities at the Rate aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all such Annuities shall be

payable Half yearly at the Bank of, at the most usual

Days of Payment in the Year for such respective Annuities; that is to say, the Fifth Day of January and the Fifth Day of July in every Year for and in respect of the said several Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum; and the Fifth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October in every Year for and in respect of the said several Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum; the First Payment on the said several Annuities after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum to be due on the Fifth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and five, and on the said Reduced Annuities after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum on the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five; and that all Persons and Corporations entitled to any such Annuity or Annuities aforesaid, and his, her and their Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, and all Persons and Corporations lawfully claiming under him, her or them, shall have good, sure, absolute and indefeasible Estates and Interests in the said respective Annuities, according to the true Tenor and Meaning of this Act, until the Redemption or Expiration thereof in the Manner herein directed,

V. And be it further enacted, That all the said Annuities shall be charged and chargeable upon and payable out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay, all such Sums of Money as have been directed by any former Act or Acts of Parliament to be paid out of the same; and that the said several Annuities of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum and of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum respectively, shall be subject to Redemption by Parliament in Manner mentioned in this Act.

[See § 11.]

VI. And for the more easy and sure Payment of the Annuities

established by this Act, it is hereby further enacted, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of, and their

Successors, shall from time to time appoint and employ One or more sufficient Person or Persons within their Office in the City of London to be their Chief or First Cashier or Cashiers, and One other Person or Persons within the same Office to be their Accountant General; and that so much of the Monies from time to time being in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Consolidated Fund, by this Act made applicable for that Purpose, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Annuities, shall by the Order of the

Commis-

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 99.

631

Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them, or the High Treasurer for the time being, without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf, from time to time, at the respective Days of Payment in this Act appointed, be issued and paid at the said Receipt of the Exchequer, to the First or Chief Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors for the time being, by way of Imprest, and upon Account for the Payment of the said Annuities; and that such Cashiers or Cashier, to whom the said Monies shall from time to time be issued, shall from time to time, without De ^, apply and pay the same accordingly, and render his or their Accounts thereof according to the due Course of the Exchequer.

VII. And it is hereby also enacted, That the said Accountant General for the time being shall, from time to time, inspect and examine all Receipts and Payments of the said Cashier or Cashiers, and the Vouchers relating thereto, in order to prevent any Fraud, Negligence or Delay.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Capitals

or Joint Stocks, or any Share or Interest in either of them, shall (except so far as by this Act is provided) be assignable and transferable as this Act directs, and not otherwise; and that there shall constantly be kept in the Office of the said Accountant General for the time being, within the City of, a Book or

Books wherein all Assignments or Transfers of the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, or any Part thereof, and the proportional Annuities attending the same, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be entered and registered; which Entries shall be conceived in proper Words for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the Parties making such Assignments or Transfers, or if any such Party or Parties be absent, by his, her or their Attorney or Attornies thereunto lawfully authorized by Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, to be attested by Ttvo or more credible Witnesses; and that the Person or Persons to whom any such Transfer shall be made* shall respectively underwrite his, her or their Acceptance thereof; and that no other Method of assigning or transferring the said respective Capitals or Joint Stocks, and the Annuities attending the same, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, shall be good and available in Law; and that no Stamp Duties whatsoever shall be charged on the said Transfers, or any of them: Provided always, that all Persons possessed of any Share or Interest in any of the said several Joint Stocks of Annuities, or any Estate or Interest therein, may devise the same by Will in Writing, attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; but that no Payment shall be made upon any such Devise until so much of the said Will as relates to such Estate, Share or Interest, be entered in the respective Offices; and that in Default of such Transfer or Devise as aforesaid, such Share, Estate or Interest shall go to the Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, or Body Politic or Corporate, shall, before the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, transfer, or be entitled or enabled to transfer, or have or be entitled to have any Certificate, Receipt or other Voucher, negociable by Delivery or

Accountant General to inspect Accounts of the Cashier.

Stocks may be transferred;

Method of Transfer.

Default of Transfer.

But the Three per Cent. Reduced not to be transferred before April 5, 1805,

632

C. 99.

A.D. 1804.

Annuities deemed Personal Estate,

Bank to continue a Corporation for the Purposes of Act.

Treasury to reward the Bank for their Service in the Execution of this Act.

In Action for executing Act,

44° GEO. III.

otherwise, for any such Reduced Three Pounds Centum Annuities as aforesaid, to which any Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, may become entitled under this Act, as equivalent to the Difference in Value between the said Five Pounds per Centum Annuities granted by the said Act of the Twenty fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and other subsequent Acts, and One hundred Pounds Sterling, if the Option shall be so declared, or as shall, in case of any Five Pounds per Centum Annuities, created by the said recited Acts of the Thirty seventh and Forty second Years respectively, being converted into Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities, be equivalent to such Proportion of the said last mentioned Annuities as shall he equal to such Difference as aforesaid, such Proportion in the latter Case to be settled and declared by the Governor and Deputy Governor of the Bank of England.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who shall be entitled to any of the Annuities hereby granted, and all Persons lawfully claiming under them, shall be possessed thereof as of a Personal Estate, which shall not be descendible to Heirs, nor liable to any foreign Attachment by the Custom of London or otherwise; any Law, Statute or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the

said Governor and Company of the Bank of *, and their

Successors, notwithstanding the Redemption of all or any of their own Funds, in pursuance of the Acts for establishing the same, or any of them, shall continue a Corporation for the Purposes of this Act, until all the said Annuities shall be redeemed as aforesaid; and the said Governor and Company, or any Member thereof, shall not incur any Disability for or by reason of his or their doing any Matter or Thing in pursuance of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the Treasury, or any Three or more of them now

being, or the High Treasurer, or any Three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized, out of the said Consolidated Fund, to reward all such Persons as shall be any ways employed in the Execution of this Act, for their Service, Pains and Labour; and also to defray such incident Charges as shall necessarily attend the same; and also to settle and appoint such Allowances as they shall think proper for the Service, Pains and Labour of the Cashier or Cashiers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of -land, for receiving, paying and accounting for the said Anftuities made payable by this Act; and also for the Service, Pains and Trouble of the said Accountant General of the said Governor and Company, for'performing the Duty and Trust incumbent on or reposed in him by this Act; all which Allowances, to be made as aforesaid in respect of the Service, Pains and Labour of any Officer or Officers of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, shall be for the Use and Benefit of the said Governor and Company, and at their Disposal only; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times be sued, molested or prosecuted for

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 99, 100. 633

any Thing by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing therein contained, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give thejspecial Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall discontinue his or their Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgment shall be given against him or them, upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

[Amended, 45 G. 3. c. 8.]

CAP. C.

An Act for warehousing Goods within the Limits of certain Docks made under an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other, for the

greater Accommodation and Security of, Commerce

and Revenue within the Port London; and to make Regulations relating to the said Docks.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue loithinthe Port of London: And Whereas it is expedient the said Act should be amended, and that further Regulations should be made in relation to the Docks, Quays,

4 Warehouses and Wharfs in the said Act mentioned, and to Goods and Merchandize discharged and laden in the said Docks:' May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as directs and requires that the Duties payable to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in respect of any Tobacco or Snuff (a) , shall be ascertained at the Quays or Wharfs as therein mentioned, and not elsewhere, shall be and the same is hereby repealed; and from and after the Completion of the Warehouse to be provided for Tobacco and Snuff under the Directions of this Act, such last mentioned Duties may and shall be ascertained under the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively for the time being, either within the Walls of the Warehouses provided for depositing and lodging such Tobacco or Snuff as aforesaid, or upon such of the Quays or Wharfs in the said Docks, and not elsewhere, and under such Orders, Directions and Restrictions as the said Commissioners shall from time to time in that Behalf direct or appoint. (a) [Tobacco, Rice, Wine and Brandy, are the only Cargoes mentioned.']

II. And be it further enacted, That all the Gates and Doors of the said Docks, and all the Gates and Doors of such of the said Warehouses, Quays and Wharfs, as shall be provided or appointed

for

General Issue.

Treble Costs.

39 & 40 G.S» c.xlvii. § 67. repealed.

Duties payable on Tobacco or Snuff may be ascertained within the Warehouses, &c.

Gates of Docks and Warehouses, Quays and Wharfs for

631-

storing Tobacco, Wine, Rice and Spirits, shall be under the joint Locks of the Company and the Customs and Excise.

Table of Hours For opening and shutting Wicket Gate shall be provided by the Company and approved by the Treasury.

Ko Holidays to be allowed (except Sunday, Christmas Day,

Good Friday,

C. 100. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

for the warehousing of or for the landing and ascertaining the Duties on Tobacco, Wine, Rice, Brandy, Geneva or other Spirits; and also all the Gates and Doors of all such of the said Warehouses, Quays or Wharfs as shall have any Goods or Merchandize deposited therein or thereon, subject or liable to any Duties of Customs or Excise respectively, shall be under the joint Locks of the said London Dock Company, and of the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs and Excise, both or either of them, as the Case may require, or of their respective Officers, and shall be locked and opened only in the joint Presence of One or more of the Officers of the said Company, and of the said Commissioners of Customs and Excise respectively employed for that Purpose, and shall never, on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, be opened but in the joint Presence of such Officers; and the Officer or Officers whose Duty it shall be to attend the locking up and opening of the said Gates and Doors respectively, shall and they are hereby required to lock up and open the same, or cause or procure the same to be locked up and opened in their Presence at the Hours hereinafter mentioned for that Purpose.

" Gates of Docks, &c. shall be open only at the following Times, " viz. from 21st March to 21st September, from Six at Morning " till Six at Evening; from 22d September to 1st November, and " from 10th February to 20th March, from Seven till Five; the " rest of the Winter from Eight till Four. Wicket Gate, §3.

[Repealed, 46 G. 3. c.lix. § 6. — see § 7. that Act.']

1IV. And, for preventing any Disputes as to the precise Period of ‘ opening and shutting of the said Wicket or small Gate as aforesaid, ’ Be it enacted, That the Directors of the said Company shall, before the opening of the said Docks for the Reception of Ships and Goods, cause to be made out a Table of the precise Hours and Times in each Month, or in each Week of each Month, at which such Wicket or small Gate shall be opened for the coming in and going out of any Persons into or out of the said Docks, tegether with such Regulations in relation thereto as may seem expedient, and shall submit such Table and Regulations to the Inspection, Approval, Sanction and Correction of the Lord High Treasurer or the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury for the time being, in order to the securing the due and exact Observance of the Provisions of this Act in that respect; and it shall be lawful for the said Director from time to time, with the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to annul any such Table or Regulation, and to make any new Tables or Regulations in lieu thereof, subject to such Approbation and Sanction as aforesaid; and the said Directors shall cause Copies of such Tables and Regulations to be hung up in conspicuous Parts of the said Docks for the Information of all Persons therein and resorting thereto; and the said Company and their Successors shall at all Times be responsible for any Neglect or Default of their Officers and Servants in the Execution of such Regulations.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Holidays whatsoever shall be permitted or allowed to be observed and kept at the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses or other Works of the said Company, cither by any Officer or Officers of or belonging to His

Majesty’s

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 100.

635

Majesty's Revenue, or by any Officer or Servant of the said Company, of other Person or Persons whatsoever, except,

Christmas Days and Good Fridays, and any Days which shall be appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thansgiving, but that all Business of the said Company and relating to His Majesty's Revenue, and all Persons using the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses or other Works, shall be carried on upon all Holidays, except as before excepted, in the same Manner as upon any other Days in the Year.

VI.

[And be it further enacted, That if any Goods or Mer-

chandize, which shall be brought into the said Dock on board of any Ship or Vessel, shall not be duly entered with the Customs and Excise respectively, within Seven Da}rs next after the Ship or Vessel importing the said Goods or Merchandize shall have been reported at the Custom House, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Officer or Officers of the Company as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Directors thereof, on the next ensuing Day, not being a Su, Christmas Day or Good Friday, or a Day appointed by His Majesty's Proclamation for the Purpose of a General Fast or Thanksgiving, to cause such Goods or Merchandize to be forthwith landed and warehoused in the Presence and under the joint Locks of the Officers of the Customs and Excise respectively, who are hereby authorized and directed to take a true and particular Account of the Quantity, Quality and Species thereof; and in case the Duties on such Goods and Merchandize shall not be paid and discharged within Thirty (a) Days next after such Report as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Customs, or the proper Officer of Excise, and they are hereby respectively authorized and empowered to sell and dispose of such Goods or Merchandize, or any Part thereof, to answer and satisfy the Duties thereon, rendering the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, after Payment of any Rates, Charges or Expences, which may be due to the said Company, to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods or Merchandize :] Provided always, that if a Price cannot be obtained for such Goods or Merchandize equal to the full Amount of the Duties of Customs and Excise thereon respectively, and the Charges of the Sale thereof, then and in such Cases all such Goods and Merchandize shall be effectually destroyed or otherwise be sold and disposed of in such Manner and for such Purposes, and under such Rules, Regulations and Restrictions, as the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury shall from time to time direct.

[So much of this Section between

Brackets repealed, 46 G. 3. c. lix. §11.]

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Fee, Perquisite or Reward, of any Denomination whatsoever, shall be taken, accepted or received by any Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants, who shall or may be employed in the Service of the said London Dock Company (other than the Salary or Wages that shall or may be paid or allowed to such Officer or Officers, Servant or Servants respectively, by the said Company) , nor shall any Fee, Perquisite or Reward whatsoever be taken, accepted or received by any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Customs, who shall or may attend, act

(a) [Three Months, 4B 3. c. lix. § 12*]

or

General Fasts and Thanksgivings.

In what Case Company may land Goods.

Duties paid within Thirty Days.

No Fees take# by Company's Officers, or by Revenue Officers.

636

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

C. 100.

[Penalty.]

Revenue Officers may take Fees on Goods exported.

39 & 40 G. 3. c.xlvii, §59.

Repealed.

Times appointed for the Payment of Duties.

or be employed in the Discharge of any Duty, Office or Employment of His Majesty's Customs, within the said Docks, Quays, Warehouses or other the Premises of or belonging to the said Comply* for any Service, Act or Duty which shall or may be done or performed within the same, touching or concerning any Goods or Merchandize that shall or may be imported and unladen therein; and that every Person taking, accepting or receiving any Fee, Perquisite or Reward, contrary to this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay back the Amount of the Fee, Perquisite or Reward so taken, accepted or received, and in addition thereto, any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds nor less than Twenty Pounds, to be recovered, levied or mitigated and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated or applied by any Law or Laws relating to Customs or Excise respectively; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute or Usage, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to. deprive or prohibit any Officer or Officers of His Majesty's Revenue from taking, accepting or receiving, any Fee, Perquisite or Reward, which by Law he now is or shall be entitled to, for or in respect of any Goods or Merchandize which shall or may be exported from the said Docks, Quays, Warehouses in the said recited Act mentioned, and other Premises, whether the same Goods or Merchandize shall or shall not have been previously imported into and laden therein.

IX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires the said Tonnage and Dock Duties in the said Act mentioned payable in respect of any Ship or Vessel to be paid before the Entry of such Ships or Vessels at the Custom House, and also so much of the said recited Act as appoints and directs any other Time or Times than are in this Act specified for the Payment of the Rates and Duties on Merchandize mentioned in the said Act, than the Time or Times in this Act mentioned in that Behalf, shall be, and the same is hereby repealed.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Tonnage and Dock and other Rates or Duties, by the said recited Act granted and payable to the said Company, in respect of any Ships, or of any Goods, Wares and Merchandize respectively, shall in every Case be payable and paid as follows; (that is to say) , the said Tonnage and Dock Duties shall be payable and paid within One Calendar Month next after the Ship or Vessel shall enter the Dock, or before leaving the same (whichever shall first happen); and the said Rates and Duties on Merchandize shall be payable and paid within One Calendar Month next after the Cargo of the respective Ship or Vessel importing the same shall have been completely discharged or unloaded, or in case such Goods, Wares or Merchandize shall be removed from the Quays or Warehouses of the said Company before the Expiration of One Calendar Month, then the said Rates and Duties shall be payable and paid in respect of the same, previous to such Removal thereof; and in case Default shall be made in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Expiration of such One Calendar Month as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Directors to sell or cause to be sold all or any Part of such

Goods,

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 100.

63 7

Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and out of the Monies thence arising to retain and pay all the Rates and Duties which shall be payable to the said Company in respect of such Ship, Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and all Charges and Expences of making such Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) of the Monies arising by the said Sale, and such of the said Goods, Wares and Merchandize as shall remain unsold, to the Person or Persons who shall be entitled thereto.

XI. And Whereas by the said recited Act Provision is made for making Compensation to the Owners and Occupiers of legal Quays, Sufferance Wharfs, Warehouses, Docks and other Tene- ments and Hereditaments, and to Tackle House Porters, Ticket Porters, Owners of Lighters and Craft, and Free Carmen of the City of London, or other Person or Persons interested in or em« 4 ployed upon the Business thereof respectively: And Whereas Injury, Loss or Damage may accrue to Wine Coopers and other Coopers and Vintner Porters, by means of certain Provisions of the said Act and this present Act Be it therefore further enacted, That the Provision made in and by the said recited Act, for making Compensation to the several Descriptions of Persons before mentioned, in respect of the Injury, Loss or Damage the}' may suffer or sustain by the Works therein mentioned, shall and the same is hereby declared and enacted to extend to such Wine Coopers and other Coopers and Vintner Porters who shall or may prove that they have suffered or sustained any Injury, Loss or Damage, in the fair and legal Employment as Wine Coopers or other Coopers or Vintner Porters, by means of the same Works or the Provisions of this present Act, or by means of any Rules or Regulations to be made by the said Directors of the said Company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That for and in respect of any Tobacco which shall be deposited, lodged or secured in any Warehouse, provided or to be provided within the said Dock for the Purpose of warehousing of Tobacco, there shall be paid to the proper Officer of the Customs a Rent or Sum of Four Shillings for each and every Hogshead, Cask, Chest or Case of Tobacco, which shall be deposited or lodged in any such Warehouse; that is to say, Two Shillings by the Importer, Proprietor or Consignee, for each and every such Hogshead, Cask, Chest or Case of Tobacco, immediately at and upon depositing the same in any such Warehouse, and the further Sum of Two Shillings by the Proprietor or Exporter before the same shall be taken from or delivered out of any such Warehouse, either for Home Consumption or Exportation; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the said Rent, or either of the said Sums of Two Shillings respectively, at the Times and in the Manner before mentioned, then and in such Case such Tobacco shall and may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or sold, in like Manner as any other Goods or Merchandize may be destroyed or otherwise disposed of or sold under the Directions of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, or any Three of them: Provided always, that nothing in this Act shall extend or be construed to extend to charge the said Sum of Four Shillings for or in respect of any Tobacco which shall have been removed from any other Warehouse under the Direction of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise; and all such Sums of

Mode of Compensation to Owners of Wharfs, &c. under

39 & 40 G. 3. c.xlix. § 109. extended to Wine Coopers and Vintner Porters.

Warehouse Rent, after the Rate of 4s. per Hogshead, &c. paid for Tobacco warehoused.

Exception.

44° GEO. III.

638

Application.

Wharfage of Tobacco or Snuff paid as heretofore.

Officers may go on board Tobacco Ships within Port of London, and seize Tobacco if forfeited, &c.

Obstructing

Officers.

Penalty 2001.

Proviso,

42 G. 3. c.cxiii. 48.

29 G. 3. c. 68.

4 36.

Regulations to be observed on taking and removing Samples of Tobacco.

C. 100.

A'.D. 1804.

Money, so paid as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Exchequer as Part of the Consolidated Duties of Customs.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company to charge or receive any greater Sum of Money for the Wharfage of any Tobacco or Snuff which may be deposited or lodged in or delivered out of the said Warehouse, than is now charged and paid for Wharfage of the like Goods when landed at or shipped from any other legal Wharf or Quay; any Thing in this or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And Whereas it is by the said Act directed (a) , that, 4 during a certain Period, all Ships laden with Tobacco, and arriving in the Port of London for Discharge, shall unlade the Whole of their Cargoes within the said Docks Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers of Excise to go on board and remain in any Ship or Vessel whatsoever within the Limits of the Port of London, and to search for any Tobacco or Snuff that shall be laden on board, or imported therein, or which shall be shipped or put on board any such Ship or Vessel to be exported, and to take Account of all such Tobacco and Snuff respectively, and to seize all such Tobacco and Snuff there found, as by the Laws thereunto relating shall be forfeited, together with the Hogsheads, Casks, Chests, Cases and other Packages containing the same, and also such Ship or Vessel, if the same shall be forfeited for or on account of such Tobacco or Snuff; and if any Person or Persons shall assault, molest, obstruct, oppose or hinder any such Officer or Officers of Excise from going on board or remaining in any such Ship or Vessel, or examining or searching the same, or in seizing any such Tobacco or Snuff, or Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, to be recovered and applied as any like-Penalty may be recovered and applied by any Law or Laws relating to the Duties of Excise:Provided always, that nothing therein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower any Excise Officer to go or remain on board of any Ship or Vessel in the Docks belonging to the West India Dock Company, during the Time that the Gates of the said Docks are required to be locked, by an Act made in the Forty second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. (a) [See 39 fy40 G. 3. c. xlvii. § 67.]

XV. And Whereas the obtaining of Permits for the Removal of Samples of Tobacco, taken under the Directions of an Act 4 made in the Twenty ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for repealing the Duties on Tobacco and Snuffl and for granting nevo Duties in lieu thereof is attended with Trouble and Inconvenience Be it therefore further enacted, That when and so soon as any Sample of Tobacco imported into the Port of London shall be drawn or taken, the same shall be well and effectually secured with Packthread, and a Parchment Label affixed thereon, in the Presence of the proper Officers of the Customs and Excise, on which Label shall be written, by the Person or Persons applying for or drawing such Sample, the Plantation Mark, together with the Manifest, Number, Weight and Tare of the Hogshead, Cask, Chest or Case, from or out of

which

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 100.

639

which the same shall be taken, and also the Landing Mark and Number thereof, and the Day and Year on which the same was drawn or taken; and each such Label shall be signed by the Officers of Customs and Excise, who shall attend the drawing or taking and the making up of such Sample, and that no Sample or Samples of Tobacco so drawn or taken and made up, and to which any such Label as aforesaid shall be affixed, shall be liable to Forfeiture for being removed without Permit; any Thing in this or any other Act or Acts to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding:Provided always nevertheless, that the Package containing any such Sample or Samples of Tobacco shall be marked on the Outside in large legible Characters with the Words, Samples of Tobacco: And provided also, that no such Sample or Samples of Tobacco shall be removed, unless at such Times as hereinafter mentioned, (that is to say,) from the Twenty ninth Day of September to the Twenty fifth Day of March in each Year, between the Hours of Seven in the Morning and Five in the Evening, and from the Twenty fifth Day of March to the Twenty ninth Day of September in each Year, between the Hours of Five in the Morning and Seven in the Evening, except the same is or are removing or carrying by a known common Stage Coach, Waggon or other Stage Carriage which usually travels out of those Hours, or by Water by a Ship, Vessel or Boat usually navigated in the fair Course of Trade out of those Hours.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take any such Label as aforesaid from or off the particular Sample of Tobacco to which the same was originally affixed, and shall affix the same to any other Tobacco whatever, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of One hundred Pounds, together with all such Tobacco to which any such Label so taken off or from the original Sample shall be affixed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, to be recovered, levied or mitigated and applied as any like Penalty may be recovered, levied, mitigated and applied by any Law or Laws relating to Customs or Excise respectively; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Commissioners of Customs, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon after the passing of this Act as they shall deem it expedient, to direct any Tobacco or Snuff lodged in any Warehouse to be removed to the Warehouses provided and appointed for Tobacco and Snuff in the said Dock: Provided always, that the same shall be done free of Expence to the Owners or Proprietors of such Tobacco or Snuff.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods or Merchandize that shall be deposited or placed in any Warehouse under the Provisions of this Act shall, during the Continuance of such Goods or Merchandize in any such Warehouse, sustain any Damage or Injury by reason of any Defect in such Warehouse, or for any Want of due Care in, or for any other Default of the said Company, or their Servants or Agents, for which the Proprietors or Owner or Consignee of such Goods or Merchandize would by Law be entitled to recover and receive any Compensation for such

Damage

Removing Labels from Samples.

Penalty 1001.

Commissioners of Customs may remove Tobacco to Dock Warehouses.

London Dock Company liable for Damage to Goods ware* housed.

640

G. 100.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Powers of Tobacca Acts extended to this Act.

Goods other than Tobacco and Snuff landed on Tobacco Wharf forfeited.

Provisions of former Laws of Customs and Excise extended to this Act.

Harbour Masters and Dock Masters to observe the Directions of 19 G. 3. c. 48.

Damage or Injury, no such Compensation shall, after the passing of this Act, be recoverable against the Commissioners of Customs, or any Officer of the Revenue, but such Compensation shall be recoverable against and from the Directors of the said London Dock Company^ in like Manner in every Respect as every Compensation can or may by Law be recoverable in like Cases by any Proprietor, Owner or Consignee of any Goods or Merchandize for any Damage or Injury thereto.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all such or so much of the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever contained in any Act relating to any Tobacco or Snuff imported into or exported from Great Britain, as applicable to the Purposes of this Act, and not hereby repealed, altered or otherwise provided for or rendered unnecessary, shall extend and be construed to extend to all Tobacco and Snuff brought into and landed or warehoused in or laden from the said Docks, Quays, Wharfs or Warehouses, and shall operate and be in force in respect thereto as full)'- and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Goods or Merchandize, other than Tobacco or Snuff, shall at any Time be landed at or upon the Wharf or Quay within the said Dock which had been or may from Time to Time be appropriated for the landing of Tobacco and Snuff, unless with Licence in that Behalf granted by the Commissioners of His Majesty's Customs or Excise respectively, all such Goods and Merchandize which shall be so landed shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized'by any Officer or Officers of the Customs or Excise.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the several Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Powers, Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things, whether relating to the taking of Bond or Security, or otherwise, provided or enacted by any Law or Laws of Customs or Excise, in force at or immediately before the passing of this Act, whether in relation to the Importation or Exportation, Warehousing or Landing of any Goods of Merchandize chargeable with Duties of Excise as aforesaid, or for the better ascertaining or securing those Duties, not being expressly revoked, altered or controuled by this Act, or repugnant to any of the Provisions herein contained, shall remain and continue in as full Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Harbour Master or

Harbour Masters for the time being of the Port of, and

the Dock Master and Dock Masters for the time being of the said Dock Company shall, in executing the Powers by Law vested in them respectively, always observe, comply with and use their best Endeavours to enforce the Regulations and Directions contained in the Act of Parliament of the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for preventing Masters of Ships removing their Vessels which shall have come from or shall be bound to Foreign Parts, out of the Stream, except to the lawful

Quays

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO. III. C. 100, 101.

641

Quays in the Port of London, before the Goods are discharged or their Vessels are cleared by the proper Officers, inwards or outwards, so far as the same Regulations and Directions shall not obstruct, molest or interfere with the free Use and Enjoyment of the said Dock, and the Bason and other Works which shall belong thereto respectively.

XXIII. And Whereas it has been and may become necessary, 4 that the Directors of the said Companies, on behalf of the said Company, and the Secretary to the Commissioners of Customs,

and the Secretary of the Commissioners of Excise, on behalf of His Majesty respectively, should enter into Contracts and Agreements in relation to the providing Warehouses for Tobacco or other Articles to be warehoused in the said Docks; and it is expedient that all such Contracts so made, should be made valid and effectual and binding on the Persons making the same, and also on the Successors of such Persons respectively Be it therefore enacted, That all such Contracts heretofore made, or that may hereafter be made by any of the Directors of the said Company, or by the present Secretary to the Commissioners of Customs, or by the present Secretary to the Commissioners of Excise, or any succeeding Secretary of Customs or of Excise respectively, with the Approbation of the Commissioners of Customs and Excise, as the Case may require, and of the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, shall be and are hereby declared to be valid and effectual, and binding in Law and Equity, on the Persons respectively entering into the same, and also on the Successors of the Directors entering into and making the same, and on the said Company, and also on the respective Secretaries of the said Commissioners respectively for the time being on behalf of His Majesty, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and the Covenants and Agreements contained in any such Agreement shall and may be enforced and put in Execution by and against the Successors of such Persons for the time being, according to the true Intent and Meaning of such Agreements, as fully and effectually as if new Covenants and Agreements had been or were from time to time made for that Purpose by any such Persons; any Law or Laws to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and other Persons, without being specially pleaded.

[London Dock Company authorized to raise ^*500,000, see c. ii. post. — See further 45 G. 3. c. lviii. — 46 G. 3. c. lix. — 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. v. — This Act 49 G. 3. c. clvi. —

50 G. 3. c. cli. — 51 G. 3. c. xlix. — 54 G. 3. xi. — 55 G. 3. c.iii.]

Agreements between Directors and Secretaries of Cus-tomsand Excise in relation to Warehouses confirmed.

[Public Act.]

CAP. CI.

An Act for permitting, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Exportation of Salt from the Port of Nassau in the Island of New,

the Port of Exuma, and the Port of Crooked, in the Bahama Islands, in Ships belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, and coming in Ballast.

[Repealed, 3 G. 4. c. 44.] [28th July 1804.]

44 Geo. III. T t

642

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

C. 102, 103.

Judge of Supe. rior Courts in England or Ireland may award Writs of Habeas Corpus for bringing up Prisoners as Witnesses.

Like Authority of Justices in Wales.

EXP.

Stamp Duties on Permits under 44 3.

c. 68. paid by Parties requiring the *am£.’ i

CAP. OIL

An Act for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and Iby the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testificandum, in certain Cases.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS it is expedient, for the more effectual Administration of Justice in those Parts of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England and,

‘ that further Provisions should be made for the issuing of Writs of Habeas Corpus ad testificandumin certain Gases Be it therefore enacted and declared by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Judge of His Majesty's Courts of King’s Bench or Common Pleas of England and Ireland respectively, or any Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer of the Degree of the Coif in, or any

Baron of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Ireland, or any Justice of Oyer and Terminer or Gaol Delivery, being such Judge or Baron as aforesaid, at his Discretion to award a Writ or Writs of Habeas Corpus, for bringing any Prisoner Or Prisoners detained in any Gaol or Prison before any of the said Courts, or any Sitting of Nisi Priiis, or before any other Court of Record in

the said Parts of the said United Kingdom, to be there examined as a Witness or Witnesses, and to testify the Truth before such Courts, or any Grand, Petit or other Jury, in any Cause or Causes, Matter or Matters, Civil or Criminal, whatsoever, which now are or hereafter shall be depending, or to be inquired into or determined in any of the said Courts.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of Great Session in Wales, and in the County Palatine of Chester, shall haye the like Authority within the Limits of his Jurisdiction.

Cap. cm.

An Act for making further Regulations for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue of Customs and Excise in Ireland, and lor preventing Frauds therein.

[28 th 1804.] [Until 2.9th September 1805. — § 30.]

XVI. AND Whereas by the said recited Act of this present

Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting to His

Majesty certain Stamp Duties i Ireland (a) , certain Stamp Du-< ties are imposed on Permits relative to Exciseable Goods, and

the Certificates thereof required by Law; ’ Be it therefore enacted, That all such Stamp Duties shall be paid by the Persons requiring and taking such Permits and Certificates respectively, at the Time of their taking or receiving such Permits and Certificates; and that all Permits and Certificates not duly stamped shall be actually void,

(a)[Repealed, 46 G. 3. c. 64. § 1.]

and

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. 103 — 106.

6 43

and shall not protect any Goods, Wares or Merchandize mentioned therein; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of His Majesty's Revenue in Irel, and they are hereby au-rized and required to provide Permits and Certificates duly stamped, and to make such Rules and Regulations for the Payment of the Stamp Duty thereon, by the Person or Persons requiring and receiving the same, as to such Commissioners shall from time to time seem expedient.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and four, it shall not be lawful for any Importing Merchant in any Port in ', to

give any Certificate for any Foreign Wine, which such Importing Merchant shall sell to Persons residing within the same Port or Place where such Merchants have imported such Wine, nor shall any such Certificate have any Force or Effect to protect such Wine within such Port or Place, or to prevent the Necessity of a Permit for the Removal of such Wine within such Port or Place, any Thing in an Act, made in the Parliament of Ireland in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled An for better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates for the Conveyance and Protection of certain exciseable Goods therein mentioned, and to prevent Frauds by Dealers or Retailers of such Goods} or any other Act or Acts in force in Ireland to the contrary notwithstanding.

[§ 16. and 17. continued until 29th September 1808. — 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. c. 48., and made perpetual> 48 G. 3. c. 82. — The rest of this Act is expired.']

CAP. CIV.

An Act to permit, until the Twenty fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and five, the warehousing of Spirits in Ireland for Exportation; for charging a Duty on the same when taken out for Home Consumption; and to regulate the Exportation to Great Britain of such Spirits as shall not be warehoused.

[28th July 1804.]

CAP. CV.

An Act to continue, until the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and five, several Acts for the better Collection and Security of His Majesty's Revenue in Ireland; and for preventing Frauds therein.

[28th 1804.]

CAP. CVI.

An Act for appointing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and five, Commissioners to inquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites and Emoluments, which are or have been lately received in the several Public Offices in Ireland therein mentioned; to examine into any Abuses which may exist in the same; and into the T t, 2 present

Importing Merchants not to give Certificates for Removal of Wine.

EXP.

EXP.

EXP.

£44 ' C. 106 — 110.

44 GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

present Mode of receiving, collecting, issuing and accounting for public Money in Ireland.

[28th July 1804.]

[Continued, 45 G. 3. c. 65. § 1. — Continued and amended, 47 G.3. Sess. 1. c. 41. — 49 G. 3. c, 51. § 1. — 50 G. 3.

c. 81. § 1. — 51 G. 3. c. 81. § 1. — 52 G. 3. c. 92. § 1. — 53 G. 3. c. 130. § 1. — bnt no further Continuation .]

CAP. CVII.

An Act for making Compensation to the Proprietors of certain Lands and Hereditaments, situate at Woolwich and Charlton in the County of purchased in pursuance of

three several Acts of Parliament, made in the Forty second and Forty third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty for promoting the Service of His Majesty's Ordnance.

[28th July 1804.]

CAP. CVIII.

EXP. An Act for the Relief of certain Insolvent Debtors, (a)

[30th July 1804.]

(a) [Being Prisoners on the 1st January 1804.]

CAP. CIX.

An Act to regulate the Importation and Exportation of Corn, and the Bounties and Duties payable thereon.

[30th July 1804.]

[Repealed, 1#2 G. 4. c. 87.]

CAP. CX.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Funds of Great and for

applying a certain Sum of Money therein mentioned for the Service of Great Britain, for the Year One thousand eight hundred and four; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

[31st July 1804.]

§ I. <§£.5,000,000 0

II. 1, 370, 664 4

0

I

Out of British Consolidated Fund -

Surplus of Grants for 1803

/^Granted to make I good Supply for 1 Service o i Gr V Britain, for 1804.

III.

The following Sums, viz.

Produce of Malt Act - - 44 G. 3. 16.

.§£.2,000,000l. — Pensions, - 17.

8,000,000l. — Exchequer Bills - — ---- c. 45.

1, 500,000l. — Ditto - - — 46.

14, 500,000l. Loan (deducting

4, 500,000l. for Ireland)- 47.

Produce of Lottery (deducting j>

One third for Ireland) - c. 93.

2, 500,000l. — Exchequer Bills - — ~ — c. 81.

1, 370, ^664/. 4.?. 8 \d. — Surplus of Grants. (

ante, §2.) _ .

5,000*000l. — Out of British Consolidated rund. (See ante, §1.)

Appropriated to the Uses after expressed.

(See § 5 — 19. hut see §7. 14. as to Ireland.

A.D. 1804 IV

4V GEO. III. C. 110.

645

The following Sums, viz.

Produce to Irish Exchequer under

Loan Act - - 44 . 3. c. 47. § 20.

----Lottery - 93. § 3.

a£M , 250,000l. (Irish Currency) Annuities or Debentures 800,000l. Currency)

Treasury Bills V. Application, viz.

c. 48.

c. 97.

Appropriated to Uses after ex-J> pressed.

(See § 7. 14. 20 —

23.)

.2, 405,000 0 0

2, 470,000 0 0

3, 900,000 0 0

325,000 0 0

1, 020, 670 9 9

948, 520 0 0

709, 249 9 8

220, 166 8 1

42,000 0 0

310,000 0 0

VI. 2, 500,000 0

VII. 800,000 0

£l 17

1 18 [>

3 0

; Half)

0

5

For 13 Lunar Months.

’1.2, 350, 606/’. 7s. 6d. for the Naval Services following:

Wages of 100,000 ) *)

Men, including > I §

22,000 Marines ) I §

Their Victualling, j> *2 Wear and Tear of I

Ships, - - I

Ordnance, - -J Ordinary of the Navy, (including Pay)

Building, rebuilding and repairing of Ships, &c. Extra -. Hire of Transports - }► For the Year 1804

Prisoners of War in Health Ditto Sick -

Increase of Naval Defence, since 15th Mat/, 1804 -0 For the Service of Great Britain 0 Irish Currency for Service of Ireland -

Out of all or any of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid.

" To enable His Majesty to take such Measures as the Exigency of Affairs may

VIII. 19, 108, 859 4, 276, 624

s.

5

12

d.

10

8

1, 174, 509 6 6

29, 859 14 9

require.

For Land Services, viz.

For 129, 039 effective Men in"' Great Britain and Ireland For Forces in the Plantations, &c. including, the Mediterranean and Netv South

Wales ......

East India Recruiting Parties (five Troops of Dragoons and 17 Companies of Foot) in Britain -

180,000 0 0 0n Account of Re- iG.reat

cruiting and Contin- j n gencies for Land ran

• -tes.

For General, Staff and fin Great Hospital Officers \ Britain. For the Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland For Cloathing Militia in Great Britain -Contingencies for Militia and Fencibles in Great Britain and Ireland -T t 3

154, 647 3 10

2, 791, 623 7 6

215, 793 14 6

61, 129 7 0

From 25 Dec. 1803, to

24 Dec. 1804.

(both inclusive.)

646

C.llO.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

e^.2, 020, 567 13 98, 635 12 61, 037 33, 464 167, 059

11

3 9 7 0

1 3

455, 464 9 3

189, 215 12 5

5, 665

50,000

8 6

0 0

0 0

1,000 245, 048 15 8

27, 801 11 5

461, 887

23, 538

500,000

570,000

10

3

582, 202 19 8, 884 19 2 200,000 0 0 2, 183, 930 0 0 359, 207 18 7

1, 400,000 0 0 600,000 0 0

For Volunteers in Great Britain and Ireland - For Recruting and Contingencies of Land Forces in Ireland For General and Staff Officers,

and Medical Board in Irela

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers -Principal Officers of several Public Departments, their Deputies, Clerks, and contingent Expences and Exchequer Fees by Paymaster General in Great Britain and Ireland Increased Rates to Innkeepers (See 44 G.3. c. 38.) Lodging

Money in Scotland, Small Beer and Allowance on March in Ireland

On account of Half Pay to reduced '

Officers of Land Forces and Marines (a) -

For Military Allowances to reduced Officers of Land Forces Half Pay and Allowances to reduced Officers of British American Forces -

On account of Officers late in the Service of the States General --Chelsea and Kilm ainharnHos-V pitals, In and Out Pensioners, and / From 25 180

Expences of the Hospitals - > to 25 Dec, 1804, Widows’ Pensions in Great Britain I (both inclusive) and Ireland -

Barrack Departments in Ireland For the Year 1804. General Hospital Expences, for ) 25 December 1803, Ireland, and Military Infirmary r to

in Dublin - -) 24 December 1804 *

For the Year 1803.

1804.

Foreign Corps in His Majesty’sY Service - f

Garrison Service in the West Indies {

!> For the Year 1804 *

III XJLIUILIV -

q Volunteers Corps in Great Britain year 11 Foreign Corps in His Majesty’sY

25 Dec. 1803, to

24 Dec. 1804.

and America -Military Augmentation Britain and Ireland Barrack Department Britain -Army Extraordinaries vided for Army Extraordinaries Britain Ditto

Great Y

in Great

For the Year 1804.

not pro-1 From 25 1802,

- j to 24 Dec. 1803. in Great^l

- > For the Year 1804.

in Ireland)

(a) Overplus of Half Pey hotv disposed of 4<5 3. c. 129. § 25.3

A.D. 1804.

44° GEO.

C. 110.

647

IX. *£.2, 954, 141 413, 719

X.

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV. XV.

XVI. XVII XVIII.

a£.

8, 050

7, 165

4, 650

2, 300

2, 040

i:i

304, 615

64, 615

5,000,000

3,000,000

1, 500,000

1.500.000

1.700.000 591, 842

6, 523

8, 798

5 0 For Ordnance for Land Service in Great Britain for

1804.

4 2 Ditto Ditto m>t provided

for in 1803.

7 8 Ditto Office of Ordnance in Ireland for 1804.

7 8 Ditto Ditto not provided forin 1803.

0 0 To discharge outstanding Exchequer Bills under

43 G. 3. c. 93.

0 0 Ditto under 43 G. 3. c. 36.

0 0 Ditto under---- 147.

0 0 Ditto under ---- c. 146.

0 0 Ditto (Irish) Treasury Bills due in Ireland in 1804.

3 10l' Debt on Civil List on July 5, 1804; .

1 8 1 To make good Money issued pursuant to Addresses

11 0\ of the House of Commons.

Civil Establishments, viz.

s. d. s.

0 0 Upper Canada. 1, 715 0

0 0 Nova Scotia. 4, 100 0

0 0 New Brunswick. 580 0

0 0 Prince Edward's Island. 600 0

0 0 Cape Breton. 10, 049 4

d.

0 Newfoundland.

0 Bahama Islands. 0 Bermuda's Isles. 0 Dominica.

5 New South

40, 847

433

219

5, 300

9

19

6

9

0

0

6

0) *-3 <2

2, 701 9 0

S.2 i

r o S

649

248

439

3.000

8.000 11, 280 32, 600 16, 623

2

11

18

s:i

° 2 bo-5

QJ

a o

From January 1, to December 31, 1804.

28.000 0 0 Sierra Leone, to 31 December 1804.

18.000 0 0 Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa.

XIX. *£.28,000 0 0 Bills drawn and to be drawn from

New South, and to be- > The Year 1804.

come due in the Course of J 149, 121 0 0 French Clergy, $c. Touloneand por year

Corsican Emigrants, & > onzL

can Loyalists -j

Expence of Convicts at Home

Expences at Parliament Office, for Session 1802-3.

John Clementson in lieu of Apartments. Additional Allowance toY,

Clerks in Auditor.’t T°,

Office - - ) 1803 *

Chairman of Committees of House of Peers in Session 1802-3.

Thames Police Office.

Repairs at Port.

Indexes to Journals of House of Lords. 265, 336 14 10j Prize Money for Ships taken at Toulon.

150.000 0 0 Secret Services - For the Year 1804.

412.000 0 0 Sums awarded to be paid by Commissioners on Article 7. of American Treaty.

q j- British Museum.

2 Royal Military College ) For the Year

0 Royal Military Asylum at J 1804.

0 Printing Journals, Votes, Bills, Reports, &c. by order of the House of Commons, in the Session 44 G. 3* 2, 500 0 2£ Printing 57th Vol. of Journals of House of Commons. T t 4

648

44° GEO. III.

c. no.

£.10,000 o o

1, 767 15 10

8, 589 5 0 1, 609 19 4 1, 700 0 0 50,000 0 0

12, 345 0 0

741 1 -2 0 3, 010 0 0

30.000 0 0

3.000 0 0 3, 269 2 0

10.000 0 0 10,000 0 0 10,000 0 0

4, 160 13 6

1, 100 0 0

5, 285 18 9

2, 099 19 9 649 4 0 454 0 0

3.000 0 0

5, 387 4 0

1, 060 10 0 560 0 0

1, 500 0 0 5, 531 17 0 4, 871 1 4

745 6 10

11, 600 0 0

7, 500 0 0 3, 905 0 0

9.000 0 0 5, 945 10 0

5, 250 0 0

A.D. 1804.

Re-printing Journals, Indexes, Reports, of the House of Commons.

Expences of Commissioners for publishing the Public Records of the Kingdom in the Year 1803. Superintendance of Aliens under 43 G.3. 155.

Prosecutions, §c.relating to the 7 1803.

Coin in - -) 1804.

Inland Navigation from the Eastern to the Western Sea.

Works done at the Two Houses! From 31st May of Parliament and at the > 1803, to 24th of Speaker’s -) April 1804.

Works done at Old Chapter House, Westminster. Repairs of King’s Bench Prison.

Erecting a Lazaret at Chetney Hill.

Board of Agriculture for 1804.

Deficiencies of Expences of7 .» v

Convicts at Home' - -j For the Year 1803' Relief to the Inhabitants of.

Do. - Orkney.

Bridges and Roads in the Highlands of Scotland.

(" Presbyterian Ministers of Ulster and Munster.

Mr. Poole for abstracting, , fyc. c. Poor Returns. Additional .Allow — *7 v, , o ti, ances to Clerks in > °£, \ a7 . ° Auditors'Office -j 5th Aprd 1804.

Furniture for Irish Office in George Street. Thames Police Office.

© *2 Publishing, , fyc. c. Weekly Average Prices of . Sugar, to October 1, 1803 *

O o

bn

CD

a

n

o

H

Fees on passing Public Accounts in Auditors’ Office.

T. Macdonald, Esq. as First Commissioner under American Treaty. Expences under Navy Abuse Act. Expences relative to the Improvement of the Port of London.

Veterinary College - - For 1804.

Purchase of Lana for Ordnance at Weeden Beck. Executors of J. Wright, Losses as an American Loyalist.

Stationery for the Court of Ex- *] chequer -Printing and Stationery for both Houses of Parliament Law Charges -

Officers of both Houses of Parliament -Public Office in Bovo Street -

Protestant Dissenting Minis- For the Year 1804.

ters, , fyc. c. -Messengers of Secretaries of State -

A.D. 1801'.

44° GEO. III.

c. no.

649

a£.6, 965 0 0 Contingencies of Ditto -

7, 371 15 0£ Sheriffs for Convictions of

Felons -

914 0 0 Ministers of the Vaudois

Churches

1 Purchase of Lands for Ordnance at, , fyc. c.

0 Military Roads in North Britain - For 1804.

57, 066 6 5,000 0 XX. For Services, in,

Sterling. Irish.

* £.313 16 11 being 340

0 0

221 10 9 — 240 0 0

184 12 4 — 200 0 0

230 15 5 — 250 0 0

184 12 4 — 200 0 0

184 12 4 — 200 0 0

138 9 3 — 150 0 0

184 12 4 — 200 0 0

For preparing publick Accounts of Ireland.

Accountant General, '

(for Session 44 G. 3.)

Deputy Accountant General, (for One Year to the 5th of January 1804.)

Examinator of Corn Bounties.

Inspector General of Imports and Exports of Ireland for preparing Accounts for One Year to the 5th January 1803.

His first Clerk, for extra Trouble. Examinator of Excise in , for

extra Trouble and Expences in preparing Accounts.

Assistant Examinator of Excise in Ire-, for extra Trouble.

Clerk in Auditor’s of Exchequer Office for extra Trouble.

XXI. For other Services, 8$c. in Ireland, viz.

Sterling. ^.23, 076 18 6 830 15 6

Irish. — 25,000 0 — 900

0 Civil Buddings

6, 485 19 11 — 7, 026

18, 840 0 0. — 20, 410 0 0

1, 846

4, 615

1 — 2,000

8£ — 5,000

23, 076 18 6 — 25,000 0 0

f For One Year to X 5th 4805. 0 0 Printing, §c. 250 Copies of the Acts 44 G.3.

9 10£ Publishing Proclam-" ations, in Dublin ‘

Gazette, §c.

Expences of Chief and Under Secretary’s Offices, &c. -Treasurj' Incidents

Apprehending public [For the Year to Offenders Expences of Criminal Prosecutions, and other Law Proceed-

966 18 7 — 1, 047 10

1, 293

683

7 10 1

1, 002 9

6£ -3 —

1, 401

740

5th Jan. 1805.

1, 086 0

ings

2 Pratique in Port of Dublin -

5f Wicklow Gold Mines 0 Cloathing Battle Axe Guards, to June 4, 1804.

0 Cloathing Heralds, Pursuivants, for Three Years from 17th March 1804.

650 C. 110. 44° GEO. III.

XXII. For other Services, &c. in, viz.

A.D. 1804.

Sterling. Irish.

* £4, 615 7 Sh - 5,000 0 0

4, 153 16 11 — 4, 500 0 0

9, 230 15 5 — 9, 700 0 0

5, 076 8 6 — 5, 500 0 0

4, 153 16 11 — 4, 500 0 0

1, 846 3 1 — 2,000 0 0

19, 938 9 3 — 21, 600 0 0

for building and rebuilding Churches -

ation

ublin Husbandry Sc ciety -

epository in Garden at inning Society of In land

For One Year, to 5th Jan. 1805.

and Hempen Manufactures, viz. 2000 for raising Hemp and Flax; 2000l. for Ma- ,

nufactures in F°r. °"e

Munster, and f 5th 1804,

Connaught; 7, 250/. to encourage Growth of Flax; and 10, 350/. for general Purposes, j XXIII. For other Services in Ireland, viz.

Sterling. *£.18, 580 18 2 Irish. 20, 129 6 4 Society for promoting '

369 4 n 400 0 0 English Protestant Schools Commissioners of Cha-

923 1 6 1,000 0 0 ritable Donations -Society for discounte-

1, 118 12 8* 1, 211 17 H nancing Vice -Female Orphan House

1, 615 7 8* — 1, 750 0 0 Dublin Penitentiary -

20, 769 4 n — 22, 500 0 0 Dublin Foundling Hos-

1, 788 13 eh 1, 937 14 8 pital -Hibernian Marine So-

4, 153 16 li 4, 500 0 0 ciety -School for Soldiers ’

6, 671 1 eh 7, 227 0 0 Children Lock Hospital -

475 16 — 515 9 34 Fever Hospital -

16, 984 8 sh — 18, 399 16 r House of Industry

7, 384 12 4 — 8,000 0 0 Roman Catholic Semi-

2, 136 18 11* 2, 315 0 6 nary - -Dublin Lying-in Hos-

5th Jan. 1805.

pital -J

XXIV.") Directing Application of Supplies and Rules for receiving Half Pay, XXV. \ and Application of Overplus of Sum appropriated to reduced Officers XXVI.) by 43 G.3. c. 162. § 10.

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. i. ii. iii.

651

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

N.B. — The Continuance of such of the ensuing Acts as are

porary will be knovon by referring to the following List according to the corresponding Letter in the Title.

(a) For 21 Years, , fyc. c.[i. e. to the End of the next

a Day named in the Act.

(b) For 21 Years, , fyc. c.from the Passing of the Act.

(c) For 21 Years, , fyc. c. after the End of the Term under former

Acts.

[Public Act.]

q. P. Quasi (See Note at the Head of Local and Personal Acts, 43 G. 3.)

(tf3 The several Acts, which continue former Road Acts specially except so much of\ them as gave any Exemption from Stamp Duties.

Cap. i.

An Act for keeping in Repair the Roads leading from Saint Dunstans Cross to North Lane, near to the City of Canterbury, and to the Seaside at Whitstable, in the County of Kent, (a)

[9th March 1804.]

Cap. ii.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money for carrying into Execution an Act passed in the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce and Revenue, within the Port of London.

[9th March 1804.]

[. London Dock Company authorized to raise 500,000l. instead

of the 300,000I. authorized by 39 <!y 40 G. 3. c. xlvii. § 22. by increasing their Capital, or at Interest on Security of the Rates. — 46 G. 3. c. lix. — 47 G. 3. Sess 2. c. v. — See further 49 G. 3. c. clvi. — 50 G. 3. cli. — 55 G. 3. c. iii.]

Cap. iii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Fourth and Twenty fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty King Georo-e the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Bramcote Odd House, in the County of Nottingham, to the Cross Post upon Smalley Common, in the County of Derby; and other Roads therein mentioned, (b) [9th March 1804.]

Former Acts 9 G.2. c. 10. 27G.2. c. 2 23 G.3. c. 97.

repealed.

4 G.3. C. 83.

24 G. 3. sess. 1. c. 24.

652

C. iv.-^x.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

20 G. 3.C. 87.

2 G. 3. c. 39. 5 G.3.

39 G. 3. c.lxix. 42 G. 3. c.cxiii. 47. G. 3. sess, 2. c-xxxi.

34 G.3. c. 78.

39 & 40 G. 3.

c.xxxvi.

2 G. 3. c. 62. 22 G.3. c. 107.

Cap. iv.

An Act to continue and amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Trent Bridgein the County of the Town of Nottingham to Cotes Bridgein the County of Leicester, (a)

[9th March 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, ones granted.']

Cap. v.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Second and Fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Mullen*s Pond, in the County of Southato the Eighteen Mile Stone from the City of Salisbury, and several other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, (b)

[9th March 1804.]

Cap. vi.

An Act to enable John Boydell Esquire, One of the Aldermen, of the City of London, and Josiah Boydell, his Nephew and Partner, to dispose of their Collection of Paintings, Drawings and Engravings, together with their Leasehold Premises in Pall Mall, called the Shakspeare Gallery, by way of Chance.

[23d March 1804.]

Cap. vii.

An Act for raising a further Sum f of Money for carrying into Execution an Act, passed in the Thirty ninth Year of the Reign of His; present Majesty, intituled An Act for rendering more commodious, and for better regulating the Port of London; and another Act passed in the Forty second Year of the said Reign, to alter and amend the first mentioned Act.

[23d March 1804.] f [400,000l.]

Cap. viii.

An Act for paving the Footways and Crosspaths, and for cleansing, lighting, watching and regulating the Streets and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of St. Alban, in the County of Hertford.

[23d March 1804.]

Cap. ix.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Canal more effectually to provide for the Discharge of their Debts, and to complete the Whole of the Works to be executed by them, in pursuance of the several Acts passed for making and maintaining the said Canal.

[23d March 1804.]

[The Company empowered to borrow 70,000l. additional; and the further Sum of 143, 050/. — 46 G. 3. c. xx. —

This Act altered, 8$c. 47 G. 3. 2. c. lxxxi.]

Cap. x.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging and altering the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbourne in the County of Derby, to Leek in the County of

21 Stafford,

__________i i

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. x. — xvi.

653

Stafford, and from Ryecroft Gate upon Rushton, to

Congleton in the County of Chester. ([23d March 1804.]

[j Former Tolls repealed, and new ones .]

Cap. xi.

An Act to alter and amend Two Acts, passed in the Nineteenth and Thirty fifth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Wigan to Preston, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[3d May 1804.]

[_Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted. —

3 G.4. c. iii.]

Cap. xii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Third and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Stafford to Sandon in the County of Stafford, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, so far as the same relate to the Third District of Roads therein mentioned. ([3d May 1804.]

[See cap. 25. and SO.post.']

Cap. xiii.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Twenty seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Roads from the Hand and Post at the Top of Burford Lane, in the County of Gloucester, to Stow on the Wold, and from thence to Paddle Brook; and from the Cross Hands on Salford Hill, in the County of Oxford, to the Hand and Post in the Parish of Withingtin the County of Gloucester. (b) [3d 1804.]

Cap. xiv.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing the Roads from a Place called Littlegate, at the Top of Hill, in the

County of Lincoln, to the West End of Gate, in Newark

upon Trent, and from the Guide Post, at the Division of and Muskham Lanes, to Mansfield, and from Southwell to

in the County of Nottingham; and for repairing the Road from the West Side of Newark Bridge, to the said Guide Post. (5)

[3d May 1804.]

[Sunday Tolls granted.]

Cap. xv.

An Act for draining and improving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, within the Parishes of Ramsey and Bury, in the County of Huntingdon.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xvi.

An Act for the better amending and repairing of the Roads leading from the Lower Market House in Tavistock to Old Town

Gale,

19 G.3. c. 92. 35 G.3. c. 145.

3 G.3. c. 59. 23 G. 3. c. 105.

28 G.2. c. 47. 27 G. 3. c. 77.

32 G.2. c. 57. 22 G.3. c. 94.

654 C. xvi. — xxiii* 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Gate, in the Borough of Plymouth, and from Gate to

the Old Pound near Plymouth Dock, in the County of Devon, (a)

[3d May 1804.]

[Former Acts, 2 G. 3. c. 50. — 12 G. 3, c. 86_24 G. 3. Sess. 2.

c. 63. repealed as to Roads under this Act, — lxxvi.

post. — Continued for 21 Years, 53 G. 3. c. xxvi.]

Cap. xvii.

2 G. 3. c. 61. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers 23 G. 3. c.l09. of Two Acts, passed for amending the Road from the North Gate of the City of Winchester, over Worthy Coivdotvn, to Newtown River, and also the Road from Worthy Cowdown aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road at Andover, in the County of Southampton. (b) [3d May 1804.]

Cap. xviii.

7 G.3. c. 92. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the 25 G.3. c. 102. Powers of Two Acts, passed for repairing and widening the Roads from Whitechurch, in the county of , to the Road between Nantwich and Newcastle under Lyne, and from -stock to Nantwich aforesaid.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xix.

An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Town of Milton next Sittingborne, in the County of and for re-

moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xx.

2 G. 3. c. 8l. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging

23 G.s. c. 108. the Powers of Two Acts, of the Second and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Hesket by Yewes Bridge to Cockermouth and other Roads therein mentioned, in the several Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland, (b)’1804.]

Cap. xxi.

29 G 3. c. 20. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Twenty ninth Year of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from Montrose to Brechin in the County of Forfar, (a) [3d May 1804.]

[Additional ]

Cap. xxii.

An Act for the better defraying the Charges of preserving the Peace within the City of Dublin, and the District thereof, and establishing a Parochial Watch therein.

[3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxiii.

An Act for further increasing the Capital Stock of the Governor and Company of the Bank of Scotland.

[3d May 1804.]

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III.

C, xxiv. — xxix.

655

Cap. xxiv.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road from Stockport in the County of to Saxon s Lane

in the County Palatine of Lancastand other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and and in the

County of York, (a) [3d Map 1804.]

[Repealed, 56 G. 3. xvii.]

Cap. xxv.

An Act for the better amending and repairing the Road leading from a certain Stone which divides the Liberties of and

Ellenhall, in the County of Stafford, through Sutton, to the Whitchurch Turnpike Road, near Newport, in the County of Salop, and several other Roads in the Counties of Salop and Stafford, (a) [3d May 1804.]

[See c. xii. ante, and c. xxx. post.']

Cap. xxvi.

An Act for amending, widening, improving and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Barton Bridge, in the Parish of Ecclds, into and through the Township of to a Place called

Moses Gate, in the Township of Farnworth, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (b) [3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxvii.

An Act for raising an additional Sum of Money for carrying into Execution several Acts for widening the Entrance into the City of London near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious

Street at Snow Hill, and for raising, on the Credit of the Orphans’ Fund, certain Sums of Money for those Purposes; and also for enlarging the Powers of the said Acts.

[3d May 1804.]

[See 46 G. 3. c. xcvii. — 51 G.3. cciii. — 55 G. 3. c. xci_____

3 G. 4. c. cxiii. — This Act revived and continued, 49 G. 3. c. lxxxii.]

Cap. xxviii.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the ThiiMy third Year of His late Majesty, and in the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from B aw try to and from

Sheffield to the South Side of Worthy, in the County of York, where it joins the Turnpike Road leading from Rotherham to Manchester, so far as the same.relates to the Road from Bawtry aforesaid to Tinsley, and through Part of the Town of Tinsley to the Place where the same joins the Road from Rotherham to Sheffield. (b) [3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxix.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal to raise a further Sum of Mone}' for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging; f [80,000l.]

Former Acts 5 G. 3. c. 100. 10 G. 3. c. 89. repealed.

Former Acts 3 G.3. c. 59.

23 G.3. c. 105. repealed as to Roads under this Act.

33 G.2.C. 55. 22 G. 3. c. 97.

33 G.3. c. 96.

656

C. xxix. — xxx; iv.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty third Year of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal.

[3d 1804.]

3 G.3. c. 59. 23 G 3. c. 105.

2 G. 3.C. 79. 23 G.3. c. 98.

Cap. xxx.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Third and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, so far as relate to the Road leading from the Town of Stafford to Sand on, in the County of Stafford, and from the said Town of Stafford through Bridgford and to a Place called

Ireland's Cross, near Woore, in the County of Salop; and from Bridgford aforesaid, to a certain Stone which divides the Liberty of Ranton and Ellenhall, in the Road between Bridgford and Newport, being the First District of Roads in the said Acts mentioned. (6) [3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxxi.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, made in the Second and Twenty third Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the several Roads leading from Cleobury Mortimer, The Cross

and the Turnpike Gate on Abb in the Counties of Salop and Worcester, (b) [3d May 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted.’]

Cap. xxxii.

An Act for vesting in new Trustees the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders, Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, in the Counties of Wexford, Mayo, Sligo and Done gall, which have not been disposed of by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in Ireland, in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for the more effectually raising a sufficient Sum of Money for discharging the Debts and Incumbrances affecting certain Lands in the Wexford,

Mayo, Sligo and Donegall, the Estates of the Right Honourable Arthur Saunders, Earl of Arran, and the Honourable Arthur Saunders Gore, commonly called Lord Viscount Sudley, and for the Payment of the Debts ?iow due by them respectively, and for other Purposes, (q. P.) [3d May 1804.]

Cap. xxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Leavening, in the Parish of Acldam, in the East Riding of the County of York. (q. P.) [3d 1804.]

[Allotments are given in lieu of all Tithes within the said Township.]

Cap. xxxiv.

An Act for empowering the Justices of the Peace for the County of Leicester, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County.

[16th May 1804.] [See 55 G.3. c. 51. § 26.]

A.D. 1804.

n° GEO. III. C. xxxv. — XXXIX,

65 7

Cap. xxxv.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of

and Birmingham Canal Navigation to raise Money to discharge 38 G. 3. c.xxxi. their Debts, and to complete the said Canal Navigation, and for 49, 680L amending the several Acts passed for making the said Canal Navigation.

[16th May 1804.]

[Amended, 48 G. 3. c. xlix. — 55 G. 3. c. lxvi.]

Cap. xxxvi.

An Act to continue and render more effectual Two Acts, passed 33 G. 2. c 53. in the Thirty third Year of His late Majesty, and the Twenty 22 G. 3.C. 18. second Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, on every Scots Pint of Ale or Beer brewed for Sale or vended within the Town and Parish of Dalkeith; for paving, cleaning and lighting the Streets of the said Town; and for erecting a new Public Market therein, (c) [16th May 1804.]

Cap. xxxvii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of an 42 G. 3. c.ci. Act, made in the Forty second Year of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, in the County of Middlesex; and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting and watering a new Branch to communicate with the East India Docks. (

[16th May 1804.]

[70,000l. additional alloxued to be raised on the Terms of 42 c.ci. § 11. — Additional Tolls granted. — The Cannon Street Road Acts (See the Act, 42 G.3.) are continued for the

Term of this Act, and amended. — See 46 G. c. cxxv. —

Term and Poivers of this Act altered and enlarged, 49 G. 3, c. clxxii. — 51 G. 3. c. xlii. — 55 G. 3. c. lxxxix.]

Cap. xxxviii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging 22 G. 3.C. 113. the Powers of an Act, passed for repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near Llysvoen, in the County of and for more effectually repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate to the Gate leading to Common, in the said County, (b) [16th May 1804!]

[Former Tolls repealed, and neiv ones granted Repealed,

49 G. 3. c.xiv.J

Cap. xxxix.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, 3SG.2. c. 58. of Two Acts passed for repairing the Roads from the Town of 22 G. 3. c. 108. Brecon to the Parish of Brobury, and to Whitney Passage, in Geo. III. U u the

658 C. xxxix. — xlv. 41° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

the County of Herefordso far as relates to such of the Roads, comprized in the said Acts, as lie in the county of .

[16th May 1804.]

\_Former Tolls repealed, and ones granted. —

3 G. 4. c.lxxxvii.]

Cap. xl.

An Act for amending and keeping in, Repair the Road from the Dudley Turnpike Road, near the House called The Inn,

in the Parish of West Bin the county of , to the House called The Horse and Jockey, in the Parish of Sutton Coldfield, in the County of (b)

[16th May 1804.]

Cap. xli.

41G.S. (U.K.) An Act for vesting in John Henry Maw Esquire, in Fee Simple, c- ci- certain Estates comprized in an Act of Parliament, of the Forty

first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Henry Maw, ©/"Warms-worth, in the County of York, Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the clear Monies thence arising, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same and

for, by the present Act, settling a Fee Simple Estate of him the said John Henry Maw, of greater Value, to the Uses of the Will of Dorothy Shawe, deceased, in lieu of the said first mentioned Estates, (q. P.)

[16th May 1804.]

Cap. xlii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Haddiscoe, in the County of Norfolk, (q. P.)

[16th May 1804.]

Cap. xliii.

23 G. 3. c. 103. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, passed in the Twenty third Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wetherby to Knaresborough, in the County of York, (c)

[18th May 1804.]

Cap. xliv.

An Act to enable the Right Honourable George Talbot, Lord Dynevor, and other Persons, claiming under the Will of the late Right Honourable Cecil Baroness Dynevor, to grant building Leases of certain Lands in the Parish of Merthyr Tydvil, in the County of Glamorgan, being Part of the Estates devised by the said Will. (q. P.) [18th May 1804.]

Cap. xlv.

An Act for the better regulating and improving the Fisheries in the Arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and

65 9

A.D. 1801. 44° GEO. III. cxlv. — 1.

Waters which run into, or communicate with, the said Arm of the Sea.

[5th 1804.]

[32 G. 3. c. 94t. for regulating Salmon Fisheries in the Nith repealed. — This Act amended so Jar as respects the Fishery in the River Derwent, 49 G. 3. c. 11.]

Cap. xlvi.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Thames

and Medway Canal to vary the Line of the said Canal, and to c, xxiii* raise a further Sum of Money (a) for completing the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Thirty ninth and Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making the said Canal, and a Collateral Cut thereto.

[5th June 1804.]

(a) [60,000l. — See 50 G. 3. c. lxxvi. — 58 G. 3. c. xviii.]

Cap. xlvii.

An Act for the better governing, maintaining and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Pancras, in the county of ,

for providing a new Workhouse for the Use of the said Parish, for appointing Collectors of the Rates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[5th June 1804.]

[Repealed, 45 G. 3. c. xcix.]

Cap. xlviii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers 7 G. 3. c. 67. of Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Twenty fourth Years of 24 G.3. sess.2. His present Majesty, for the amending, repairing and widening c.(J9. several Roads in the Counties of Radnor and Herejord, in the said Acts mentioned, and also for amending, widening, repairing

38G.S. c.xi. repealed as to Road under this Act.

and diverting other Roads in the said County of Radnor. (5)

[5th June 1804.] [Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted^]

Cap. xlix.

An Act for more effectually amending the Road leading from the New Wall, on the Parade, in the Township of, in the

Parish of Rochdale, through M, to the Mere Stone, in

the Township of Great Heaton, and to the Town of,

all in the County Palatine of Lancaster, (a) [5th June 1804.]

Cap. 1.

An Act for repairing, improving, maintaining and widening the Road branching out of the great North Road by the Guide Post at the South End of Spittlegate, in the Parish of in the County of Lincoln, and leading from thence to the Turnpike Road at or near Bridge End, in the same County, (a)

[5th June 1804.]

Uu2

660

C. li. — lvi.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

23G.2.C. 17.

9 G.3. c. 74.

33 G.3. c. 163.

(1) 26G.2. c. 90. 27 G.2. c. 27.

30 G.2, c. 57. 29 G.3. c. 92. 32 G.3. c. 121. 37 G.S. c. 162.

(2) 32G..3, c. 68.

So much of 27 G 2.-C. 38. as relates to paving, &c. repealed.

[. Former Acts, S3 G. 3. c. 91. 36 G. 3-c. 7K96. 41 G.3.(U.K.) c. lxx.

42 G. 3. c.xx.]

(1) By 1st Jan. 1808,

SI G.3. c. 83. 36 G.3. c. 93.

Cap. li.

An Act for altering and amending several Acts for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the County of Haddington; for amending other Roads branching therefrom; and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County, (a)

[29th 1804.]

[Additional Tolls granted.']

Cap. lii.

An Act for altering, amending and consolidating several Acts (1) for making and repairing Turnpike Roads, in the Counties of Renfr exv, Lanark and Ayr; repairing other Roads branching

therefrom, and amending an Act, passed in the Thirty second Year of His present Majesty (2) , for making effectual the Statute Labour in the County of Renfrew.

[29th June 1804.]

[Continued for Twentyone Years as to Roads under 52 G. 3. c.lv. — Amended and continued as therein mentioned, 1 4.

. r. lxxxiii.]

Cap. liii.

An Act for better paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of Saint Nicholas Deptford, in the County of Kent, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. liv.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Ellesmere Canal to make a Railway from Brook to the Ellesmere

Canal, at or near the Aqueduct at, in the Parish of Llangollen, in the County of Denbigh; and also, to make

several Cuts or Feeders for the better supplying the said Canal with Water.

[29th 1804.]

[Amended, 50 G. 3. c. 24. — United with the Chester Canal, and now called the Ellesmere and Chester Canals, 53 G. 3. c. lxxx.J

Cap. lv.

An Act for making (1) and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the Town of Sxvansea, into the Parish of in

the County of Glamorgan.

[29th June 1804.]

[Proprietors incorporated by the Name of 1 The Oystermouth

Railway or Tramroad Compempowered to raise Tonnage and Wharfage Rates.]

Cap. lvi.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed for preserving the Harbour of Sxvansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for further improving the same. 1804.]

[Additional Rates of Tonnage granted..]

A.D. 1804.

44-° GEO. III. C. lvii. — lxii.

661

Cap. lvii.

An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting

the Poor Rates within the Parish of S Mary Stratford in the County of Middlesex.

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lviii.

An Act for lighting the Streets, Lanes and other public Passages

and Places within the City of Carlisle in the County of berland, and the Suburbs of the said City; for paving the Foot Paths of the Streets of the said City and Suburbs, and for otherwise improving the said City.

[29th 1804.]

Cap. lix.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging 25G.2. the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty fifth Year of 19 G.3. c. 89. the Reign of His late Majesty, and the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending the Roads leading from the West End of Upton Br, in the County of Worcester, to the Parish of Tirley, in the County of Gloucester, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for amending the Road leading from the White Cross, in the Parish of Hanley Castle, in the said County, to the River Severn.

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lx.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging l G.3. c. 43. the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the First and Twenty 22G.S. c.li i, second Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Appleby to Kirkby Kendal, and from Highgate to Brough, all in the County of Westmorland. (Z>) [29th 1804.]

[Additional Tolls gran3

Cap. lxi.

An Act for reviving, continuing and enlarging the Powers of S1G.2. c. 68. Two Acts, passed for amending the Road leading from 9 G. 3. c. 73.

in the Parish of Westbury, to Lachetfs Bridge, near the East End of Market Lavington, and other Roads in the said Acts described, all in the County of Wilts, so far as the said Acts relate to the Roads comprized in the Second District therein mentioned. (6) [29th June 1804.]

[Sec 45 G. 3. c. xv.3

Cap. lxii.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging 22 G. 3. c.ioo. the Powers of an Act, of the Twenty second Year of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from the Willersley Turnpike Road, near Parton, to Monkkmd and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Hereford and Worcester. (b) [29th June 1804-3 [Additional Tolls granted.']

Uu 3

662

C, lxiii. — lxviii.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

5 G. 3. c. 108. 26 G.3. c. 142.

32 G.2. c. 60. 3 G. 3.C. 57.

43 G.3. c.cx.

28 G.2. c. 40. 19 G. 3. c. 82.

8 G.3/c. 54. 29 G. 3.C. 109.

Cap. lxiii.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Fifth and Twenty sixth Years of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the North End of Old in the Town and Borough of New, to the Town of

Pickering, in the County of York. ([29th June 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted.']

Cap. lxiv.

An Act for reviving the Term, and continuing, altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Thirty second Year of His late Majesty, and in the Third Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relate to repairing and widening the Road from the Town of Derby to the Town of, in

the County of Stafford, (b) [29th June 1804.]

[Additional Tolls granted, ']

Cap. Ixv.

An Act for repealing an Act, passed in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for continuing the, and consolidating into One Act, several Acts f relating to the Road from Glasgow to Redburri Bridge, and for making and repairing the Road therein men, and for granting other Powers for the Amendment and Repair of the said Roads, (b)

[29th June 1804.]

f [26 G.2. c. 90. — 27 G.2. c. 27.-6 3. c. 82.-27 3. c. 83.

Cap. lxvi.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty eighth Year of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Market, in the County of

Leicester, to the City of Coventry. ()[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxvii.

An Act for amending, widening, altering and improving the Road leading from the Market Place in Cromford to the Five Lane Fnds at the Guide Post on Hopton, and for setting out

and making Two new Roads branching from the said Road, One up the Valley, by Grange Mill, to, and the other from near the said Valley to the Town of, all

in the County of Derby, (a) [29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxviii.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eighth and Twenty ninth Years of His present Majesty, as relates to the Road from the City of York to the Top of Bank, in the County

of York. (b) [29th 1804.]

[Former Tolls repealed, and new ]

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III.

C.lxix. — lxxv.

663

Cap. lxix.

An Act for more effectually improving the Road from Chippenham Bridget in the County of Wilts, to the Top of Togg Hillt in the County of Gloucester, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Counties, and in the County of Somerset, (a)

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxx.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of several Acts passed for repairing the Road from Cambridge to Ely, and from Ely to and from to

Chequer Corner in Doivnham, in the several Counties of Cambridge and Norfolk, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned; and for more effectually amending, improving and keeping in Repair certain other Roads, (b) [29th June 1804.]

FormerTolls repealed, and new ones granted.']

Cap. lxxi.

An Act for enabling the Executors and Trustees of the Will of Thomas Cureton Esquire, to carry into Execution certain Agreements entered into by John Cureton Esquire, his Son, for the Sale of an Estate called Prado, in the County of Salop, and for the Purchase of an Estate called The Hurst, in the same County, (q. P.) [29th June 1804.]

CapIxxii.

An Act for inclosing Lands within the several Manors or Townships of Normanton and Wotherwise cum Woodhouse Moor, in the West Riding of the County of York.

(q. P.) .

[29th June 1804.]

Cap. lxxiii.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of in the County of Northumberland, (q. P.)

[29th June 1804.]

[Allotments are given in lieu of Tithes on Lands inclosed under the Act.]

Cap. lxxiv.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Long in the

County of Westmorland, and also the Common Stinted Pasture called Marion Park, within the said Manor and County, (q. P.)

[29th 1804.]

[Allotments are given in lieu of Tithes of Corn, Hay, Grain and all other Produce arising from the Earth within the said Manor and Pat'k.]

Cap. lxxv.

An Act for assessing the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness towards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and Bridges therein as shall be approved of by the Commissioners appointed by an Act of the'last Session of Parliament,

Former, 18 G.3. c. 103.

repealed as to Roads under this Act.

3G. 3. c. 36.

5 G.3. c. 79. 10 G. 3. c. 97.

664

43 G.3. c. 80.

Former

2 G.3. c

12 G. 3. c. 86.

24 G. 3. sess.2. c. 63. rqyealed as to Roads under this Act.

31 G.3. c. 84.

Former Acts, 8 G.2. c. 21. 24G.2. c. 21, 31 G.2. c. 48. 24 G.3. st.2. c. 61. repealed.

See 43 G. c. 104. of Acts not printed.

C.lxxv. — lxxxi. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804

liament, for making Roads and Building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland.

[3d July 1804*.].

{This Act continued, 48 G.3. c. cv. — See55 3. 121. § 5. —

59 G.3, c. 135. $11.]

Cap. lxxvi.

An Act for amending and repairing several Roads leading from the Guild Hall and Market House in Tavistock to New to

Gfeston Bridge, to Downton Gateto Riccard’s House, to Cherry Brook and Dunnabridge Pound, and to Morwellham and New,

Quay, all in the County of Devon. ()

[3d July 1804.]

[£<?e c. xvi. ante.']

Cap. lxxvii.

An Act for empowering the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury to open and make a new Street from the High Street to Palace Street within the said City.

[10th July 1804.]

{St at. 27 G.3. c. 14. applied execution of this Act.]

Cap. lxxviii.

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty first Year of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge cross the River Thames from Staines to Egham, in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey.

[10th July 1804.]

[Commissioners empowered to raise 6000l. additional. — Tolls increased.]

Cap. lxxix.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Roads leading from Woodstock to Roll Right and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Oxford.

[10th 1804.]

Cap. lxxx.

An Act for enabling the Keepers and Governors of the Possessions, Revenues and Goods of the Free Grammar School of John .Lyon, within the Town of Harrow on the Hill, in the County of Middlesex, to pay the Rents and Profits of certain Lands bequeathed by the said John Lyon, for repairing the Road from Harrow on the Hill to London, to the Trustees acting in execution of the several Acts j- for keeping the said Road in Repair, (q. P.) [10th 1804.]

f [7 G. 1. Stat. 1. c. 26. — 8 G.2. c. 8. — 29 G.2. c. 88. —

23 G. 3. c. 110. — 41 G. 3. (U.K.) c. cxxix. — This Act continued, 59 G.3. c. cii. §2.]

Cap. lxxxi.

An Act for making and repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Banff ', Elgin, Aberdeen and Inverness; for building Bridges over

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. lxxxi. — lxxxvii.

the River Spey, and for regulating the making and repairing the High Roads and Bridges in the said County of Banff.

[10th July 1804.]

[So much of 39 & 40 G. 3. c. xxxii. as directs that certain Parishes (though rated in the County of Banff)) should be comprehended in that Act, repealed, .]

Cap. lxxxii.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Forty third Year of His present Majesty, for establishing a free Market in the City of London for the Sale of Coals, and for preventing Frauds and Impositions in the Vend and Delivery of all Coals brought into the Port of London, within certain Places therein mentioned.

[14th July 1804.]

[Repealed, 47 G. 3. Sess. 2. lxviii.]

Cap. lxxxiii.

An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts, passed in the 10 & 11W.3. Tenth and Eleventh Years of King William the Third, and the c. 8.

Sixth Year of Queen Anne, for making and keeping navigable Anne, c. 9.Pr. the River Tone, from Bridgewater to Taunton in the County of Somerset.

[14th July 1804.]

Cap. lxxxiv.

An Act for enabling the Sheriffs of the City of London to remove the Debtors and Prisoners in the Poultry Compter to another Place of Confinement in the said City.

[20th July 1804.]

[Removal of Prisoners and of all Offices and Records authorized during the Time the present Poultry Compter shall be repairing or rebuilding; and on the Completion of such Repairs, Prisoners, &c. to be removed.]

Cap. lxxxv.

An Act for providing an additional Burial Ground, and erecting a Chapel thereon, for the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, and also a House for the Residence of a Clergyman to officiate in burying the Dead.

[20th July 1804.]

Cap. lxxxvi.

An Act for altering and amending an Act, passed in the Sixth 6 G.3. c. 24. Year of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting and watching the same; and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, so far as the same relates to the West Division thereof, as therein mentioned.

[20th July 1804.]

Cap. lxxxvii.

An Act for embanking, draining and improving certain Lands in the City of Lincoln and County thereof, and in the Parishes or Townships of Boultham, Skellingthorpe, Broxholme,

North Carlton, South Carlton, Burton and 0, in the

666

22 & 23C-2. c. 15.

22 Car. c. 11.

C. lxxxvii. — lxxxix. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

County of Lincoln; and for inclosing Lands in the said Parish of Skellingthorpe.

[20th July 1804.]

[Provisions are contained in this Act for extinguishing all Tithes, Great and Small, and and Payments in

lieu of Tithes, and for giving lieu thereof a Corn Rent to he ascertained by the Quarter Session every 21 Years. § 19.

The Draining Works are exempted from the Jurisdiction of Commissioners of Sewers. § 68.]

Cap. lxxxviii.

An Act for enabling the officiating Minister for the Time being of the Chapel of Voylas, in the County of Denbigh, to publish Banns and solemnize Marriages in the said Chapel.

[2*th July 1804.]

Cap. lxxxix.

An Act for the Relief of certain Incumbents of Livings in the City of London.

[28th July 1804.]

WHEREAS by an Act, passed in the Twenty second and Twenty third Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An Act for the better -4 merit of the Maintenance of the Parsons, Vicars and Curates the Parishes of the City of London, burnt by the late dreadful Fire there, after reciting that the Tythes in the City of London were levied and paid with great Inequality, and were, since the late dreadful Fire there, in the rebuilding of the same, by taking away of some Houses, altering the Foundations of many, and the new erecting of others, so disordered, that, in case they should not for the Time to come be reduced to a Certainty, many Controversies and Suits at Law might thence arise; it was enacted,

that the Annual certain Tythes of all and every Parish and Parishes within the said City of London and the Liberties thereof,

whose Churches had been demolished or in part consumed by the late Fire, and which said Parishes, by virtue of an Act of that Parliament, intituled An additional Act for rebuilding of the City of London, uniting of Parishes, and rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial Churches within the said City, remained and continued single as theretofore they were, or were by the said Act annexed or united into One Parish respectively, should be as followeth,

(that is to say.) The Annual certain Tythes or Sum of Money in lieu of Tythes,

Of the Parish of Alhallows Lombard Street, One hundred and ten Pounds;

Of Saint Bartholomew Exchange, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bridget alias Brides, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Bennet Fink, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Crooked Lane, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Christopher, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Dionis Back Church, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Dunstan in the East, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint James Garlick Hythe, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Cornhill, One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Bassishaw, One hundred and thirty two Pounds Eleven Shillings;

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. lxxxix. 667

Of Saint Margaret Lothbury, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Aldermanbury, One hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Martin Ludgate, One hundred and sixty Pounds;

Of Saint Peter Cornhill, One hundred and ten Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Coleman StreetOne hundred and ten Pounds;

Of Saint Sepulchre, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Alhallows Bread Street and Saint John One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Alhallotvs the Great and Alhallotvs the Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Albans Wood Street and Saint Olaves Silver One hundred and seventy Pounds;

Of Saint Anne and Agnes and Saint John One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Augustin and Saint Faith, One hundred and seventy two Pounds;

Of Saint Andrew Wardrobe and Saint Ann One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Antholin and Saint John Baptist, One hundred and twenty Pounds:

Of Saint Bennet Gracechurch and Saint Leonard c One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Bennet Paul's Wharf and Saint Peter Paul's Wharf, One hundred Pounds;

Of Christ Church and Saint Leonard Foster Lane, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Edmund the King and Saint Nicholas Aeons, One hundred and eighty Pounds;

Of Saint George-Botolph Lane and Saint Botolph Billingsgate, One hundred and eighty Pounds;

Of Saint Laurence Jury and Saint Magdalen Milk Street, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret Fish Street, One hundred and seventy Pounds

Of Saint Michael Royal and Saint Martin One hundred and Forty Pounds;

Of Saint Matthew Friday Street and Saint Peter Cheap, One hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Margaret Pattons and Gabriel One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary at Hill and Saint Andrew Hubbard, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Woolnoth and Saint Mary One hundred and sixty Pounds;

Of Saint Clement East-cheap and Martin Orgars, One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Abchurch and Saint Lawrence One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Aldermary and Thomas Apostle, One hundred and fifty pounds;

Of Saint Mary Le Bow, Saint Soper Lane and Alhallows Honey Lane, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mildred Poultry and Saint Mary Cole Church, One hundred and seventy Pounds.

668

c. lxxxix. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Of Saint Michael Wood Street and Saint Mary, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mildred Bread Street and Margaret, One hundred and thirty Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Queenhythe and Trinity, One hundred and sixty Pounds;

Of Saint Magdalen Old Fish Street and Saint Gregory, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Somerset and Saint Mary One hundred and ten Pounds;

Of Saint Nicholas Coleabby and Saint Nicholas Olaves, One hundred and thirty Pounds;

Of Saint Olave Jewry and Saint Martin Ironmonger Lane, One hundred and twenty Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Walbrook and Saint Bennet Sheerhog, One hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Swythin and Saint Mary One hundred and forty Pounds;

Of Saint Vedast alias Forsters and Saint Michael Quern, One hundred and sixty Pounds;

Which respective Sums of Money to be paid in lieu of Tythes within the said respective Parishes, and assessed as thereinafter is directed, should be and continue to be esteemed, deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be the respective certain Annual Maintenance (over and above Glebes and Perquisites, Gifts and Bequests to the respective Parson, Vicar and Curate of any Parish for the time being, or to his or their respective Successors, or to other Persons for his or their Use) of the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates, who should be legally instituted, inducted and admitted into the respective Parishes aforesaid: And that the said several Sums of Money for Tythes might be more equally assessed upon the several Houses, Buildings and all other Hereditaments whatsoever within all the said respective Parishes, it was enacted, that the Alderman of such respective Ward or Wards within the said City wherein any of the said Parishes respectively lay, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and the Common Councilmen of such respective Ward or Wards, with the Churchwardens and One or more of the Parishioners of such respective Parish wherein the Maintenance aforesaid was respectively to be assessed, to be nominated by such respective Aldermen, Deputy, Common Councilmen and Churchwardens, or any Five of them, whereof the Alderman or his Deputy to be one, should, in the Manner therein directed, assemble and meet together; and that they, or the major Part of them so assembled, should proportionably assess upon all Plouses, Shops, Warehouses and Cellars,

Wharfs, Keys, Cranes, Waterhouses, (which Waterhouses should pay in their respective Parishes where they stood, and not elsewhere.) and Tofts of Ground (remaining unbuilt) and all other Hereditaments whatsoever, (except Parsonage and Vicarage Blouses,) the whole respective Sum by that Act appointed, or so much of it as was more than what each Impropriator was by that Act enjoined respectively to allow, in the most equal way that the said Assessors, according to the best of their Judgments, could

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. lxxxix. 669

make it; and such Regulations were made for effecting the Purposes of the said Act as therein are mentioned: And it was amongst other Things further enacted, that for the surer and better Payment of the said respective Sums of Money so to be assessed and taxed towards the raising of the said Maintenance of the respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates of the said respective Parishes as aforesaid, all and every such respective Sum and Sums of Money so to be assessed and taxed as aforesaid towards the raising of the said Maintenance of the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates of the said respective Parishes, should be paid to the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates, and their Successors respectively, at the Four usual Feasts, (that is to

say) , at the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin, the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, the Feast of Michael the Archangel and the Nativity of our Blessed Saviour, or within Fourteen Days after each of the said Feasts, by equal Payments: And in any Parish or Parishes where any Impropriations were, it was

enacted, that all and every the Impropriator or Impropriators of any of the said Parishes, should pay and allow what really and bona fide they had used and ought to pay and satisfy to the respective Incumbent of such respective Parish, at any Time before ‘ the said late Fire, and that the same should be esteemed and computed as Part of the Maintenance of such Incumbent, notwithstanding that Act, or any Clause or Matter or Thing therein

contained: And Whereas, since the passing of the said recited 21 G. 3. c, 7l.

Act, the Rectory of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Christopher hath, by an Act passed in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His

present Majesty, been united to the Rectory of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Margaret Lothbury, and there is now but One ‘ Incumbent of the said united Rectories: And Whereas the said recited Act hath failed in providing a proper Maintenance for the Parsons, Vicars and Curates in the said Parishes, inasmuch as the

respective Incomes being by the said Act fixed at very low Rates,

the same are, by the decreased Value of Money, the enhanced ‘ Price of all the Necessaries of Life, and by various other Circumstances peculiarly attached to the Incumbents of the City of London, become greatly insufficient for the due Support of their Situation and Character; it hath been therefore deemed expedient for their Relief to make such Alterations in the said in part recited Act as are hereinafter expressed and contained Be it therefore enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That instead of the Annual Tythes of all The Annual and every Parish and Parishes within the City of London and Tythes of the the Liberties thereof, whose Churches were demolished or in Parishes within Part consumed by the Fire mentioned in the said recited Act, the Londcm ttf Annual certain Tythes, or Sums of Money in lieu of Tythes, beTncreVsed as of and for the Parish and Parishes within the said City and Liber- herein men-ties hereinafter enumerated, shall, from and after the Twenty honed, ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four,

be as follows; (that is to say),

C. lxxxix.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

Of the Parish of Alhallows Lombard Street, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bartholomew Exchange, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bridget alias Brides, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bennet Fink, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Crooked Lane, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Dionis Back Church, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Dunstan in the East, Three hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint James Garlick Hythe, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Michael Cornhill, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Michael Bassishaw, Two hundred and twenty Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Mary Aldermanbury, Two hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Martin Ludgate, Two hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Peter Cornhill, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Coleman Street, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Sepulchre, Three hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Alhallows Bread Street and Saint John Evangelist, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Alhallows the Great and Alhallows the Less, Three hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Albans Wood Street and Olaves Silver Street, Two hundred and eighty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Anne and Agnes and Saint John Zachary, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Augustin and Saint Faith, Two hundred and eighty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Andrew Wardrobe and Saint Anne Blackfriars, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Antholinand Saint John Baptist, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Bennet Grace Church and Saint Leonard East Cheap, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Bennet Paul's Wharf and Saint Peter Paid's Wharf, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Christ Church and Saint Leonard Foster Lane, Three hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Edmond the King and Saint Nicholas Aeons, Three hundred Pounds;

Of Saint George Botolph Lane and Saint Botolph Billingsgate, Three hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Lawrence Jury and Saint Magdalen Milk Street, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Margaret Lothbury and Saint Christopher, Three hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Magnus and Saint Margaret New Fish Street, Two hundred and eighty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Michael Royal and Saint Martin Vintry, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Matthew Friday Street and Peter Cheap, Two hundred and Fifty Pounds;

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C.lxxxix. 671

Of Saint Margaret Pattons and Saint Gabriel Fenchurch, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary at Hill and Saint Andrew Hubbard, Three hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Mary Woolnothand Saint Mary Two hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Clement Eastcheap and Saint Martin Orgars, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Mary Abchurch and Saint Lawrence Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Aldermary and Saint Thomas Apostles, Two hundred and fifty Pounds;

Of Saint Mary le Bow, Saint Pancras Soper Lane and Alhallows Honey Lane, Three hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Mildred Poultry antf Saint Mary Two hundred and eighty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Michael Wood Street and Sai Mary Staining, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mildred Bread Street and Saint Margaret Moses, Two hundred and sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Michael Queenhitheand Trinity, Two hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Magdalen Old Fish Street and Saint Gregory, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Mary Somerset and Saint Many Mounthaw, Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Nicholas Coleabby and Saint Nicholas Olaves, Two hundred and sixteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

Of Saint Olave Jewry and Saint Martin Ironmonger Two hundred Pounds;

Of Saint Stephen Walbrook and Saint Sheerhog, Two hundred Pounds:

Of Saint Swithin and Saint Mary Bothaw, Two hundred and thirty three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence;

Of Saint Vedast alias Fosters and Saint Michael Quern, Two hundred and sixty six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence;

II. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Sums of The said Sums Money to be paid in lieu of Tythes within the said respective of Money to be Parishes, shall be and continue to be esteemed, deemed and taken, for , the Annual to all Intents and Purposes, to be the respective certain Annual ^cier^of^ Maintenance (over and above Glebes and Perquisites, Gifts and the City^ Bequests, to the respective Parson, Vicar and Curate of any Parish for the time being, or to his or their respective Successors, or to other Persons for his or their Use) of the said respective Parsons,

Vicars and Curates, legally instituted, inducted and admitted into the respective Parishes aforesaid.

" Power to make Assessments on Plouses and other Buildings,

" before 21st August 180-1, by the Aldermen and Common Council, and Churchwardens in such Ward. § 3.

[Exp.]

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Doubt or Variance Appeal to shall happen to arise about any Sum so assessed as aforesaid, or if Lord Mayor any Parishioner or Parishioners, or Owner or Owners of any House and Court of

or Aldermen

672

C. lxxxix.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

against Assessments.

Assessments may be altered every Seven Years.

or other Hereditaments hereby directed to be assessed within any of the said Parishes, shall find himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by the assessing of any Sum or Sums of Money, in Manner and Form aforesaid, then upon Complaint made by the Party or Parties aggrieved, to the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City, within Fourteen Days after Notice given to the Party or Parties of such Assessment made, the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen summoning as well the Party or Parties ag- grieved, as the Alderman or Aldermen, or Deputy or Deputies, Common Councilmen, Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and such others as shall make the said Assessment, or the Survivors of them, shall hear and determine the same in a summary Way, and the Judgment by them given shall be final and without Appeal; and if no such Parishioner or Parishioners shall be nominated in the Manner and for the Purpose aforesaid, or being so nominated, if the said Alderman or Aldermen, Deputy or Deputies, Common Councilmen, Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners so appointed, shall after Summons and Request made in that Behalf unto them by the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, or the Incumbent or Incumbents of any of the said respective Parishes, refuse or neglect to meet and make such Assessments as aforesaid, then and in either of such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the said City, and they are hereby required, on Application of the Incumbent or Incumbents of the said respective Parishes, to authorize and appoint any other Person or Persons to make such Assessment or Assessments for the Purposes aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if in all or any of the aforesaid Parishes it shall appear necessary to the Parishioners specially convened by the Churchwardens or Churchwarden for the Purpose, and assembled in Vestry, at the End of Seven Years from the Time of passing this Act, and so from time to time at the Expiration of every Seven Years, afterwards to review and alter the respective Assessments to be made in pursuance of this Act, and to make in all or any of the said Parishes a new Assessment and Rate, or Assessments and Rates, in lieu of the then preceding Assessments for the Purpose of raising the Sum and Sums of Money by this Act directed to be raised and paid as aforesaid, then that the Alderman or Aldermen of the respective Ward or Wards within the said City, wherein such Parish or Parishes shall respectively lie, and his or their Deputy or Deputies, and the Common Councilmen of such respective Ward or Wards, with the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and One or more of the Parishioners of the respective Parish wherein such Assessment shall appear necessary (which Parishioner or Parishioners shall be nominated as before directed) shall in like Manner as hereinbefore is mentioned assemble and meet together within Fourteen Days after such Nomination, and they or the major Part of them so assembled shall then and there proportionably assess and rate upon the respective Houses and other Hereditaments hereby directed to be assessed, the respective Sums by this Act directed to be raised and paid as hereinbefore is mentioned, and that every such new Assessment and Rate shall be liable to the like Appeals as aforesaid, and shall be collected, levied and paid in like Manner as the First Assessment

C. lxxxix.

673

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III.

or Rate mentioned in this Act may or ought to be collected, levied and paid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Assessors within Four Tran-Fourteen Days after any Assessment shall have been made, and the respective Appeals (if any be) determined, shall make Four ^p0sJted with Transcripts thereof in Writing, containing the respective Sums to the Town be payable or appointed to be paid out of all and every the Premises Clerk, the Bi-assessable within such respective Parish, and subscribe the same shop of London, with their respective Names, and that within Twenty Days after ye^t^gSs^jra^ such Subscription as aforesaid, One of the said Transcripts shall incumbents, be sent to the Lord Mayor of the City of and deposited

in the Town Clerk’s Office of the said City, and there kept and preserved among the Records of the said City, for a perpetual Memorial thereof; another of the said Transcripts shall be deposited in the Registry of the Consistory Court of the Lord Bishop of London, to be kept and preserved as aforesaid; another of the

said Transcripts shall remain and be kept in the Vestry of such respective Parish, for a perpetual Memorial as before mentioned; and the remaining Transcript shall be delivered within Three Days after such Subscription to the Incumbent of such respective Parish, and the said Assessments shall continue in force and be acted upon until any new Assessment shall be made in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And, for the further and better Payment of the said respective Sums of Money so to be assessed or taxed, towards raising the Maintenance of the said respective Parsons, Vicars and Curates of the said respective Parishes as aforesaid Be it further enacted, That all and every such respective Sum and Sums of Fixing the Money so to be assessed and taxed as aforesaid towards the raising Time f£r Pa>'" of the said Maintenance, shall be payable to the said respective ums

Parsons, Vicars and Curates of the said respective Parishes, and their Successors respectively, or their Agents, Receivers or Collectors, on the following Days in every Year, that is to say, the Twenty fifth Day of December, the Twenty fifth Day of the Twenty fourth Day of June, and the Twenty ninth Day of September, or within Thirty Days after each of the said Days, by equal Payments free and clear of all Manner of Taxes, Assessments and Deductions whatsoever, affecting the said respective Sums of Money.

VIII. And Whereas in certain of the Parishes hereinbefore named there are Impropriations; and the Impropriators were, as hereinbefore is mentioned by the said recited Act, directed to pay and allow what really and bondJide they had used and ought to have paid and satisfied to the respective Incumbents of the said Parishes before the said Fire, which said Payments were to be esteemed and computed as Part of the Maintenance of such In- cumbents Be it therefore further enacted, That in the Parishes Impropriators of Saint Bridget, otherwise Saint Bride s, Fink, Saint ^what

Mary Aldermanbury, Saint Stephen Coleman, Alhallows the they3have been

Less, Christ Church, Saint Lawrence Jewry, Saint Lawrence accustomed to Pountney and Saint Mary Cole Church, the Impropriators shall pay. continue to allow and pay to the respective Incumbents of the same Parishes what they have been accustomed to allow and pay before and since the passing of the said recited Act of the Twenty second and Twenty third Years of the Reign of King * the

C. lxxxix.

44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804. 674

The Vicar of Saint Sepulchre’s to receive the full Sum directed by this Act, instead of One third Part of Impropriate Tythes.

For continuing certain Compensations out of the City Chamber in lieu of Houses taken down, &c.

Second, which said Sums shall be paid to the Incumbents of the same respective Parishes, in Part of the respective Sums hereinbefore appointed to be the certain Annual Maintenance of the same respective Incumbents.

IX. And Whereas Two third Parts of the Impropriate Tythes of the Parish of Saint Sepulchre are vested in Trustees, in trust for the Parishioners of that Parish; and the Vicar of the said ‘ Parish is endowed with the remaining Third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes Be it therefore further enacted, That the said Vicar shall, from and after the Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, receive the full Sum directed by this Act to be paid him for his Maintenance, in lieu of the Third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes to which by virtue of his Endowment he is entitled, from the several Inhabitants, of or from or out of, or for, or in respect of the several Houses, Tenements and other Hereditaments situated within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre which lies within the Liberties of the City of London, but exclusive of and over and above the Third Part of the Tythes to which he is entitled, from the Inhabitants, of or from, or out of, or for, or in respect of the several 'Houses, Tenements or other Hereditaments situate within that Part of the said Parish which lies within the County of and that, from and after the said Twenty ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and four, the said Third Part of the said Impropriate Tythes, due from the Inhabitants of or from, or out of or in respect of the several Houses, Tenements or other Hereditaments situate within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Sepulchre which lies within the said Liberties of the City of London, shall cease and determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

X. And Whereas in several of the aforesaid Parishes divers Houses and other Buildings have been taken down, for the Improvement of the City of London, by Order of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen and Common Council of the said City, or have been taken down or altered by other Corporate Bodies or public Companies or Persons, for other Purposes; and as a Compensation in respect thereof, certain Yearly Sums have been regularly paid by the Chamber of the said City, or by such Corporate Bodies or public Companies or Persons, to the Incumbents of the Parishes wherein the Houses and Buildings so taken down were respectively situate, which Yearly Sums are equal to the Yearly Sums paid under the before recited Act, to the said Incumbents, in respect of the said Houses and other Buildings so taken down; and it may happen that other Houses and Buildings may be hereafter taken 6 down or altered for similar Purposes Be it therefore further enacted, That the several Yearly Sums of Money, which such Incumbents respectively have been accustomed, or are or may be entitled to receive from the Chamber of or from any other

Corporate Body or Bodies, Company or Companies, or from any Person or Persons whomsoever, in respect of the said Houses and other Buildings so taken down, shall respectively be and continue to be paid and payable to the said Incumbents respectively, and their respective Successors, in Aid and as Part of the several Sums herein before authorized to be raised by Assessments, for the Benefit of the said Incumbents respectively, but so nevertheless as

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. lxxxix. 675

not to exonerate any Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse or other Building, in the Occupation of any private Person or Persons, from the Payment of the Sum or Sums for Tythes or in lieu of Tythes to be assessed by virtue of this Act; but that the said Sum or Sums so to be assessed and paid for or in respect of any such Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse or other Building, shall be received and taken by the Incumbent of any Parish in which the same shall be situate, in Part of the Sum or Sums by this Act authorized to be raised for the Benefit of such respective Incumbent.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Inhabitants in any of the respective Parishes aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay to the respective Incumbents of any of the said respective Parishes an}' Sum or Sums of Money to him or them respectively payable, or appointed to be paid by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, (being lawfully demanded by the said respective Incumbents, or their Agents or Receivers, or Collectors either in Person or by Writing left at the House or Houses, Wharf, Quay, Crane, Cellar or other Premises out of which the same is payable) that then it shall be lawful for the Lord Mayor or any other Magistrate of the City of London for the Time being upon Oath to be made before him of such Refusal or Neglect, to give and grant Warrants for the Officer or Person appointed to collect the same, with the Assistance of a Constable, in the Day Time, to levy the same Sums of Money so due and in Arrear and unpaid, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting to pay, or the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or Occupiers for the time being, of the Tenements or Hereditaments in respect whereof such Arrears shall be due or owing, restoring to the Owner or Owners the Overplus of such Goods, or the Over-plus of the Monies produced by such Sale, over and above the said Arrears of the said Monies so due and unpaid, and the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, which he is to deduct out of the Monies raised by Sale of such Goods.

XII. Provided always nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That notwithstanding any Thing herein before contained, in case, and when and so often as all or any of the respective Annual Maintenances or Sums by this Act appointed to be raised and paid, or so much of them respectively, or of any of them, as shall exceed what the respective Impropriators before mentioned are by this Act enjoined respectively to allow, shall respectively be assessed and raised, by the Ways and Means and in the Manner hereinafter authorized and directed, and paid to the said respective Incumbents, or their respective Agents or Collectors, or Receivers, within Thirty Days next after the several Quarterly Days hereinbefore appointed for the Payment thereof, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, then and in every such case, from time to time, such of the same respective Annual Maintenances or Sums, or such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as shall be so paid, shall not be raised or paid as hereinbefore is directed, but by the Ways and Means and in the Manner hereinafter authorized and appointed in that Behalf.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens or Churchwarden (if but One) of the respective Parishes wherein the Maintenances aforesaid are respectively to be

How the Money to be recovered in case of refusal of Payment.

Distress,

If the Sums assessed shall be paid in Manner aftermentioned, they shall not be raised as before directed,

Power for Churchwardens, #c. tQ

676 C. lxxxix. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

make Yearly Assessments.

Appeal to Court of Mayor and Aldermen against the last mentioned Assessments.

Power for recovering, the

assessed, and to and for any One or more of the Parishioners, to be yearly appointed in Vestry by the Inhabitants of such respective Parishes, the First of such Vestries in each Parish to be summoned by the said respective Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and held within Twenty one Days next after the passing of this Act) to assemble and meet together yearly and every Year at some convenient and seasonable Time before the Thirty first Day of July next after such Appointment, in some convenient Place within every of the respective Parishes wherein the Maintenances aforesaid are to be assessed; and the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and the Parishioner or Parishioners to be appointed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled in and for each respective Parish, are hereby authorized and empowered yearly before the Twenty first Day of August in every Year, by an equal Rate upon all Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, Wharfs, Quays, Cranes, Waterhouses (each Waterhouse to be paid for in the Parish where it stands only) Tofts of Ground, remaining unbuilt or other Hereditament or Hereditaments whatsoever (except Parsonage and Vicarage Houses) within such respective Parish, to assess the Whole of the respective Sum by this Act appointed to be paid in lieu of Tythes within such respective Parish, for or towards such Maintenance as aforesaid, or so much of it as shall exceed what the respective Impropriators (if any) are hereinbefore by this Act enjoined respectively to allow, together with the Charges of making such respective Rate or Assessment^ and collecting the Money so assessed, and all other incidental Charges relating thereto, the same to be payable and paid Quarterly on the several Days first hereinbefore appointed for the Payment of the said Maintenance; and the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners, to be yearly appointed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled in and for each respective Parish, shall and they are hereby further authorized to collect and receive the Sums so by them to be assessed, as and when the same shall become due, and with or out of the same or otherwise to pay and discharge the respective Maintenance for and in respect whereof the same shall have been assessed respectively, within Thirty Days next after each Quarterly Day of Payment first hereinbefore appointed for the Payment of such Maintenance, without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever, and thereupon also to retain, pay and discharge all such incidental Charges and Expences as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be made as last aforesaid, it shall be lawful for him, her or them respectively, to appeal to the Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, whose Decision shall be final and conclusive: Provided always that Notice of such Appeal shall be left in Writing at the Office of the Town Clerk of the said City, and also at the House of the Churchwarden or of the Vestry Clerk of the respective Parish for which the Assessment complained of shall be made, within Ten Days next after the Sum so rated and assessed shall be demanded, and such Appeal shall be made to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen of the said City, after such Notice shall be so left as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners,

A.D. 1804. 44° GEO. III. C. lxxxix. 677

[Sums assessed by the Churchwardens, &c.]

or Occupier of any House or other Hereditament which shall be rated and assessed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, by the Ways and Means and in the Manner last hereby authorized and directed, shall refuse or neglect by the Space of Fourteen Days next after his, her or their respective Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments shall be due, and shall be demanded by the Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners to whom the same ought to be paid (such Demand being left in Writing at the House, Shop, Warehouse, Cellar, Wharf, Quay, Crane, Waterhouse, Toft or other Hereditaments or Premises possessed, rented or occupied by him, her or them, so rated and assessed) to pay such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, so demanded as aforesaid, unless Notice of Appeal shall have been left as last before mentioned; or if any such Notice be left, and if such Appeal shall not be made accordingly, to the next Court of Mayor and Aldermen as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners, every or any of them, having a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of the Lord Mayor, or any other Magistrate of the said City, (which Warrant or Warrants the said Churchwardens or Churchwarden, and Parishioner or Parishioners, is and are hereby required to apply for, and the Lord Mayor or any other Magistrate of the said City, is hereby authorized and required to grant,) and with the Assistance of a Constable, or any Peace Officer of the Ward, County, City or Liberty, where the Person or Persons, Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting, shall reside, there to seize and distrain any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Party or Parties so refusing or neglecting to pay, or to seize and distrain any of the Goods and Chattels, of the Occupier or Occupiers for the time being of the Tenements or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Arrears shall be due or owing; and if the same shall not be replevied, or such Rate or Assessment paid within Five Days next after such Distress made, together with the Costs and Charges thereof, then to appraise and sell so much of the said Goods and Chattels as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Assessment, and the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, the said Costs and Charges to be settled and allowed by the said Lord Mayor, or other Magistrate who shall have granted such Warrant or Warrants respectively:

Notice of Appeal.

Proceedings if Appeal not prosecuted.

Distress.

---

[Proviso respecting Distress out of the City.]

Provided always, that no such Distress shall by virtue of this Act be made out of the Limits of the said City and Liberties thereof, unless such Warrant or Warrants respectively shall be first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City or Liberty where such Distress is proposed to be made; which Warrant or Warrants any Magistrate, who shall be applied to for that Purpose, shall forthwith, and is hereby authorized and required to back or countersign without Fee or Reward.

[If the Monies to be assessed by the last mentioned means shall be unpaid for]

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Quarterly Payment of any Annual Maintenance or Sum by this Act authorized to be raised and paid, or so much thereof as shall exceed what any Impropriator before mentioned is by this Act enjoined respectively to allow, shall happen to be in Arrear and

678 C. lxxxix. 44° GEO. III. A.D. 1804.

[Thirty Days after Quarter Day, the same shall be raised as the First Assessment.]

unpaid to the said respective Incumbent entitled to the same, or his respective Agent or Collector, or Receiver for the Space of Thirty Days next after any of the Quarterly Days hereinbefore appointed for the Payment thereof* then and in every such Case, from time to time, every such Quarterly Payment so in Arrear and unpaid shall and may be raised or levied and paid by the Ways and Means, and according to the Assessment, and in the Manner first hereinbefore authorized and directed in that Behalf

[Exempting Quakers from being Collectors under this Act.]

XVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to compel or oblige any Person or Persons, being of the People called Quakers, to collect any of the Monies to be raised under or by virtue of this Act, but such Person or Persons is and are hereby excused and exempted front Collecting the same.

[Powers of 22 & 23 C. 2. c. 15. and of this Act, vested in Lord Mayor find Court of Aldermen, or Two Barons of the Exchequer.]

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Powers and Authorities in and by the said recited Act of the Twenty second and Twenty third Years of King Charles the Second, given to and vested in the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen of the City of London, shall be and the same are hereby from henceforth given to and vested in the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen for the time being, for and in respect of all and singular the Matters and Things in this Act contained, or by this Act enacted, so far as the Case is or shall be applicable; and that in case the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall refuse or neglect to execute any of the respective Powers to them by this Act granted, or to perform all and every such Things relating either to the assenting or levying of the respective Sums aforesaid, as they are by this Act authorized and required to perform, either expressly or by Reference, that then it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Barons of His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to do and perform what the said Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, might or ought to have done, and by such Warrant either to empower any Person or Persons to make the respective Assessments as aforesaid, or to authorize the respective Officers or Persons appointed to collect such Assessments, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods of any Person or Persons that shall refuse or neglect to pay the same, in Manner and Form aforesaid.

[No Ecclesiastical Court, &c. to hold Plea of or for any Monies payable under this Act.]

XIX. Provided always, That no Court or Judge Ecclesiastical or Temporal, shall hold Plea of or for any the Sum or Sums of Money due or owing or to be paid by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, other than the Persons hereby authorized to have Cognizance thereof; nor shall it be lawful for any Parson, Vicar, Curate or Incumbent, to convent or sue any Person or Persons assessed as aforesaid, and refusing or neglecting to pay the same, in any Court or Courts, or before any Judge or Judges, other than what are authorized and appointed by this Act for the hearing and determining the same in Manner aforesaid.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the same.

[Index removed.]

